---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/antoinette.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Antoinette: The Damsel in Distress'
authors:
- RopeBurnUK
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- leather
- cuffs
- gag
- bfold
- toys
- first
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2012-07-08 00:00:00
---

The following is a true story. (You know who you are)

A few years ago I worked for an Asset Management company looking after the assets of clients mainly an administrative position and although the work was boring and uneventful I was the only male in the department. So I got to spend the day with some very attractive ladies who all took turns to flirt with me. I have always loved the secretary look so I was in heaven in the department. My other fantasy was “damsel in distress” bondage and it was a side of me I always kept to myself although I had pictured all of them at some stage in my mind bound and gagged.

One of my colleagues was called Antoinette and she had long auburn hair lovely pert breasts, long legs and a small tight heart shaped rear. She always wore very high heels and short figure hugging skirts and she had these very cute size 4 feet (yet another fetish of mine). She was engaged to be married in a few months and although I found her very attractive we were only friends as I am not one to fool around with girls who are in relationships. There was always loads of flirting and smiles between us but it never went further than that which often left me feeling frustrated.

One day on a particular slow day we had both finished our work for the day and had a couple of hours to kill before home time so she came and sat at my desk making small talk. Suddenly out of the blue she asked me “Have you ever been tied up or have you ever tied anybody up?” I was so shocked that I just went completely red and felt my heart start beating faster. Shocked all I could muster was “Why do you ask?”

“Well sometimes my fiancé ties me up but he wasn’t very good at it.”  I could feel myself getting aroused and I was going redder and redder. She just smiled at me and said, “Look at the time I had better start packing up my stuff. See you tomorrow”

On the way home she was all I could think about and the thought of her being tied up just made me more and more aroused. I just hoped I had not blown my chance I so badly wanted to talk more to her about it but she had caught me completely off guard and too be honest I was too shy and had never told anybody about my fantasies.  That night I decided I would play it ‘cool’ and if it came up again I had a couple of questions I wanted to ask her.

The next morning I arrived at work really early which is very unlike me and waited for Antoinette’s arrival.  When she finally arrived she walked past my desk with a polite “Hello” much to my frustration and spent most of the day working at her desk. All I could think about was that I had blown this. Finally after not having spoke to her for most of the day she walked past my desk and asked if I wanted to grab a coffee. I jumped up a little too quickly which caused a wry smile from Antoinette. Over coffee she seemed very quiet with something on her mind. I did not want to pry but I could see something was wrong. Suddenly she asked me “Do you think I am attractive?”

I could feel myself going red again “Of course” I said “Why do you ask?”

She looked me in the eyes and said “ I don’t think my fiancée finds me attractive anymore. He hasn’t touched me in weeks”

I was shocked “What?”

“Yes I know he is busy at work but I am worried. Do you have any ideas or suggestions?”

“Have you tried dressing up for him?” I stammered “and maybe you should ask him to tie you up?”

“Do you have any ideas what I can wear? What do you like?” she replied

“Well I do like certain things but that’s personal” I said rather shyly.

She could see I was uncomfortable and she suggested “Why don’t you email me some ideas?”

“Sure” I said  “I had better get back to work”

At my desk I was finding myself very turned on. Could I trust her with my personal fantasies? I decided what have I got to lose.  I typed up a very short email along the lines of “ Why don’t you dress up as a naughty secretary and ask him to tie you up and have his way with you”  I clicked send and waited. A few seconds later the reply arrived in my inbox. “Is that it? I expected more detail from you? Describe exactly what I should wear and if I like it I will wear it into the office tomorrow if its not too explicit!” I gulped and looked at my watch it was almost home time I had better make this quick. If its detail she wants it is detail she will get. I typed up:

The Naughty Secretary:

Hair down
Red Lipstick
Painted fingernails (Revlon Red is my favourite)
Painted toenails (Revlon Red as well)
White tight blouse/shirt
Black tight fitting mini skirt
Black Lace Suspender belt
Black Vintage Stockings (the one with the seam down the back)
Black Lace Bra
Black Lace G-String
Black high heel 6 inch pumps (the higher the better!)
Thin Gold ankle chain on right ankle

I looked at the list again let out a sigh imagining Antoinette dressed like that and hit the send key. I waited impatiently for the reply checking my watch as I knew she would leave soon and I would desperately love to see her dressed like that tomorrow. The reply hit my inbox. Nervous I opened the message “Wow that’s more like it. I guess I had better do some shopping later. If this does not work nothing will. I need to leave but I am curious on how you would tie me up? Speak to you tomorrow x” My heart began pounding in my chest and feebly waved goodbye as she walked past me.

On the way home all I could think about was Antoinette and how lucky her fiancé was. That night in my bed I imagined her lying next to me. Needless to say I did not sleep very well that night.

The next morning I woke up before my alarm and almost jumped out of bed to get ready for work. “Surely she would not dress like that for work?” I hoped beyond hope she would but what would I say to her then?

I was the second person to arrive in the office and made myself a cup of coffee before I sat down at my desk and found myself rather preoccupied and unable to focus on anything but Antoinette’s arrival. Finally what seemed like ages I caught her walking into the office and my heart dropped a beat. She looked stunning and was wearing what I had suggested in my email  I thought I was going to have a heart attack as she walked past me and obviously seeing my shock on my face she smiled coolly as she walked past and mouthed a “Good Morning” to me.  I still could not believe what I was looking at as she sat down at her desk and turned on her computer.

A few moments later an email arrived in my inbox “Good Morning I have good news and bad news. The good news is I am wearing everything you suggested and I feel very sexy. The bad news is it had no effect last night on my fiancée” I felt bad. What was I thinking. Why would he like the same things I did. I replied, “Sorry it did not work out but if it means anything I think you look incredible” I hit the send key worried that I had mucked this up and I hoped it would not change anything between us I really enjoyed talking to her. Her reply arrived moments later which simply said “It seems a waste that you have not seen everything maybe we can go for a drink later?” Wild horses would not stop me from meeting her I simply replied “I would really like that. See you after work”

The day dragged on and on but at least I could look up and look at her dressed the way I had asked which made me smile and wish time would hurry up! Finally just before home time she emailed me “ Meet me at that quiet Italian Bistro we had the company lunch at in 15 minutes I will meet you there”  “See you then” I replied as I quickly shut down my computer and packed up my stuff almost running to my car.

Driving there I had doubts about whether this was a good idea but it was too late now. I arrived before her and found a quiet table in the corner and ordered a nice bottle of red wine and some snacks hoping it would make her stay for awhile. The wine arrived at the table and I looked up just as Antoinette walked into the restaurant. She smiled at me again which made me melt as she sat down next to me in the booth. We both felt a bit awkward together but after we had both finished our first glass of wine we started to relax and chat like old friends. Not wanting to instigate anything I eventually said “ I am really sorry it did not work out last night”

“His loss” she replied. “I even went out specially to buy a few things. I found your favourite nail varnish it looks great don’t you think?” as she displayed her bright red fingernails to me. “Oh” she said as she slipped off her high heel shoe and let it slip to the floor raising her foot to my lap. “There is just one thing missing which I thought was a bit slutty to wear to the office so would you put it on for me?”

In her outstretched hand was a thin gold ankle chain.  She must have felt the bulge in my trousers as she presented her perfect painted red toes for me to see. I carefully placed the chain on her right ankle. Looking down at her foot she smiled and said, “ That’s much better I think it looks great. What do you think?”

“Wow” is all I could say as slipped her high heel back on her foot. “Also look here” as she raised her mini skirt to reveal the top of her stocking tops to me. “Wow” is all I could say again. Well at least she held her end of the bargain and wore everything I suggested but I could not help feeling highly aroused and very frustrated.

Eventually we finished the bottle and I realised much to my frustration that our time together was coming to an end. “Do you have any plans tonight?” she asked out of the blue.

“No….nothing” I said perhaps a little too quickly.

“Maybe we should go somewhere else?” she said, “I don’t want to start the rumour mill going at work if you and I get caught here together especially as everybody knows I am engaged.”

“You are right, you fancy going somewhere else outside of the city?” I suggested.

“Do you have any wine at your place?” she said playfully

“Yes I do” I said as I felt my heart miss a beat.

“I don’t want to mislead you but I am only looking to talk? Is that ok with you?”

“Sure” I said a little disappointed.

“Great I am enjoying spending time with you. Let me drop my car off and I will get a taxi around to your house in the next half an hour or so” she said raising from the table giving me a peck on the cheek.

“Great I will see you there” I smiled.

“Ok and I am very curious to talk to you about your tying up suggestion in your email” she whispered into my ear as she left the table.

“Oh…sure ….Ok” I said trying to sound nonchalant.

In my car I raced home well over the speed limit in excitement. I really hope she does not change her mind was all I could think about as I pulled into my driveway. What she did not realise was I had a large locked suitcase under my bed which contained numerous sex toys, gags, rope, bondage tape, leather blindfolds and hoods. I had used a couple of the toys before on previous girlfriends who did it more to please me than actually enjoying being tied up. There was no way I could show her my private collection. What if she ran out horrified? I could never show my face at work again? I started to panic a little as I opened my front door. Was this a good idea?

I quickly straightened up my house and opened up a new bottle of wine and sat on the couch and waited. What seemed like an eternity there was eventually a knock on my door. I opened the door and there she was smiling on my doorstep. “Well are you going to let me in?” she said with a smile on her face.

“Of course….please take a seat and I will pour you a glass of wine” I said showing her into the lounge.

“Can I take a look around? I am sorry I am very nosy” she laughed.

“Go right ahead” I said still not believing she was actually in my house and dressed like that. Maybe it was the wine but I thought to myself I am not going to waste this opportunity.

We sat down on the couch together and I said “So what do you want to talk about?”

“Well” she said “I feel like I can trust you and to be honest I have always had a fantasy about being tied up”

“Like a damsel in distress?” I asked.

“Yes exactly but my fiancée does not really share my fantasy. I always have to instigate it and he has a couple of belts that he uses to tie me loosely to the bed but he does not really have any idea what I want.”

“Oh” I said.

“ I feel like I can talk to you about anything so was wondering what you thought about it? I remember you joked once that you had a set of handcuffs but I don’t think you were joking. Were you?”

“No” I said recalling the conversation in my mind. “I hope that whatever we talk about can stay between us I would hate it to get in the way at the office?” I asked.

“Of course  lets be honest I would hate this to get back to my fiancée”

“ Of course” I said thinking about what an idiot this guy was. “Well the answer is yes I do enjoy bondage and have tied up previous girlfriends over the years but to be honest I don’t think any of them particularly enjoyed it and they did it mainly for me. It is very different if you both share the same fantasy”

“I agree” she said “ I am assuming you have more than a couple of belts?”

“Yes as a matter of fact I do” I said thinking about the locked case under my bed.

“Could you show me?” she asked.

“Well its very private. I like to tie and tease” I said.

“What do you mean?”

“Well” I thought to myself I am so far down the line I may as well keep going I suppose I could always get a new job. “I like to tie people up tightly so there is no chance of escape and using a vibrator or remote vibrating egg make them orgasm numerous times while still tied up.”

“Wow” she said and for the first time this evening I could see her blushing.

”You can imagine when they are finally released just how good the sex is?” I continued.

Antoinette went very quiet and I started to panic that maybe I had gone too far. She looked up at me “Can you get me another glass of wine?”

“Of course I will be right back”

In the kitchen I realised that the wine had probably made me say too much and I had better go back and apologise. “I am sorry if I have offended you” I said as I walked back into the lounge.

“No don’t be silly“ she said “I am just taken back its something I have been thinking about for ages. I am just having difficulty with my conscience right now. I probably should not be here!”

My heart sank. “Of course I understand”

“Please can you show me your toys? I am just so very curious” she said looking up at me.

“Sure there is no harm in looking” I said trying to make her feel more comfortable. “There is just a lot of toys and I think some of them might scare you a little?”

“You have made me even more curious now” she said winking at me.

“Let me go and fetch them” I said feeling very aroused.

I returned to the lounge carrying the large suitcase. “Wow” she exclaimed “You weren’t kidding about having some toys”

“Well I did try and warn you” I said smiling. “You sure this is not going to freak you out?” I said opening up the case.

Her eyes lit up when she looked at the contents “Look at all this stuff? I don’t even know what half of this is for?” she said as she picked up the large red ball gag having a closer look. I let her look through the case listening to her odd “gasp” and “oh” as she inspected each and every item. Finally after she had finished looking she sat back and took a large sip of wine. “ You certainly have a very intriguing collection of stuff here. Where did you get it all from?”

“Over the years I have collected it from mostly online discreet shops” I explained.

“I suppose you have to know what do with it that counts?” she said having another gulp of wine.

“Yes you are right I have been interested in bondage for a long time now.”

“I can see that” she said. Suddenly she looked at her watch and stood up facing me and said “It is getting late I need to go soon”

“Sure” I said very disappointed I would love to have shown her a few of the items “let me call you a cab.”

“Let me go to the bathroom first and I need to make a phone call”

“Ok” I said directing her. I waited a few minutes thinking too myself that I had probably shocked her showing everything at once.

A few moments later Antoinette returned and I could see something was bothering her. “You ok?” I asked.

“I am good actually just having a hard time at the moment deciding what I want? My fiancé is out with the boys tonight” she said sitting down on the couch again. I waited before she continued “Would you tie me up?”

My heart started beating wildly in my chest “You sure? Of course I would love too”

“But” she continued “we can’t have sex and I want to stay dressed. Is that ok?”

“Yes” I replied “whatever you want you are the one in control here“.

“Ok but I don’t want you to go easy on me I want to have a real experience I have imagined this for a long time”

“Sure” I said smiling. “Is there anything in particular you want to try?”

“At the moment all of it!” she laughed “but you had better get started before I change my mind. I am a little nervous about this”

I looked at her trying to not too show my obvious excitement, “Lets use the safe word ‘Revlon’ and as soon as you say it I will instantly untie you” I suggested

“Ok but you are going to gag me?” she asked blushing again.

“Ok how about you hum the first part of “Happy Birthday” when you are gagged and I will release you instantly?” I suggested.

“Ok I am not sure if I am excited or nervous. Can we get started before I change my mind?” She said rising from the couch “Where do you want me?”

Not in my wildest dreams did I expect this too happen. “Ok how about I tie you to this dining room chair as a start?”

“A typical damsel in distress position?”

“Come and sit down here and cross your wrists behind your back”

Antoinette sat on the chair and dutifully crossed her wrists behind her back. I picked up a few white cotton rolls of rope from the case still not believing this was happening and stood behind her. I coiled the rope around her wrists a few times before cinching the knot neatly in the middle. “That’s not too tight is it?” I asked.

“No it feels good” she said.

I removed two black silk scarf’s from the suitcase. “Lets try these first as a blindfold and a gag. They are not too restrictive and they will give you a chance to get used to it”.

“Ok I am ready” she smiled.

I rolled the scarf’s up thinly before placing the first one over her eyes and tying the knot tightly behind her head. “ How does that feel?” I asked.

“Perfect I can’t see a thing” she laughed.

“Ok here comes the gag remember the safe word we spoke about?” I reminded her. “This is called a cleave gag so open your mouth and I will tie it between your lips”

I thought about packing her mouth first with a cotton cloth but it was too much for her first time and I wanted her to trust me. “Open up” I said as I placed the scarf in between her bright red lips tying the scarf tightly behind her head. “How does that feel?” I asked

“mmmm…mumpth” was all she could manage. I found gag talk incredibly sexy to hear especially from her.

“Ok place your feet together I am going to tie your ankles together”

Antoinette obeyed my command and I found myself wondering if this was real or I was imagining the whole event! I looked down at her nylon clad legs and high heels and thought I was going to explode inside. I took more of the cotton rope and tied her ankles tightly together cinching them with a tight, neat knot. I wondered if I should stop at this point but I wanted her to experience tight bondage and she knew the safe words. Taking a longer piece of rope I wrapped the rope numerous times around her knees before tying it tightly in the middle. Reaching for a longer piece I wound the rope around her chest just above and below her breasts careful not to touch them before tying of the knot behind her elbows securing her to the chair. I thought that was enough for now I was hoping we could try another position later and wanted her to get used to being tied up first.

“You look stunning” I said. Antoinette moaned into her gag acting as the damsel in distress perfectly. “I am going to leave you tied up for two minutes. Try and escape and imagine you have just been kidnapped against your will” I suggested.

She moaned and tried to free herself and I could see she was really getting into her new found “role” and she even kicked off her high heel shoes revealing her perfect stocking clad feet. I could feel myself getting more and more aroused as I watched her until finally the two minutes were up. I untied the gag from behind her head and could see the scarf was drenched with her saliva. “How was that?” I asked.

“My goodness I loved it. Can we take a little break?”

“Of course” I said as I quickly removed all of her bonds. I took off her blindfold and she squinted a little as the light hit her eyes. “You are a natural at this” I said. “ I am really glad you enjoyed it. Let me pour you a glass of wine while you relax” I went to the kitchen still not believing my luck wishing this evening would never end.

I returned to the lounge to find Antoinette smiling sitting on the couch. “Wow I really enjoyed that”

“I could see” I said “you were amazing.” “It’s getting late do you me to call you that cab now?” I said hoping the answer would be no.

“It is getting late but I know now that I can trust you. Lets skip a few steps and I want you to tie me up the way you want too. You can use anything you want in any position. Do you have any ideas?”

“Of course I do I am not going to lie to you that I have imagined it a few times now” I said still not believing my luck “Would you like to use the remote vibrating egg? You can place it in your panties and I will give you the remote in your hand. If you feel like it simply press the button when you are ready?”

“I am not sure” she said looking down “but seeing I said you could use any toy why not?”

I could not believe it I had imagined watching her tied up having multiple orgasms for more times than I wanted to admit.

“Ok where do you want me?“ She said rising from the couch.

“If its ok with you I would like you to go and lie face down on my bed with your wrists crossed behind your back” I said “Here is the remote egg go and position it in your panties and take this remote with you”

“Ok give me a minute before you come through“ she said slipping on her high heels. I just sat and smiled desperately not wanting to pinch myself in case this was a dream.

I entered my bedroom and saw Antoinette dutifully lying on my bed with her wrists crossed behind her back with the small remote in her right hand. “I want you to imagine you have just been kidnapped and are being forced to have sex against your will” I said as I put the suitcase down at the foot of the bed.

I opened the case and took out my assortment of leather straps and leather cuffs and placed them on the bed beside her.  I straddled Antoinette’s back and she lifted her head slightly as I placed a padded leather blindfold over her eyes and secured the buckle tightly behind her head. Picking up my wrist cuffs I placed each wrist into the cuffs and secured them tightly around each wrist. These wrist cuffs had no chain in the middle which forced her wrists tightly together. I picked up one of the leather straps and placed it around her elbows. As I secured the strap Antoinette moved her elbows closer and closer together until they almost touched. I did not want to force them together as she would not be used to this.

Moving down to her ankles I placed each ankle in the ankle cuffs and like the wrist cuffs there was no chain in the middle which forced her ankles close together. Taking another of the leather straps I placed it above her knees and buckled the strap tightly behind her thighs forcing her knees together. I then took a second strap and like the first buckled it tightly just below her knees. I looked down at her mini skirt that had ridden up her thighs exposing a very lacy suspender belt she really looked amazing. It was at this point that I heard the slow buzzing of the vibrating egg. She had already turned it on!

I then took a short chain out of the case which I attached to the rings of the wrist cuffs with a small padlock. I raised her ankles up until they were close to her wrists before attaching the chain to the rings of the ankle cuffs secured it with another padlock forcing her into a tight hogtie. I did not want to push it too far as I was sure this was a completely new and foreign position for her. It was at this point that she let out her first soft slow moan. Just one final piece left as I reached into the case and took out the large red ball gag. I placed the ball on her bright red lips and she opened her mouth letting me place the ball just behind her teeth totally filling her mouth. Using the straps I buckled the gag tightly behind her head. Going one more ring on the gag to ensure it was very secure and the ball was going nowhere.

I sat on my chair in the corner sipping on my wine and waited. Seconds later I heard the first orgasm “oommmgphh.” She was so tightly secured she could not move her body but I could see her tense up as the powerful orgasm hit her. It was not long before the second orgasm hit her. She screamed even a louder “ oommmgphh” into the ball gag. Her face was flushed red and she sucked in air through her nose. I had agreed not to touch her but I slowly stroked her back and moved my fingers gently down the back of her legs. This caused which must have been a third orgasm to hit. I knew I agreed not be touch her but I wanted to see her tiny size 4 feet and those perfect red painted toes again. I removed her high heels and smelt that leather smell that rose from her feet and placed my nose on to her soles. Gently I kissed her feet slowly stroking them.

My erection was out of control at this point as suddenly the fourth orgasm hit which caused her tightly restrained body to shudder and the sucking of air into her nose. I looked down to see a pool of drool collecting on my bed from the tight ball gag. I placed her shoes back on to her feet and sat down and just watched when I noticed that the vibrating egg had been turned off. Sensing that she had had more than enough I unbuckled her ball gag and drool poured out of her mouth and collected on the bed. “Oh my God…..oh my God…..” was all she could say. I slowly unbuckled all of the straps and Antoinette just lay there in a heap not saying anything. I got a cool face cloth from the bathroom and placed it on her forehead. “I just can’t…….”

“Ssshh” I said just relax give it a few moments. “I will go and sit in the lounge and you come through when you are ready” I said as I pecked her on the forehead.

After about 10 minutes Antoinette returned to the lounge still flushed in the face and looking weak. “You ok?” I asked.

“Yes” she said rather sheepishly “I don’t know what to say? I suppose all I can say is thank you and thank you for not taking advantage of me. I was so turned on there was no way I would have stopped you”

“You don’t have to thank me I could not have had a better time you looked amazing.” I said. “I did touch your feet though!” I laughed.

“Well I wish you had played with them for longer!” She said as she kicked off her high heels and sat on the couch next to me placing her feet on my lap. “Please feel free.” I gently massaged her feet as we sat there just relaxing finishing our wine. Eventually it was time to call her a cab and I must say I was very sad to see her leave as she stepped into the waiting cab. I would have loved to have spent the whole night with her.

The next morning I arrived at work to find a letter on my desk. It simply read:

“Thank you for an amazing night which I will always remember. The problem is I am falling for you but I still love my fiancée and want to make it work with him. If I saw you again and you did what you did to me last night I would not be able to stop myself it took all of my effort to just to leave last night. We can only ever be friends but I will never forget that experience with you”

I sent her an email and agreed that the timing was unfortunately wrong for us and thanked her for the trust she showed in me. I worked there another 6 months without anymore incidences and left just before she was due to get married. There was no way I could attend that. I still think about her and have since moved abroad and have lost contact with her.

I often wonder if someday our paths will cross again as there are so many things I still want to try with her…..

The end.
