---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jean
authors:
- Stan
tags:
- M-f
- teen
- bond
- gag
- stuck
- cons
- X
---

I thought I'd relate another bondage experience I had when I was young.
I hope it encourages others to post their stories.

It was three years after my bondage episode with Christie that I got
my next chance to tie up a woman. I was 17 at the time and a lot had happened
in 3 years. My folks got separated, my Mom & I moved into town to live
in a basement suite, and I discovered the beautiful images of bound and
gagged females gracing the covers of men's detective magazines in those
days.

I was dating a delightful 16 year old at the time. Her name was Jean
and she was a tall, athletic red head who loved to try new things. I remember
we both had a late afternoon spare one hot spring day and we had returned
to the suite to kill some time. My Mom was working at a bank so we had
the place to ourselves. We were sitting on the bed in my room just talking
when I had to take a quick bathroom break. When I returned, I found Jean
had discovered my stack of detective magazines. She was staring intently
at the cover of one magazine showing an attractive female bound hand and
foot with a tight gag between her teeth.

She looked up at me and smiling mischievously asked me what it would
be like to be that helpless. I was so taken aback by her question that
all I could manage was a profund response like "I don't know" (Duh!)

Jean, to her credit, was not about to give up, so more directly this
time she commented that it would probably be quite interesting. Then she
dropped the bombshell - "Would you tie me up like this?"

Well, I thought I might explode, but trying hard to be ever so cool,
I responded with something nonchalant like, "Sure, let's give it a try."

Now a basement suite isn't the best place to find a supply of rope so
I had to scrounge for a substitute. Rummaging through my closet I came
across my hockey skates and decided to use their long laces to do the binding.
As I started to undo the laces, Jean sat expectently on the bed. She was
wearing beige short shorts and a bright red short sleeved bloused tied
in a knot below her breasts revealing a bare midriff. She had a good tan
for this time of year and just the thought of tying up this beauty was
starting to make my hands shake.

I finally got the laces free and walked over to the bed. Jean asked
me what she was to do and after only a moment's hesitation, I told her
to lie on her stomach and put her hands behind her back. Quickly she obeyed,
giggling nervously as she stretched out across my bed. I knelt astride
her legs and carefully placed one wrist across the other. Then using one
of the laces, I began to carefully bind her wrists together. As I worked,
Jean tried to peer over her shoulders to see what was happening and she
taunted me that I should make her bonds tight so she couldn't escape.

Of course, I was only too happy to oblige so I worked diligently to
remove any slack, then I finished my handiwork with a knot underneath her
wrists, away from her wriggling fingers. Turning 180 degrees but still
straddling her legs, I pushed them together and began to wrap the second
skate around her bare ankles. After making several coils, I forced the
loose ends between her legs, cinching her bonds tightly with another knot.

Rising from the bed, I stared down at my captive who was testing her
bonds to no avail. She commented how snug they were but when I offered
to loosen them she declined, she was my prisoner after all she remarked.

Satisfied that my girlfriend was tightly bound, I headed for my closet
once again. First, I pulled out the only tie that I owned, then I went
into my bureau and pulled out a rolled up pair of white athletic socks.

Jean asked me what I was doing and matter of factly I replied that since
the girl in the detective magazine was gagged she would have to be as well.
Surprisingly, Jean offered no protest as I climbed back on the bed. Straddling
her once again, I bent forward holding the sock ball in front of Jean's
mouth and told her to open wide.

She immediately complied and as her mouth opened, I wedged the rolled
up socks between her teeth. I pushed them in as deeply as I dared without
making her gag, then I took the tie and pulled it across her mouth to hold
the socks in place. After I knotted it snuggly behing her head, I leaned
forward and asked her if she was comfy. I was happy to get a muffled "mmmpphhhf"
in response.

Sliding off the bed, I told Jean I was going to get a pop and this would
be her chance to try and escape. Deliberately, I took my time returning
so Jean could struggle to her heart's content. Finally, I finished the
pop and not being able to hold back any longer, I returned to my bedroom.
There I found Jean lying on her side, her wrists and ankles still tightly
bound and the gag filling her mouth. Her hair was mussed however and she
was breathing heavily so I knew she had been struggling to free herself.

She looked so inviting lying there helplessly I immediately knew what
I wanted to do. Sitting down beside her, I gently rolled Jean onto her
back. Her eyes were sparkling with anticipation as I gently started to
undo the knot holding her blouse closed.
Now I know the rules for this forum, so let me just say that my actions
confirmed that Jean was wearing no bra. Taking advantage of the situation,
I soon had Jean moaning softly instead of grunting into her gag.

I'm not sure how long I "played" with my captive but clearly I lost
track of the time, because I was suddenly surprised by the sound of the
back door to the house being opened. Momentarily, we both froze then we
heard the sound of steps descending the stairs.

Now I had two doors to my bedroom. One opened out to the stairs and
it was closed. The other opened into our living room and it was wide open.
Knowing my mother would kill me if she discovered Jean half-naked, bound
and gagged on my bed, I bolted for the door and closed it as quickly and
quietly as I could. Barely had I gotten the door closed when I heard the
main door to our suite swing open and my Mom call out "Stan, are you home?"

My heart was pounding in my chest as I croaked out a "Yeah, Mom."

"Well come out here and help me put these groceries away. Then we can
heat up these hamburgers I got at the Dairy Queen and have dinner."

I gulped out an "okay" and raced over to Jean. Her eyes were wide in
alarm like a deer's when caught in the headlights of a car. I reached forward
to start removing her gag but Jean grunted and jerked her head back, signalling
me to work on her hands. I rolled Jean onto her stomach and with shaking
hands began to fumble with the knot binding her wrists. At this point,
I discovered why skate laces are not used for bondage games. During our
fooling around, the knot had constricted and nothing I tried would loosen
it.
Checking her legs, I found the knot there equally impossible to undo.

I was really starting to get worried now and hastily I untied her gag
and pulled the socks from her mouth. Jean's first words were to plead for
me to untie her hands. I told her the knots were too tight and I would
have to cut them loose. How, she asked. I told her we had a pair of scissors
but I would have to get them out of the kitchen.

Just then, my Mom called from the other side of the door - "Hurry up,
we need to put the groceries away."

I yelled back that I was coming. Then I told Jean to try and relax
and I would bring the scissors back as soon as possible. Her eyes were
starting to well up with tears and she told me, her voice cracking, to
come back as soon as possible.

I felt like a heel when I had to leave her there but there was nothing
else I could do. Closing my door behind me, I headed for the kitchen. Mom
tried to make small talk as we put things away, but I was distracted by
the thought of Jean lying in the next room, bound helplessly. When we finished
putting the groceries away, I opened the scissors drawer and took them
out. Mom asked me what they were for and I mumbled something about cutting
an article out the newspaper. I fled back to my room while my Mom called
out that the burgers would be ready in five minutes.

Jean was still lying where I left her, but when she saw the scissors
in my hands a look of relief came over her face. I made sure I closed my
door, then I started to work on the laces around her wrists. I didn't want
to cut the laces because they were brand new so I tried to pry the knot
apart with the pointed end of one blade. I was starting to make some progress
when my Mom knocked on the door, and said dinner was ready. I laid the
scissors down beside Jean and bolted for the door, afraid my Mom might
try to come in.

Again, I had to leave Jean alone only this time it was longer. I hardly
touched my hamburger worrying about Jean in the other room and my Mom asked
me if I was feeling okay. I said I just wasn't hungry and could I be excused.
Mom said okay and I was again hurried back to my room.

This time when I entered my room, I found Jean sitting up, her legs
curled underneath her. In her bound hands she held the scissors I had left
and she was vainly trying to cut through the laces around her ankles. She
looked up at me and I could see the tears in her eyes as she quietly began
to sob. I rushed over to her, took the scissors from her and cradled her
in my arms. The exhilarating rush of a couple hours ago at having my girlfriend
tied up, had been replaced by my guilt at having subjected her to this
bondage. I hugged it tightly saying I was sorry and then I proceeded to
finally cut the laces from her wrists and ankles.

Jean's wrists were deep red and I could see where the laces had rubbed
the top layer of skin off in one spot. I massaged her hands and feet trying
to restore circulation and as I did Jean began to compose herself.

After awhile I snuck Jean out the back door to my room and drove her
out into the country. We talked about what had happened for a long time.
Luckily Jean didn't blame me for what had happened, but she had clearly
been shaken by the ordeal. At the same time she told me at least in the
beginning it had been a strangely exciting experience.

I never got the opportunity to tie Jean up again, we broke up the following
Fall but I will always remember that experience for the lessons it taught
me regarding "playing safe and smart".

2001
