---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Rocky Revisited
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- MF
- mpov
- halloween
- costume
- party
- naked
- group
- sex
- rim
- oral
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-10-28 00:00:00
---

The front of the invitation was black with big red lips angled across the front. In bright red letters that were supposed to look like dripping blood it said, “Let’s celebrate a 50th anniversary Rocky Halloween.”

I had just started a new job in a relatively small, family-run business. There were only about a dozen or so employees in the office and another handful who were on the road or worked from home. I was unsure at first about fitting in because everyone, including my boss, Ralph, Jr, was younger than me.

The Rocky Revisited Halloween Party was his idea. He had discovered this old mansion way the hell out in the middle of nowhere that he could rent for the party and he assured everyone that it was almost identical to the old mansion in the movie. He personally handed me my invitation and said it would be a really good chance to get to know everybody. To make sure that we could all find the place, there were little paper maps as well as GPS coordinates included with the invitation.

Since it was supposed to be a Rocky Horror-themed Halloween Party, and since my first name was Scott, I was going as Dr Scott. Janet, my girlfriend who is a few years younger than me, was going as– what else– Janet Weiss.

Janet had found an old purple skirt and jacket at the thrift store and she borrowed some old style black platform heels from her mother. She already looked enough like Janet Weiss that all it took was a plain matching blouse and a round white hat to complete the transformation. She made sure to wear a white brassiere and white granny panties. “Just in case,” she said. Surprisingly, she had a hard time finding a long, plain white slip.

I had an old wheelchair in my apartment storage area that was there when I moved in. That’s partly what nudged me toward being Dr Scott. The other nudge was the fact that I can’t dance worth a crap and the wheelchair would allow me to coast around the party without having to dance. I hate long-sleeved shirts, but I found a pale blue one at the thrift store. I also found a gray sport coat and a light blue tartan blanket that seemed close enough. I couldn’t find a striped tie to match the one in the movie, so I settled for a gray one with two large black stripes diagonally across it. There were a pair of glasses that almost matched the weird octagonal ones from the movie so I bought them and took out the lenses. I already had a mustache and I had more than enough pens and mechanical pencils to put in my pocket and complete the costume.

Janet said that if I wouldn’t dance then I had to be ready for the “It was great when it all began” scene where Dr Scott rides across the stage kicking his fishnet enclosed legs. Yes, I bought a pair of large, black, satin panties, some black fishnet stockings, and a black garter belt. I wore a pair of sweat pants over my legs on the way to the party, just in case we got stopped by the cops.

At first I thought we had gone down the wrong road. It wasn’t much more than two ruts through the mud. Then we spotted the house. It wasn’t exactly a castle like in the movie, but it was big and had some towers on the corners. There was no giant laboratory on the roof, but the lights were on downstairs and there was a light in the second story window on the front that illuminated a weirdly-shaped dummy in what looked like formal attire. There were even several motorcycles parked alongside the house. What clinched it for me, though, was the large sign that was hung askew on the iron gate. It was just some boards that had been more or less painted white. But badly drawn on the white in dark red paint it said, “ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK.” This was Frank n Furter’s mansion– at least for the night. The only obvious difference was that there was a long wheelchair ramp that zigzagged up to the porch. That solved my quandary of how I was going to get the wheelchair into the house.

I got out the wheelchair and then rolled up onto the porch. Janet only had to help me once when I started to falter on the last section of the ramp. When we were finally up on the porch, Janet rang the bell and stepped back. After what seemed like an inordinately long time, someone in an absolutely fabulous Riff Raff costume opened the door and said in a perfect imitation of Riff’s voice, “Hello.” His voice was almost as dry and squeaky as the door hinges had been.

I held up the invitation and said, “I’m Scott, I’m new at Hapschatt and Son. This is my wife, Janet.”

He stared at us for a long while and then said, “I think you’d better both come inside.”

As soon as we stepped/rolled inside Magenta appeared sliding down the banister. Whoever was dressed as Magenta had it down to a T. The voice, the way she walked, the black dress with the white cap and apron of a housemaid were all perfect. I had no idea who she– or Riff actually was. Maybe they were part of the company that worked from home or something.

After she got off of the banister, she stood next to Riff holding a huge brass gong. Then she slammed the gong with a large mallet and called out in a raspy voice, “All of our guests have arrived! It’s time to do the Time Warp AGAIN!”

A very strong strobe light started flashing and Dr Frank n Furter and Rocky stepped out of a rather good-looking replica of an old fashioned iron elevator. Rocky’s right hand was in Furter’s left as they pranced into the middle of the room. Then Riff started singing, “It’s astounding, time is fleeting, Madness takes its toll.”

The room started spinning. There was an overpowering smell of violets. And suddenly I– and everyone else in the room except Frank– was naked. I still had the fishnet stockings and garter belt on, but other than that I was totally naked. So was Janet. Frank had everything except his panties and his limp manhood flopped around as he danced with a naked Rocky.

A petite, red-headed woman with a golden top hat on– and nothing else– pulled me out of my wheelchair and onto the floor. I tried to stand up, but couldn’t. She pushed me back onto the floor and said, “I’m Columbia. Tonight I will do the moving for both of us.” She then straddled my more than ready manhood and started rocking forward and back like she was riding a horse.

“I…” I sputtered, “I came with Janet.”

Columbia just laughed and pointed across the room. “Janet,” she said still laughing, “is with Magenta.” She laughed again, almost maniacally, and said, “It isn’t important who you came with. What matters is who you will cum with.” She laughed again and said, “And tonight that will be just about everybody.”

I felt myself spurting upward into her cunt. She screamed loudly as she orgasmed, but she didn’t lose control. After a few minutes she settled back down and calmed herself. Then she said in a rather matter-of-fact voice, “You ain’t Eddy, but you’re a good ride. …better than most of the twinks and twats that attend these parties.”

She got up and walked across the room. I don’t know where she was going, but she walked right past Janet and Magenta. Janet had lost the white brassier and granny panties, but she still had on the lavender stockings, white garter belt, and for some reason, the white slip. The slip was bunched up around her hips as Magenta almost violently attacked her twat in a 69 position.

At first Janet was trying not to respond. Then she started panting and moaning. It was a lot longer before she reached up and pulled Magenta’s cunt down against her lips. Magenta wasn’t a real redhead, or maybe she dyed her pubic hair brown, but that is unlikely. A few minutes later I could hear Janet’s muffled voice crying out, “Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God.”

Time began to swirl around me. One minute I was taking Janet from the rear while she sucked Frank’s cock, the next I was tonguing her out while someone speared my asshole with their large– and hot– tongue. Then I was standing next to a lavish bed in which Frank and Rocky consummated their nuptials.

A strange chorus of voices was singing, “It's just a jump to the left. And then a step to the right.”

I found myself on the dance floor standing next to Janet.

We faced each other as the singer wailed out, “But it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane.”

I thrust lewdly at Janet and she thrust even more lewdly at me. Somehow we connected. I felt myself go into her and she jumped and wrapped her legs around my back. I was swinging her and she was leaning back with her hands above her head. Everything became dreamy, almost like we were in another dimension.

Then the floor started to move. It was moving in two different directions at the same time. A large circle in the center of the dance floor was very slowly spinning clockwise while a large ring that took up most of the rest of the floor was spinning counterclockwise. The center circle was covered in a red carpet while the large ring on the outside was a rather tacky-looking black tile like the rest of the floor.

I felt myself falling down on the black tiles close to the inner circle. I could see that Janet and the other women– as well as a few men, including Rocky, had fallen onto their sides on the carpet. Frank was on the black tiles with the rest of the men as well as a few women, including Magenta.

I heard Janet cry out, “Scott! Do me!” Her cunt was right in front of my mouth and I reached out with my tongue. Just as I shifted over and began licking and slurping her overflowing cunt I felt someone close down on my prick. I looked down to see Columbia’s head bouncing up and down on my stiff rod. When I looked up, Janet was sucking wildly on a prick that belonged to a young man who had earlier been dressed as Brad Majors. It was then that I realized that evidently we were all engaged in a giant, circular daisy chain.

The two segments started to move slightly but Frank cried out, “No, no, no. I have found my beautiful creature.” From about the same place, I heard Rocky make some unintelligible moans and groans.

Then everything began spinning in the same direction, clockwise. And it was spinning faster and faster and faster. As it got faster, it was as if the floor was melting away beneath me. We spun faster and faster and faster, and I felt myself spin up into the air clutching Janet’s naked body.

After a few minutes, we spiraled back down onto the grass. Grass?! How could we be on grass? We tried to stand, but the entire world seemed to be shaking. There was smoke and a strange tangy taste in the air. The shaking subsided and Janet and I finally staggered to our feet. We grabbed each other in a tight hug as if it were the end of the world.

Then everything got quiet. The smoke cleared and we looked around. The house was gone. We were standing at the end of a long muddy road that led to a tumbled down wreck of a barn. Janet’s clothing was piled neatly near the car. Mine was folded on the seat of the wheelchair.

We quickly dressed and got ready to leave. As I was putting the wheelchair back into the car, my cellphone rang. The screen said, “Ralph Hapshatt, Jr.” I answered it with “Hello, this is Scott,” and my boss said very firmly, “I thought you were coming to my party!”

“I thought I was, too,” I said apologetically. “We got lost. Can you drop a pin for us to follow?”

“You’re missing a really great party,” he said, “so I hope you can follow this one.”

A pin appeared on my phone’s map just as I was hastily pulling on my sweatpants. We were just half a mile away from where we were supposed to be.

“Did all of that just happen?” Janet asked. There was a touch of fear in her voice.

“Maybe,” I replied. “Or maybe not. But it might be a good idea not to do the time warp at the boss’s party tonight just in case.”
