---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/riding_the_metal_horse.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Riding the Metal Horse
authors:
- Claire
tags:
- Sbf
- attic
- timer
- naked
- chain
- cuffs
- susp
- pegs
- nipple
- torment
- plank
- ice
- pain
- stuck
- 'true'
- con
- X
date: 2004-12-20 00:00:00
---

The metal pony is one of my favourite tortures (see [Riding the Metal Pony](riding_the_metal_pony.html)), balancing on tip toes
until my leg muscles tire and I’m lowered onto the metal chain passing
between the lips of my sex. A choice between the pain in my calf and the
pain deep within me. Never one to rest on my laurels, I had to look for
the next challenge; the metal horse.

We keep all sorts of rubbish in the garage. Two things had caught my
eye. One was a plank, about four feet long, six inches wide and an inch
thick. The other was a wooden pole, two inches in diameter and three feet
long. I hadn’t realised it was raining until I went outside to get them.
The water pooling on the flagstones of the patio was pleasantly cool under
my bare feet, the tarmac of the driveway still held the warmth from the
previous sunshine.

The plank required no modification, the pole needed a small eye bolt
screwed firmly into either end. A matter of only a few minutes. I took
my new toys back inside.

Some preparations had been made the previous night. I’d placed four
plastic beakers of water, about four inches tall, in the freezer, setting
them upright carefully so nothing spilt and the ice would be the same height
in each. A sharp tap removed the ice from the container and I hurried upstairs
before it melted. In the loft my handcuffs hung on a chain from the central
beam, a long chain was fastened round a supporting beam, the other end
lose on the floor, an open combination padlock through the end link. Short
chains and padlocks were placed where they would be easily to hand.

The loft was lit by a single lamp, connected to the power supply through
a timer that could turn the light off for anything between fifteen minutes
and all day. I like the element of chance; between each fifteen minutes
of light there was darkness for at least thirty minutes, but most of the
dial was set for an hour, with a couple of ninety minute periods and one
of two full hours. I set the dial and turned away without looking to see
how long I was going to suffer.

In a few seconds my jeans, shirt and pants were in a pile and I carefully
placed my glasses on top of the heap. Underneath the hanging cuffs I placed
the plank on top of the four cones of ice to make a platform that would
slowly lower to the floor. Before stepping onto it, I took a short chain,
passed it round my left ankle and locked it to the eye at one end of the
pole. I repeated the process at the other end. Now my legs were spread
three feet apart. The chains allowed some flexibility and, having picked
up the loose end of the long chain, I carefully stepped up onto the
wood.

The long chain passed between my legs and then went around the opposite
support. I raised my heels a couple of inches and pulled on the end of
the chain. Once it was taut, with the metal links rubbing gently against
my clit, the combination padlock held it tight. Only now did I realise
that my ball gag was sitting on the floor. Too late now. I hoped the neighbours
wouldn’t hear the screaming.

The light would be going out soon. I took
my nipple clamps, wooden clothes pegs with cross hatches to decrease the
contact area and increase the pressure, from where they had been clipped
onto the long chain and carefully placed each one so that it closed only
on my nipples which, by now were rock hard and standing proud. I managed
to limit the noise to a sharp intake of breath as each bit home, the points
stabbing into my tender flesh. The cuffs were soon closed around my wrists
and I desperately summoned my reserves of self control to stop myself
turning the dials of the combination lock that secured the cuffs to the
chain and releasing myself.

Soon enough, the timer clicked the light off and the loft went dark.
Other than the burning in my nipples, which I could cope with, I was reasonably
comfortable. The chain pressed firmly, but not painfully, inside me. Ice
melts quicker under pressure (I’ll resist the temptation to explain, as
teaching physics is somebody else’s job) so my full weight would cause
me to drop relatively quickly at first, and then as the chain started to
support me, the rate would slow and I may be able to push myself up on
the tips of my toes a few more times until, millimetre by millimetre the
plank dropped away from me and I was truly riding the metal horse.

Was it my imagination or was the chain pressing harder? When I was riding
the pony, my feet were only a few inches apart. With the pole spreading
my legs, the sensation was quite different. Partly the physical difference,
partly that I felt much more vulnerable spread so wide. I tried to shift
my weight a little, but the plank started to feel unstable and I didn’t
want to fall sideways, hanging from the unyielding grip of the metal cuffs.
As much as I’d like to do a full suspension, metal cuffs would cause severe
damage to my wrists. I should invest in some proper, wide, leather cuffs.

Mmmm, suspension sounds fun.

I got the idea for the ice supports from a
story on Gromet’s site about a girl who was into suspension. The loft isn’t
high enough, but the garage has a peaked roof and would be OK. Sexy ideas
to try out and I was hardly feeling the pain until, suddenly my toes left
the plank. I thrashed around but couldn’t find it and the movement drove
the small links deeper into the flesh. Please, please let me down, please.
I couldn’t see through the red haze of pain and I couldn’t tell if I was
whimpering or screaming, all I knew was the chain, cutting me in half.

I retreated inside, viewing the pain as if it was somebody else writhing
on the horse, not me. I gritted my teeth and breathed deeply. Me against
the horse, me against the chain. I won’t let it beat me. I forced my eyes
open. The ventilation gaps let in tiny, inadequate beams of light. I refused
to look at the combination lock. I would not give in, I would complete
my torture, endure until the light came back on and released me from the
torment. Looking down I could see dark pools where the ice had melted and
thought I could make out the squared corner of the plank. I could hardly
make out the chain itself, just a few soft glints at various points along
its length. I was floating, unsupported, a few inches from the ground.
I could take this pain and beat it.

But I couldn’t. I must have leaned forwards and shifted my weight and
a blowlamp lit up inside me. Again I thrashed against the chains to no
avail, calling out for somebody to save me. This time there was no chance
of overcoming the horse and I was beaten.

I hardly noticed the light coming back on. Somewhere, deep down, the
voice of self preservation called. I clutched at the suspending chain with
my left hand and frantically worked the dials with my right. With a click,
the padlock was free but I was not. I was still held several inches from
the ground by the horse, my implacable torturer. Desperately trying not
to shift on the chain, I leaned to the side until my foot touched the wet
boards and I could support my weight, albeit in a perilously unstable way.

I let go of the chain and grabbed for the lock that fastened the horse
in place. Only one dial to turn. Only one digit from freedom. At last the
lock was open and as I slid it from the links, the end of the chain fell
to the ground. It was so deep within me that I took several minutes to
remove it, carefully, gingerly, painfully. Eventually it was gone. The
nipple clamps went next, each accompanied by a muffled cry.

I was desperate to come. I sank down to my knees and put my hands between
my legs, touching myself gingerly. Aaaah, that was sore. Oh no! I had to
find some way of bringing myself to orgasm, but the flesh was raw and there
was no way I could do it right now. I crawled over to the timer. An hour.
Perhaps half an hour while the ice melted, and half an hour riding the
metal horse. And no orgasm! Well, perhaps this was part of the torture.
I’d have to see how I felt after a nice hot bath.

Clare
x
