---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Thanksgiving Secured
authors:
- Gymslipus
tags:
- FF-m
- sbm
- chair
- cd
- costume
- straps
- gag
- cath
- toys
- insert
- voy
- internet
- tease
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2012-10-19 00:00:00
---

My, was I pleased to finish that job. It wasn’t much, just change a ballcock in the attic, but that must have been the filthiest attic I have ever been in. Muck and filth everywhere. By the time I had finished I was black. Still it was Wednesday, two thirty in the afternoon, and I was finished. Tomorrow was Thanksgiving. Four glorious days with nothing to do, but relax. Just as I got back to the van my cell phone rang.

“Andrews plumbing solutions” I answered. The voice at the other end said, “Can you come right away we have a leak!”

I explained that there was an extra charge as it was an emergency callout. “No problem, just come” was the reply.

When I arrived at the address given, it was an office come warehouse sort of place. I went to the front door and found it was locked. I rang the bell and a woman of about 45 to 50 answered it.

“Plumber” I said, “I believe you have a leak”

“Oh thank god you’re here, follow me and I will show you”.

I followed behind the women and we went upstairs to the first floor. As we walked down the passage past various doors I could have swore I heard a small whimper. There was also a red light flashing above one of the doorways. Eventually we came to a door which the women opened and put on the light and then pointed to a radiator with a bowl underneath the pipe. I entered and saw that it was leaking from a compression type tee.

”I dare say I can tighten it up” I said to which the women replied, “Terry tried that and has only made it worse”

“Oh well it that case I will have to freeze the pipes and fit a new fitting. And I am afraid that will add to the cost.”

As I got up from the floor I noticed a chair fitted with enough straps to tie down an army.

“Struth that’s a fair bit of kit” I said pointing to the chair.

“How long will it take to fix the leak” was the only reply I got.

“Hopefully not to long” I said. As we both left the room and I headed back to the van to get my tools etc. The woman asked, “What have you planned for thanksgiving?” I told that I had nothing at all planned, and she wondered why I was not going back to my family for the holidays. I explained that I came to America when I was ten, and that last year both my Mother and Father had returned home to England, and that I had decided to stay on in the U.S. for awhile. “Oh you’re British.” She said.

“Yes” I replied,“So thanksgiving to me just means four days off work.” She then left me to go somewhere else in the building, and I went back to my van.

When I returned to the room, and had set up the freezing system I started to look at the chair in more detail while waiting for the pipes to freeze.

I was just smelling the leather when a voice said, “Slacking on the job I see”. I stood up very quickly, like a school boy who had just been caught.

“No I’m just waiting for the pipes to freeze so I can do the repair”

“Are you into bondage” she asked. I guess I must have turned a bit red. Well there I was a twenty two year old. In front of me was a women of the world. “You do know where you are. Don’t you” she added. I said that I didn’t, and she explained that this was a small film studios that made films about bondage, caning, spanking, in fact just about anything except sex. She then told me that if I finished the job before four o’clock, and if I was a good little boy I could have a play in the chair for a while, if I was that way inclined.

Well to cut a long story short. How I never came in my pants, I just don’t know. But at twenty to four I was at her standing front of her desk and giving her the bill for $320 for fixing the leak. My god I was so excited I was shaking in my boots. She glanced at the bill, and then paid it out of petty cash with out so much as a murmur.

This was a bit unusual as they normally made some comment about the price. Usually about the emergency call out charge. I had also thought that as film studios had loads of cash I would load the bill a bit, and as usual I was right.

After she had paid me I just stood there.

She looked back up and said, “Is there anything else?” I said that it was before four o‘clock, and a broad smile came over her face. “So you really want to try out that chair!” “Yes please” I squeaked. I was so excited that my voice had left me.

“Well” she said, “you really are filthy, I think that perhaps you should have a shower first” I explained about my last job on the way to the shower. I didn’t want her to think that I was a bum.

When we got there, she gave me what could have been a pillow case, and told me to put my dirty clothes in there. She then told me to go to the toilet first, and to make sure I went both ends. It appeared it was company policy. As she said there was nothing worse then just getting started on a shoot when someone says. “Ohh I must go to the toilet”. It ruin’s any atmosphere and also holds up the shooting.

Just before she left she asked me if there was anything that I would like to wear. I just didn’t know what to say. I just stammered Er Er. But she looked at me and said. “Just tell Aunty Jane your fantasies.”

Well she seemed so kind and I just let it all out. “I have a pair of handcuffs and a pair of thumb cuffs, and I love dressing as a schoolgirl.”

“There isn’t that better. Now I bet you like a short skirt with a skimpy blouse?”

I then told her that I had a plaid jumper with a blouse and a cross over tie.

She just smiled and said, “Go to the toilet and get showered”.

By now I was so excited, and also so scared that when I went to the toilet I really wet myself and also could not stop going from my rear end. As I sat there I did not think I would ever stop. I also just wanted to play with myself. But I knew that if I did it would ruin the whole experience. After I had, had my shower I picked up a lovely soft towel and wrapped it around myself. I then picked up my pillow case with my dirty clothes, and made my way back to the room with the chair in it. When I got there Jane was standing outside.

“Now Andrew I hope you don’t mind, but I have had a couple of cameras rigged up in the room. I thought that you might like a DVD of your time in there. Also I have laid a schoolgirls uniform out for you. I have pinned up the skirt of the jumper at the back, because if you sit on it you will not be able to do up some of the straps around your thighs because the skirt is over them. Also I am afraid that we do not have any panties, because the girls always provide their own. It’s a hygiene precaution. Also they don’t like wearing a pair of panties that someone else has worn.“ She then opened the door and said “It’s all yours, and please don’t flash your Willie at the camera Trust me it will only make you look sad.”

When she had finished talking, I then pointed out that my name was Ashley not Andrew. “Oh“ she said, “I thought that from the way you answered the phone that it was your business.”

I told her that it was my own business and that Andrews is my surname. “Well at least we got that sorted out. And Ashley’s such a nice name. Now you go in there and have a bit of fun.”

Well trust me I didn’t need telling twice on that score, and I then entered the room. Jane closed the door behind me, and I imagined that I was trapped in the room.

As Jane walked away I heard her say. “Try not to break it.” followed by a little laugh. In the room once more I had a quick look round. The chair was on the left as you walked into the room. On the right was the radiator where I had repaired the leak. In front of it, two cameras had been set up. One quite high looking down on the chair. The other camera was lower down. I guess this was set up at about the height of the top of the chair. There was a window set quite high up in the room, but this had heavyweight curtains pulled across it.

Looking at the chair, a stand with a couple of shelves, one quite low, the other level with the chair itself, had been set up next to the chair. On the top shelf I could see a school uniform. I took the uniform down and placed it on the chair. Firstly I put on the blouse. This had long sleeves and a peter pan collar. Next I put on the tie, followed by the white knee high socks. I then picked up the main garment. This was a very nice plaid schoolgirl’s jumper. It had a pleated skirt and a bib type front and back. I could see that the rear of the skirt had been pinned up to the shoulders of the rear bib. I slipped it over my head and let it gently fall into place. I then done up the button on the skirt, and pulled up the zip just below the button to finish of getting dressed. I felt like having a quick prance around. But remembering what Jean had said about waving my Willie in front of the camera, I thought better of it.

I then turned my attentions to the chair. I pulled at one or two of the straps and realised that they were well and truly fixed in place. No way were they going to budge, or yield. The chair itself was made from what looked like mahogany. There was no padding on it and the bottom had solid sides all around, which extended up to the arms of the chair. I pulled the straps out of the way and sat down in the chair. As my butt hit the chair, the cold wood seemed to send a shiver right through my body. Not knowing how long I had in the chair, I decided not to hang about.

Firstly the two ankle straps were fitted. Then I fitted the two straps just below the knees. This was followed by two straps just above the knees and two straps at the top of the thighs. Then there was a belt around the waist. As I fitted the waist strap I yet again made sure I was sitting right at the back of the seat. This was followed by two straps that came up over my shoulders and were attached to the waist belt. There were two small straps that came from the back of the seat and secured the shoulder straps. I managed to do these up but could not get them as tight as would have liked, as I was unable to get any real leverage due to the position of the buckles.

The last belt went across one’s chest. It also had two loops at the side of the chair that I put my arms through, and when all was tightened held not only my torso to the back of the chair. But also my upper arms on my biceps as well. This just left my wrists loose. On each arm of the chair by my wrists were two sets of straps. One set had a buckle and the other set were just loops about four inches high off the arm of the chair. I gave one of the loops a pull but I just seemed fixed to the chair.

I then realised that you could put one wrist through the loop and do up the strap with the buckle on one side, and just put my other wrist through the loop and if you raise your wrist it will still feel like you a fully secured into the chair. And that is exactly what I did. I put my left hand through the loop, and secured my left wrist with the strap with the buckle. I then put my right hand through the loop and slowly raised my forearm till my wrist came into contact with the looped strap. I closed my eyes and imagined that I was fully secured and started to thrash about in the chair. I don’t think that I have ever been more sexually excited in all my life.

As I strained and pulled at my bonds there was a sudden bang. Oh shit I thought, I’ve broken something. I stopped struggling and totally relaxed, and at the same time my right wrist was slammed into the armrest as the loop disappeared into the armrest. I had obviously released a catch that held the leather loop in place, and now a powerful tension system had pulled it tight against my wrist. Now I really did struggle. I pulled twisted strained and swore. But I was stuck where I was, and going nowhere.

Well I guess I was there for about half an hour, when the door opened, and Jane walked in. In that time I had sat and tried to study my bondage. I had worked out the loop holding my wrist was not that tight against me. But I held me firmly in the chair. There was obviously a locking device that tensioned the loop, but also when set would not release. But gave enough tension that it would hold, but not cut off any blood supply.

Anyway Jane walked in and said “Oh Dear what do we have here,”

Being up for the game, I replied, “Can you please help me I seem to be stuck.”

Jane then walked over and put her hand up my skirt, and started to massage my thigh. As she did so her knuckles brushed against my cock. Then her mouth clamped against mine and she started kissing me, her tongue probing my mouth. I responded with mine. She then stopped and whispered in my ear. “Would you like to stay here for thanksgiving?” I think if she had said would you like a lethal injection the reply would have been the same, “Yes please” Now what went through my brain was that here I was, a twenty two year old male. Still a virgin and here was this woman who wanted to play with me. If I don’t lose my cherry now I never will.

I wasn’t my fault I was still a virgin. The trouble was that when I found a nice girl, she was a nice girl, and wouldn’t do that sort of thing.

Jane stood up and said, “See you soon!” What I did not realise was that as she was saying this, she was doing up the other cuff over my wrist. She then gave me another kiss with her tongue probing my mouth, then said, “Trust me this will be a thanksgiving up will never forget,” She then pulled on the other loop, and the bang that followed awoke me out of my trance. “Just tidying up” She said, and then let the loop go. It shrunk into the chair making sure that I was there for the duration. Jane left the room and closed the door I was left alone in the room firmly secured in my chair. Yet again I struggled. But I was still going nowhere.

I do not know how long I sat there, anything from twenty five minutes, to an hour, but eventually Jane came back in the room. As she came in I could see she was pulling a largish trolley behind her. “Hi Honey” she said, and parked the trolley next to me. The first thing she did was to take a bib from the trolley and tie it around my neck. She then told me to open my mouth. I did so willingly, expecting her to stuff a gag in my mouth. But instead she looked in my mouth and said what nice teeth I had. She then delved into the trolley and bought out a tooth brush, tooth paste, a glass and a bottle of water. She then done the necessary, and started to clean my teeth. Well I have wondered but was this something really erotic. Anyway, after she had cleaned them, she lathered me up and gave me a shave.

Now I had spent ages trying to get the stubble look. The trouble was that I did not need to shave more that about once a week, so it had taken ages to get there. Even then it was little more than bum fluff. When Jane had finished shaving me, she stood back and told me that I scrubbed up well, and even looked human now. The next thing to come out of the trolley was a face mask with a tube sticking out of it. Well it was not so much a mask, as it only really covered mouth and chin. It had what looked like a horses head harness arrangement. Jane offered the mask to my mouth and as my mouth was slightly open the tube went straight into my mouth. She then proceeded to do up the strap that went around my head. A further two straps ran from the top of the mask, up either side of my nose. This then went over the top of my head and she secured it to the strap behind my head. A further strap went from the chin piece, and this was also secured behind my head.

I was surprised to find that the tube only just went in my mouth by about an inch. She then took what looked like a large whisky flagon out of the trolley, and placed in on the top shelf next to the chair. This flagon looked like it held about two gallons. She then connected a tube between the tube in my mouth piece and the flagon. “Now Ashley if you feel thirsty or hungry, then you just suck on your tube. The liquid inside will come over the top of the container and will syphon into your mouth. When you have had enough just blow the liquid back over the top and it will stop! Can you try that for me?”

I sucked on the tube and with in a few seconds there was a liquid in my mouth. It tasted of bananas. Up till then I didn’t realise just how thirsty I was. So I just drank and drank. Jane even got a little worried, but when I had had my fill I blew back up the tube and the liquid ceased to flow. I don’t know what was in the liquid but it was sweet with that banana taste Very pleasant indeed.

“Do you know what the Hydra is” Said Jane. Now I remembered that Mr Gibbons over classics master in my prep school in England use to read to us Greek myths. “I believe it was a five headed monster in Greek legend“ I replied. I found that the tube ibn my mouth made me sould like I had a lisp And the leather covering my mouth muffled my speech.

“Oh so that’s where Terry got the name from! Well this toy is one of Terry’s designs. I’m sure you will enjoy it!” And with that Jane opened a box, and inside were five stainless steel dildos.

“Now these are self lubricating dildos. It’s a very simple design, so I’ve been informed, but it’s a bit beyond me. As you can see they are all marked for their size. From one inch up to three inches in half inch steps.” And with that Jane took out the smallest and unscrewed the top. She then went to the trolley and took out a canister with a dispensing plunger on top. “Now these are quite a novel design, or so I am led to believe. I fill the cylinders up with lubricant like so” and as she said this, she pushed the plunger down and something came out of the dispenser and filled the dome like end of the dildo. “Now inside is a plunger and as the dildo goes up, when it meets a resistance, I.E. your arse. The plunger moves up one thousand of an inch upwards, expelling a small amount of lubricant. Now this is the best bit” Jane then screwed the top back on, and then unscrewed the bottom. “The bottom is also filled with lubricant, and when the dildo has travelled a set distance upwards the plunger this end moves down and also expels the lubricant.”

“Hi Jane” said a voice. Jane looked up put down the dildo. ”Ruth” she said, and got up an rushed to the doorway. There was a certain amount of kissing and cuddling. I looked at this new women Ruth. She had a nice body, a lovely smile and bright eyes. But apart from that some people would have said she was plain, even ugly. But I was bitten by love at first sight.

Jane bought Ruth over and said. This is Ashley; Ashley is English so we had better introduce you properly. Ashley this is Ruth my sister. Ruth this is Ashley”. Ruth said, “Hi there”

I said “Will you marry me!” I am not to sure if Ruth understood what I had said, but she gave me a funny sort of look. Will you marry me was my favourite chat up line. Hopefully the girl would reply, “But I don’t know you!” Which gave me, the chance to ask her out.

”I got here as fast as I could, when I got your message” Said Ruth.

Yes I thought, two women to play with. Ashley you have fallen right on your feet here. ”and I need the bathroom badly” Continued Ruth. “Second door on the left, and can you wee into this?” and Jane passed Ruth a large jug. By the time Ruth had returned, Jane was just finishing filling the third dildo. Jane took the jug from Ruth and reaching in the trolley pulled out a bag of sugar and some milkshake flavouring. She then put a large spoonful of milkshake flavouring and a large spoonful of sugar, into the jug of piss. This was then stirred and she then removed the stopper from the flagon and poured the piss into the flagon “Just topping you up” She said. I was not sure whether it was the thought that I had possibly drunk banana flavoured piss or the thought of why would she want to top up the flagon. But I now felt a bit queasy.

“Right Jane what would you like me to do?” Said Ruth.

“Can you fit Ashley’s catheter for me” replied Jane.

“Oh I just love fitting catheters” and with that Ruth went over to the trolley and pulled out three packages. Ruth pulled a small table over and laid out the items in front of me. She then lifted my skirt, and gave a small gasp of surprise. She looked at her sister and whispered, “It’s a boy!” Ruth then put on her hands a pair of surgeons gloves She then squeezed a brown substance into a dish, dipped a small piece of cotton wool into the substance and rubbed it around the end of my penis. She then took the catheter out of its packaging and inserted a hypodermic syringe into the end of it and inflated the bulb in the catheter. She then deflated the bulb and lubricated the catheter, then slowly started to insert it in my penis. This caused my penis to shrink to next to nothing. Ruth looked at it shrinking and just laughed.

Jane in the meantime had finished filling the dildos, and had opened a panel door in the base of the chair, and I could hear she was busily fitting them to something. It was a really weird, yet not too painful experience having a catheter fitted, even through my penis had shrunk to the size of a walnut. Then all of a sudden there was a sharp sensation, in a place I cannot describe. It made me gasp for air. Then all of a sudden it has passed, but boy did I feel like I needed to go to the toilet. Ruth then put in the syringe and said, “Yell if this hurts” I felt nothing. Ruth than disappeared down by the side of the chair. “I’ve connected up both bags is that ok Jane” “Fine” was the reply, “and when you’ve finished there you can check on the straps and make sure they are all secure”.

Whilst Jane was still fiddling under the chair, Ruth checked all the straps. She soon found the loose straps over the shoulders, and tightened them up. “Anything else?” Ruth asked.

“Yes you can give me a hand to position the Hydra!” After a while and a few funny noises, Jane said “Right that should be ok” and I heard an electric motor start up. It then stopped and Jane said, “Opps nearly forgot the lube.” Soon a well lubricated finger was pushing its way up my back passage. “My, what a lovely tight button hole! I think we will need some extra lube here!” and with that another dose was pushed up my arse.

Then the electric motor started again and I felt a very small slim object enter my arse, “Right that’s aligned ok. Now, Set position one. And we press yes.” Then the motor started again, “I think four inches will be enough.” and I felt the pencil like object travel even deeper into me. “Fine, Set position two. Good. I think that’s us just about done. Just the goodbye’s to say”

I heard this and screamed, “Goodbye what do you mean?”

Whilst it was muffled Jane heard me alright. “Oh honey you didn’t think we were staying here did you. No Ruth came over to pick me up and we are both travelling to our folk’s house in Connecticut, for thanksgiving. Why the whole family will be there.”

I really started to struggle against my bonds then.

“But don’t worry your pretty little head, you won’t be alone.” And with that Jane pulled back the curtains on the window. Only there was not a window there but a TV monitor. Jane then picked up a remote control for the TV. “Now we have four cameras going out on our four pay to view channels. You can see them all at once, but not so large.” And with that Jane pressed a button and only one camera was shown. “Now this is camera one, and you will like this bit. Is there anyone on camera one?”. And with that the picture went up and down like some one was nodding. “You see some lucky viewer has control over camera one for five minutes”.

At the time camera one was showing a close up of my face. I tried to turn my face away, and Jane said. “Oh no you don’t.” And with that she got three straps out of her trolley and fixed them to the chair by my head. Then she and Ruth secured one to the top of my head harness, and one on either side by my cheeks. “Now as I was saying. This camera is in the control of one of our viewers, they can pan left, right, up and down. They can also zoom in and out. If you look in the top left hand corner, you can see the total of viewers that are watching. Now as you will not be able to use the remote, I will set it so that you have a slide show of the channels. Camera two shows you in your chair Camera three shows the Hydra, and camera four is a close up of your arsehole.”

By now tears were rolling down my cheeks. Partly in frustration and partly in humiliation. Jane then came over and kissed me on my forehead. As she pulled away she whispered, “Well I have to pay for the leaky pipe somehow.”

Ruth also came over and did the same. “Yes I will” was all she said. Both then left the room and closed the door. As they went down the passage way there was the sound of laughter receding.

Well I sat there in total frustration. I had lost my hard on. The women I had hoped to shag had gone, and there were a load of perverts watching me.

Then I heard an electric motor come to life. At the same time the TV screen went from camera two to camera three. This showed the Hydra machine underneath me. It was weird as I watched the pencil like rod come out of my arse. Because I could feel it happening as well as watching it happen. I then watched as the turn table holding the other five dildos started to turn. When the first dildo came into the place where the rod was, the turn table stopped. Then I watched as the stainless steel marauder made its way upwards to invade my arse.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=380.0)
