---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Summer Job
authors:
- Albarez9
tags:
- MF-f
- transform
- mermaid
- mast
- sex
- slave
- trick
- cons
- nc
- X
date: 2025-05-31 00:00:00
---

#### **Endings**

It was a peaceful Friday evening. Most of the students had already gone home for the semester, which meant that the campus was extremely quiet. The usual hustle and bustle of student life was nonexistent at this time of the year. Jessica Green was lounging on her bed, talking with her friend and flatmate Cory Fox. It was late May and the end of the academic year.

For most students, the thought of the summer holidays was fantastic as it meant not having to do assignments and exams, instead relaxing at home with their family. However, the thoughts of returning home to her family in the Bronx in New York was egregious for Jessica Green. Her family was dysfunctional and a constant source of stress for Jessica. Her mother was unemployed and a narcissist, and her father was an alcoholic who was never around, not to mention her drug-addicted older sister.

Jessica’s top grades earned her a scholarship to a Los Angeles university, which delighted her as she could escape the chaos of her family. Jessica was studying psychology in LA and was thoroughly enjoying the course. She suspected that had more to do with being away from her family than the actual course content, but regardless, she had never been happier than she had been the past year.

She was excelling both academically and socially. Her grades were fantastic, and she was enjoying the LA dating scene. She had a date every few days, but she was highly selective about who she would date. Jessica was a beautiful nineteen-year-old woman. She was of average height with a thin body. She had shoulder length black hair and deep brown eyes that drove men crazy.

“I’m so fucked!” said Jessica aloud as she stared up at the ceiling of her dorm room. Wooden floors, white walls, and two single beds simply decorated the room. There was one window from which the Los Angeles skyline could be seen.

“It’ll be okay, Jessica,” said Cory from the opposite bed. “We will figure something out. There must be a way you can get a job for the summer.” Cory’s parents were rich lawyers who had funded her accommodation for the Summer as her parents were away in Europe working a high-profile legal case.

“There are no summer jobs available,” said Jessica dejectedly. “I’ve tried restaurants, hotels and call centers, but no one will take on a sociology student for the summer. I would do literally anything for work. I just can’t return home to my family.” There were a few minutes of silence before Cory finally spoke.

“There could be something,” Cory said as she sat up in the bed. Cory was a tall, blonde-haired woman, twenty years old and was also studying in LA. “I was out at a party last week, and one of my friends said that there was a famous Hollywood director’s agent out scouting for a woman to work at his house for the summer.”

“Why didn’t you say this before?” asked Jessica incredulously as she sat up in her bed. “I said I’d take any work that I can get. Why were you holding out on me, girl?” asked Jessica teasingly.

“To be honest, it doesn’t sound real. Apparently, the director wants to hire a woman to dress up as a mermaid for the summer and lounge around in his pool. I mean, first, that is some kinky ass shit, and second, no way that is legit,” laughed Cory.

“Do you have a contact number for the job?” asked Jessica. This could be the perfect opportunity for her. The director would surely pay well, and the job would allow her to remain in LA for the entire summer holidays until next semester started.

“Girl, did you not listen to a word I just said?” asked Cory in disbelief. “This could be some sick, weird Hollywood bullshit. I don’t want you getting involved in it. Just forget I said anything.”

“Cory, please, I’m begging you!” pleaded Jessica as she jumped up off her bed and ran over to her friend. “I need this job more than you could ever know. I can’t go home to my family. You do not know how toxic they are!” Cory studied Jessica carefully before reaching into her bedside locker and fishing out a business card.

“Okay Jessica, just promise me you will be careful,” said Cory with concern in her voice. “You’re my best friend and I want nothing bad to happen to you, especially if it’s my fault.” Jessica accepted the card and hugged her friend tightly.

“Thank you Cory, I’ll take care of myself. Don’t worry, I’m a big girl,” Jessica said. She got off Cory’s bed and studied the business card. It listed a Mr. Calvin Burton and a phone number. “I’ll be back in a few minutes. I’m just going to give the number on the card a call.”

“Good luck, girl,” wished Cory to her friend as Jessica left the dorm room and went into the cramped kitchen they shared. The kitchen was extremely clean. Both women were very neat and tidy and liked to keep the apartment that way, too.

Jessica dialed the number and waited patiently for the call to connect. Eventually, she heard a voice at the other end of the phone.

“Hi, this is Calvin. How can I help you today?” asked the pleasant voice on the phone.

“Hey there, my name is Jessica. I’m ringing about the, eh, mermaid opportunity? My friend gave me your business card and told me you were looking for someone for a summer job,” said Jessica, realizing how ridiculous she sounded on the phone.

“That’s fantastic!” replied Calvin. “Now, there is just one little thing that I have to take care of before we begin. I gave out quite a few of those cards to women I thought might be suitable candidates for the job. You mentioned you got your card from a friend. I hate to sound insensitive, but I will require a photo to see what you look like. Appearances are very important in my business. I’m sure you can oblige. If you wouldn’t mind just sending me a selfie now while we are on the call together, I’ll let you know if you are suitable.”

“Yeah, okay. I can do that now,” said Jessica as she placed her phone in front of her and selected her camera app. She supposed it was important that the agent knew what she looked like before he would offer her the role. She supposed he was screening her, like any job interview.

Jessica made the cutest face she knew how to, saved the photo and sent it to the agent. She was slightly nervous as she waited for his reply. Jessica knew she was objectively a beautiful woman, but beauty was in the beholder’s eye she knew.

“You are stunning,” said Calvin after a minute. “You are one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen, and that is saying something as I’m a Hollywood agent, and some actresses I represent are solid tens. Let me guess, you are an aspiring actress yourself?” asked Calvin.

“No, no,” replied Jessica quickly. “I’m a sociology student studying here in LA. I’m originally from New York, but I don’t want to go back there for personal reasons.”

“Sociology, well that’s different to the profile of the people I usually work with,” laughed Calvin. “You must be intelligent to study that,” Calvin said, complimenting her.

“I try,” laughed Jessica. “So, this job. What exactly does it entail?”

“To be honest with you, Jessica, I have little more information than what you have already heard. A famous movie director, whom you’ll meet soon, tasked me with recruiting a woman for a summer job. The job in question involves, from what he said to me over the phone, being a mermaid. I assume you will have to dress up some mermaid prosthetics for the summer and lounge around his pool in the Hollywood Hills. Doesn’t sound too bad, eh?” said Calvin.

“It sounds too good to be true,” replied Jessica. “Unfortunately, I really need this job, so if you are happy to recommend me to the director, I will certainly take the job.”

“Excellent, Jessica. I’m happy to choose you as the candidate for the job,” said Calvin. “Excellent, Jessica. Minimum wage is the salary for this job, and the director requires you to live at his house for the contract period.”

“Money is not an issue to me,” said Jessica. “I’m more interested in having somewhere to stay for the summer, so this is perfect for me. When can I meet with the director?” asked Jessica.

“Let me just check his calendar, one second,” said Calvin. “Okay, would tomorrow morning be okay for you? I know it’s short notice, but the director is keen to get this in motion as soon as possible.”

“That’s fine with me,” said Jessica. “Just text me the time and place and I’ll be there,” promised Jessica.

“Okay,” said Calvin. “That concludes our business then. My part of the job is done, so I won’t be seeing you again. I’ve messaged the director and told him you are coming to visit him tomorrow. Hopefully, he will hire you. I’ve given you a glowing recommendation. Good luck, Jessica!”

“Thank you, Calvin,” said Jessica as she ended the call. She hugged the phone to her chest for a moment as she felt relief wash over her. She was so close to getting a job for the summer, and that meant that she wouldn’t have to suffer alone in her parent’s house for months.

“How did it go?” asked Cory as she entered the kitchen. “I heard you stop speaking on the phone, so I knew it was safe to come out,” she said.

“Fantastic!” replied Jessica. “I really vibed with the agent, and he was so nice. I have an interview tomorrow at the director’s house. If the director is happy to hire me, then I’m in business!” laughed Jessica.

“That’s great, Jess,” said Cory. “I’m sure you’ll do fine tomorrow. Just remember, if you feel uncomfortable with this director, please just call me and I’ll come and collect you in my car.” Cory was the only woman in the house who had a driver’s license. Jessica couldn’t afford to pay for lessons, let alone a car.

“Thanks, girl,” replied Jessica as she sat down at the kitchen table. “I will live at the director’s house as well for the summer. Will you promise you will call up to see me every week?”

“Jess, you’re going to be wearing a mermaid’s tail and a seashell bikini in some rich Hollywood type’s garden. You will look utterly ridiculous, and I wouldn’t miss the opportunity to give you shit over it for the world,” said Cory jokingly.

“Thanks for the encouragement,” said Jessica sarcastically as she smiled at her friend. “The job should be simple, but it is really going to fuck up my dating life if I have to live with the director. I won’t get laid all summer,” Jessica joked.

“Well, at least you won’t have to deal with your batshit parents,” said Cory. “I’m glad you are staying here over the summer. Truth be told, I would have missed you terribly if you had gone home.”

“Thanks, girl,” said Jessica. “I would have missed you too. You are like a sister to me. My biological sister was never there for me growing up, but you have done more for me over the past few months than she ever did. And for that, I’m so grateful.”

“Stop, girl. You are going to make me cry,” said Cory as she wiped her eyes. “I really hope that the director hires you, Jessica. I really want things to work out for you. You deserve a chance to be happy like everyone else.”

Jessica agreed with Cory. She wanted to be happy and desperately hoped that the director would hire her for the summer, even if the exact nature of the work that she would do was illusive to her at the moment.

#

#### **The Hills**

The following morning, Jessica and Cory set off on their journey to the Hollywood Hills in Cory’s old blue Nissan. Jessica enjoyed the warmth and the sunshine on her face as they drove to the director’s house. Calvin had messaged her the location of the mansion last night. She couldn’t believe the luxurious houses that she was passing as they drove. Never had she seen such wealth in her entire life.

After about twenty minutes, they reached their destination, and the mansion before them astonished both women. Cory had parked outside the mansion, and high, gray walls surrounded it. However, the second floor was still visible and impressive as it dominated the skyline.

“Wow, girl,” said Cory. Is this where you are going to be living for the summer? Not going to lie, but I’m really jealous right now. That mansion must be worth like thirty or forty million dollars, from the looks of it.”

“I’m a little nervous,” admitted Jessica. “What if the director doesn’t like me? Then I have to go home for the summer. I couldn’t bear that. I need this interview to go well for me.”

“Don’t worry,” said Cory as she reached across and placed a hand on her shoulder. “You will do great! I’m sure the director will love you. You are smart, sweet, and sexy. What’s not to love about you?”

“Thanks, girl,” said Jessica as she sighed and opened the passenger door and exited the car. “I’ll call you later if I’m successful,” said Jessica, walking towards the gate. Cory honked the horn at her as she drove away.

Jessica took a deep breath as she settled her nerves. She stood outside the gate and pressed the button next to it and waited for someone to answer. Jessica heard a voice after a few seconds.

“Who is this?” asked the voice from the speaker.

“This is Jessica Green. I’m here for a prospective job interview. I was told to be here at nine am sharp,” said Jessica. She heard a clicking noise, and the gate slowly opened in front of her.

Jessica passed through the gate and heard it close behind her. She found herself in a small courtyard that was paved. There was a garage to her immediate right, with shrubbery growing on top of it, adding a pleasant and natural feeling to the space.

She continued through the side entrance to the mansion, which was covered with artificial grass. The second floor of the house towered over Jessica, amazing her. The mansion was open plan, and there were no doors downstairs, allowing her to walk straight into the living room.

There was a fireplace directly opposite her, which was surrounded by marble. Immediately in front of her was a mahogany table and chairs, with a piano to her let. Jessica walked over to her right and saw there was a large infinity pool that ran along the length of the house. The view of Los Angeles from here was breathtaking, so much so that she didn’t hear two men approaching.

“Miss Green,” said a voice from behind her. Jessica turned and immediately recognized the man who was speaking to her. It was none other than Garret Glover, one of the most renowned Hollywood directors of the industry. She was a huge fan of his.

Garret had on black pants and a blue shirt; he wore a purple blazer over the shirt. Sporting black hair and stubble, he was slightly overweight. He wore large, black-framed glasses. Beside him was a young blond-haired man in a black business suit pulling a trolley cart behind him.

“Oh my God,” blurted out Jessica. “You are Garret Glover!” she said excitedly. Jessica couldn’t believe she was meeting someone this famous and well known. She had figured it might be an obscure director of some independent movie.

“Miss Green,” replied Garret. “The pleasure is all mine. May I call you Jessica?” asked the director.

“Absolutely,” said Jessica as she smiled at him, careful to flash all her perfect teeth. She calmed herself down and remembered that she had a job to do here.

“It’s quite the view here, isn’t it?” asked Garret as he stood beside her. “It’s my favorite thing about living here, the view. I can see the bustling city, but yet I’m here in my private little slice of heaven.”

“I totally understand that, Mister Glover. I have a crappy little apartment that I share with my friend in the city. This is something else compared to it,” said Jessica, admiring the view.

“Please, call me Garret,” said the director as he walked over to the table. He pulled out a seat for himself and one for Jessica. The man in the business suit sat opposite Jessica. She did not know why the other man was here.

“So Calvin gave me a glowing recommendation for you, Jessica. You must have really charmed my agent. I understand you are looking for a summer job to stay in LA whilst your university course is on hiatus? Is that right?” asked Garret.

“Yes, Garret,” replied Jessica. “I have personal reasons for wanting to do so, but suffice to say that I will take any work that you have. I’m really interested in this opportunity, Garret.”

“Well Jessica, you seem like a charming young woman, and you have already impressed me with your politeness. Most of the women who have interviewed have been actresses with no manners on them. I would like to offer you the job. However, whilst I am happy to hire you, you may not be comfortable with the terms of the contract,” said Garret.

“I’m okay with dressing up as a mermaid for the summer, Garret,” said Jessica. “And I don’t mind living in your mansion either. It would be my pleasure.”

“I understand that’s what you have heard, Jessica. However, that is not the complete picture. I’m not just looking for a woman to dress up as a mermaid … I’m looking for an actual mermaid,” started Garret. “Stephen here is from a company that I have some shares in. The company is called “Hollywood Dreams”, and they have helped with some of my films in the past by doing special effects work. However, they have also developed novel genetic engineering technologies that allow them to change a person into a human hybrid, and in this case, a mermaid,” said Garret excitedly.

“I don’t understand,” replied Jessica as she glanced at Stephen. “Even if that were possible, why are you looking for a mermaid?”

“Very astute, young lady,” said Garret. “Truth be told, the mermaid is for my son. My son is twenty years old and has owned a pet cat for the last fifteen years; he was extremely attached to it. He is extremely depressed, and therapy isn’t helping him. I was watching the old Splash movie recently, and the thought popped into my head … why not give him a sexy mermaid for his birthday, that will cheer him up!”

Jessica couldn’t believe what the director was telling her. She wasn’t sure she believed it was possible to turn her into a mermaid, but she supposed it was no harm to indulge him.

“Okay,” said Jessica, throwing her hands up in the air. “I have a question, but let’s do it,” she said with a grin on her face. She watched as Garret’s face lit up with excitement.

“What is your question?” asked Garret as he gestured for Stephen to produce the contracts that Jessica figured she would have to sign.

“If you can turn me into a mermaid, can you turn me back to a human female once the summer is over?” asked Jessica. She didn’t mind being a mermaid for the summer, but she wanted to continue her own life when the semester started back.

“Of course,” said Stephen, joining the conversation. “Our systems will store your original genetic code, and we can revert you to your old self after the summer.”

“Okay, well, that’s all I wanted to know, so what next?” asked Jessica.

“We just need you to sign this contract,” said Garret as he passed her a lengthy document. Jessica opened it and skimmed through the document.

“Should I get a lawyer for this?” asked Jessica. She wasn’t used to reading legal documents, and she was slightly worried about signing a document without a lawyer present.

“I don’t mean to rush you, Jessica, but if you decide to hire a lawyer, we could get caught up in administration and bureaucracy, which I’d rather avoid. If lawyers get involved, I may have to reconsider hiring you,” said Garret.

“No, we don’t need lawyers,” said Jessica hurriedly. “I will sign now.” Jessica was desperate to do anything but return to her parents for the summer, and she trusted Garret. He was a famous director after all. Jessica scrawled her signature across the document and handed it back to Garret.

“Excellent,” said Garret as he took the document and walked over to a safe in the wall and stored in the safe. He then walked back over and took his seat at the table. “Stephen, please set up the equipment.”

“What happens now?” asked Jessica. “Like, how do you turn me into a mermaid?”

“Well, I don’t know how to phrase this next part, but I need you to take off your clothes. The procedure will only work if the subject is naked,” said Garret, clearly embarrassed. “I should also mention that you will be naked for the next three months. I’m sorry, but we want to admire what we have paid for.”

“Sure,” laughed Jessica. “I don’t mind being nude. This could actually be fun.” Jessica stood up and pulled her white t-shirt over head and threw it on the floor. Then she unclipped her white bra, exposing her pert A-cup breasts. Then she slipped out of her black denims and shoes, leaving only her panties, which she then stepped out of showing her shaved pussy.

Jessica saw both men were watching her strip with hunger in their eyes. She enjoyed the power that she felt over the two men as she stood their nude in the room.

“Are you two going to gawk all day, or what?” Jessica teased. She put her hands on her hips and smiled at them both. Garret finally came to his senses and spoke.

“You are a fun one,” he joked. “I’m glad I picked you. Anyway, you are right, to business. This here is called the ‘Dream Mirror’, and this is what will turn you into a mermaid,” said Garret. “It just requires a drop of blood, which Stephen will now take.”

Stephen walked over to Jessica and placed a device on her index finger. She felt it tighten and then a sharp pain. He then removed the device and walked back to the machine.

“All done,” said Stephen as he placed her blood into an opening on the machine. The machine comprised a computer terminal for Stephen to operate and a full-length mirror.

“Please, sit in front of the mirror,” asked Garret. Jessica pulled up a chair and sat down, admiring her slender body in the mirror. She watched as writing appeared in the mirror, and she realized it also had a screen built into it. Her name and age appeared in the mirror in front of her. Garret sat down whilst Stephen worked the terminal.

“First things first,” said Garret. “You need a mermaid’s tail. What is your favorite color?” asked Garret.

“Purple is my favorite,” replied Jessica as she watched the mirror. Garret then instructed Stephen to give her a purple tail. Jessica watched as her legs became a beautiful, deep purple tail that started below her bellybutton and continued down to where it ended in a tail fin.

Jessica glanced down at her own body and nothing had changed. It was just superb CGI, she supposed.

“Next item on the agenda,” said Garret. “How do you feel about a breast enlargement to say DD’s?”

“We can go bigger than that,” joked Jessica as she sat on the chair. She had always wanted bigger breasts, and now seemed the perfect opportunity to try them out.

“Excellent,” laughed Garret. “Hey Stephen, give her the max breast size this machine can do,” instructed Garret. Jessica watched as her breasts increased till they looked like two watermelons hanging off her chest.

“That’s a little big, actually?” said Jessica nervously. “What about my back? How could I even swim with those things?” asked Jessica as she stared at herself in the mirror and back down at her flat chest.

“Come on, live a little, Jessica,” replied Garret. “It’s only a short-term situation. May as well go big or go home,” joked the director.

“Fuck it,” said Jessica. “You’re right, it’s only temporary. Alright, Stephen, lock in those bad boys,” laughed Jessica. She saw the bra size designation of 34 S appear on the mirror screen. Jessica did not know that bra sizes even went that high.

“Turn her nipples the same color as her tail, Stephen,” instructed Garret. Jessica watched as her red nipples turned purple. She thought it looked cute.

“What else are you going to do to me?” teased Jessica as she watched her reflection intently in the mirror. She liked what she was seeing in the reflection that was looking back at her.

“Fingernails, lips and eyeshadow should all be the same purple color. Oh, and web her fingers as well. I think that should be everything,” said Garret as stood up and walked over to Stephen. Jessica watched as Stephen made the required changes to her reflection.

“Now what happens?” asked Jessica. “I mean, the image is brilliant and all, but how are you going to turn me from this?” she said, gesturing at her slender form, “to the big titty mermaid on screen?”

“I’m just locking in the changes and any moment now we should be ready. Okay, everything is ready. I should mention, we’ve never created a mermaid before, so this will be new for us, too. Jessica, I’m required by the company procedure to ask you one more time. Are you sure you consent to this?” asked Stephen.

“I consent to this,” said Jessica, staring into the camera jutting out of the machine. “Now that we have all the legal stuff done, can we do this yet? I still don’t understand how this works, to be honest, and I’m a little skeptical of it.”

“Okay, Jessica. Here we go,” said Stephen. “Three, two, one. There was a brief flash of light, and Jessica laughed.

Jessica joked, “Stephen, I think your machine is broken.” However, the expression on both the men’s faces had changed to surprise and excitement. “You two look happy, but I still don’t see how this works. I mean, sure, I look like a mermaid in the mirror, but in reality,” said Jessica as she glanced down at herself, only instead of her usual flat chest she saw two enormous mounds of flesh hanging from her chest. “What the fuck?” was all Jessica could mutter as she stared at her enhanced chest.

“Sweet Jesus,” she heard Garret say from across the room. “You really fucking did it, Stephen, bravo, bravo,” joked Garret as he hugged his colleague.

Jessica cupped her massive tits in her hands and felt their immense weight. She nearly cried as she brushed past her purple nipples. They were incredibly sensitive now, which she had not expected. Jessica then looked at her webbed fingers, which had rendered her dexterity non-existent now. Not that she supposed she would do much typing over the summer, but still something to consider. Finally, she tried to move her legs and instead felt strange. She peered down and saw, as expected, her purple tail and began moving it up and down.

“Well, fuck me,” laughed Jessica. “I’m a real fucking mermaid, and look at the size of my tits! I could seduce anyone I wanted looking like this,” jokes Jessica, continuing to play with her body.

“You look incredible, young Jessica,” said Garret as he sat next to her and admired her body. His eyes were hungrily taking in every detail, every curve of her new form.

“I don’t mean to interrupt,” said Stephen as he made his way over to them. “I should just give you a quick biology lesson, Jessica. You may wonder where your genitals are, and I can assure you they are still there. Your vagina is now a slit in your tail, roughly where your original vagina is, imperceptible unless you were looking for it, but fully functional. Your anus is gone, and you will find no passages back there anymore. You no longer need to defecate, your body will only produce urine. And that is everything. I should really be off now. I wish you a propitious time as a mermaid, Jessica, and good fortune to you, Garret, with your new pet.”

“Thank you, Stephen, for all your help with this. I’m very grateful. Could you escort yourself out please? I need to look after our new mermaid here,” said Garret. Stephen nodded and smiled at them both, before taking his leave from the mansion.

“I’d love to stay and chat, Jessica, but I have important pitch meetings today for a new film. Could you occupy yourself in the pool for a few hours, please? My wife will be home in a few hours and you can meet her. My son is staying over at a friend’s tonight, but will be back home for his birthday tomorrow. We can discuss that later, though?” said Garret as he stood up.

“Sure,” said Jessica. “I’d love to spend the day in the pool! Beats cleaning my apartment or going home,” she said as she allowed Garret to pick her up in his arms. He brought her to the edge of the infinity pool, and left her down on the edge of the pool, her tail partially submerged in the warm water.

“My son will love you, Jessica,” said the director as he took another look at his new pet. “Anyway, I better be off or I’ll be late for the meeting. I’ll be in one of the rooms upstairs all day on calls, but if you need me, please ask one of the house staff and they will call me. Sound good?” asked Garret.

“Don’t worry about me,” replied Jessica. “It’ll be good to figure out my new body, anyway. I won’t get bored with a view like this either,” she said, pointing to the LA skyline in the distance. The morning sun was reflecting off the shiny skyscrapers in downtown LA. Garret nodded his approval and took his leave.

Jessica admired the view for a while and felt the warmth of the sun on her body. She felt as if she was on a foreign holiday. Jessica’s back hurt from the weight of her new found breasts, so she slowly lowered herself into the pool to ease the weight of her massive mammaries. Jessica felt herself sink momentarily and slightly panicked, but a thrust or two from her tail and she reemerged at the surface of the water. She learned that brief movements in her tail kept her threading water. Swimming came naturally to her as she would move her tail faster and faster to gain speed and momentum. She spent the next few hours swimming from one end of the large pool to the other, trying to increase her speed with each lap until eventually she was exhausted and pulled herself out of the pool.

Judging by the sun’s position in the sky, Jessica figured it was around two o’clock in the day. Jessica, having nothing else to do, and feeling quite tired, hauled herself out of the pool and crawled towards the nearest deck chair she could find, and within minutes she found herself passed out and asleep.

“Oh, she’s gorgeous,” said a woman’s voice to Jessica’s right. Jessica opened her eyes slowly and saw that there was a woman standing over her, examining her. Garret was also there watching her. Jessica noticed that the sun was close to setting, and she figured she had been asleep for a few hours.

“Oh my God, I fell asleep on the job,” said Jessica in alarm. “How long was I out for?”

“Jessica,” said Garret. “Don’t worry about sleeping beside the pool. We don’t care what you do as long as you are with us in this house. Do we punish dogs for sleeping during the day?”

“No, I suppose,” laughed Jessica. “Miss Glover, I presume? It is a pleasure to meet you,” said Jessica as she extended a webbed hand.

“Please, call me Dawn,” said Garret’s wife as she shook hands with Jessica and smiled politely at her. “Well, I must say, you make a rather fetching mermaid, Jessica. Maybe the breasts are excessive?” asked Dawn, directing her attention towards her husband with a smirk on her face.

“I like them,” interjected Jessica. “If I’m going to be a mermaid for the summer, might as well be a busty one too, am I right?” joked Jessica from her deck chair. Garret nodded his head in agreement and Dawn chuckled.

“Well-mannered and a good sense of humor. You are going to make an excellent per mermaid for our son, Jessica,” said Dawn confidently. “Now, I’m famished, and the chef has made us our dinner. Will you join us at the dinner table for some food?” asked Dawn.

“I’d love to,” replied Jessica. “I’m starving after all the aquatic exercise I did today!” Jessica allowed Garret to pick her up in his arms and he transported her to the dinner table, where he placed her on a wooden chair. Jessica struggled to make herself comfortable because of her tailfin, but eventually, and after some maneuvering, she could place her tail carefully under the table. Her breasts were so big that they now rested on the table.

“I hope you don’t mind the twins joining us for dinner,” said Jessica as she motioned towards her huge boobs. Garret and Dawn both laughed at her joke and the chef brought out their dinner. She blew the chef a seductive kiss as he nearly dropped their food at the sight of the nude mermaid sitting at the table in front of him.

“Now, now, don’t tease the staff,” said Dawn, winking at Jessica. “So Jessica, our son is turning twenty years old tomorrow and we are throwing him his birthday party here. It’ll be just the four of us, and you are the main present,” continued Dawn. “I hope you don’t mind, but we are planning on wrapping you up with tape and putting you in a box for him to open tomorrow.”

“That sounds incredibly kinky and somewhat inappropriate for parents to be doing for their child, but sure, sounds great to me!” jokes Jessica. “Stick me in a box and let’s see his reaction! I wish my parents were more like you guys, and bought me a ripped merman for my birthday.

“That’s the spirit,” laughed Garret from across the table. “Please, take a beef burrito. You must be starving after all the swimming you did today. Our chef makes an impressive burrito, you’ll see.”

Jessica smiled and reached into the center of the table where the beef burritos were and attempted to pick one of them up with her hands, but dropped it onto the table because of her webbed fingers.

“Oh fuck,” said Jessica apologetically. “Sorry about that. My hands are useless with the webbing,” she said, looking at them. Garret picked up a burrito and handed it to her, where carefully she could bite into it, and it was delicious! She had never had such high quality food in her entire life.

“This is exceptional,” said Jessica in between bites of her burrito. The three of them ate dinner together for the next hour before Garret informed them he was ready to retire to bed for the night.

“I’ll escort you to your room, Jessica,” said the director as he walked over to pick her up in his arms. Jessica nodded, and he picked her up and walked through the house with her, followed by Dawn. They eventually reached a room on the ground floor and entered.

The room was amazing, thought Jessica to herself. There was a bed in the center of the room with a velvet duvet covering it. To her left was a fire embedded into a marble wall, and on her left was a black leather seat. There was also an en-suite bathroom. From the bed you could see the LA skyline as well.

Garret gently placed Jessica on the bed and stood up. He rummaged around in his pocket and pulled out Jessica’s mobile phone and gave it to her. Jessica had forgotten completely about her phone when she had stripped naked earlier on. She supposed she had left it in her pocket.

“You can call your friend if you want, tell them all about your experience,” said Garret. “Maybe once you get settled in, you can invite your friend over to visit?”

“I’d like that,” replied Jessica as she smiled back at the couple. Dawn bent over and placed a gentle kiss on Jessica’s forehead and gently rustled her hair.

“I’m so glad you agreed to this,” said Dawn. “It’s great to have another member of the family, and our son, Jack, will be ecstatic to see you,” assured Dawn.

“Glad to be here too,” said Jessica. “Thank you for hiring me. I’m so grateful to have somewhere to stay for the summer. I’ll be the best pet that money can buy,” said Jessica with a wink.

“Goodnight sweetheart,” said Dawn as she left the room with her husband, closing the door behind them. Jessica stared out at the LA skyline in wonder.

“What a view,” she said aloud as she looked out the window. To relax, Jessica lay on her back, but her unnaturally large breasts obscured her view of the city. “Well, I guess you can’t win them all,” laughed Jessica. She reached over to the bedside table and picked up her phone and rang Cory.

“Hey girl,” said Cory, picking up the phone. “How was the interview? Did you get the job?” asked her friend enthusiastically. Jessica was absentmindedly playing with her long black hair as she spoke.

“I did!” said Jessica excitedly. “And guess who the director was? Garret Glover!” bragged Jessica.

“No way, that’s crazy!” replied Cory. “Does this mean free tickets to movie premieres? Wow, we know someone famous. We are moving up in the world, sister,” laughed Cory. “So, can I call over tomorrow? I want to see that mansion!”

“I can’t do tomorrow,” Jessica explained, touching her flat stomach under her breasts, which were almost touching her belly button. “Give me a few weeks to settle in; I’m still finding my feet.”

“Aw, is the little mermaid embarrassed?” asked Cory teasingly. Jessica glanced down at her massive chest and smiled.

“More like the big mermaid,” she said to herself.

“You got me,” laughed Jessica. “I’m a little embarrassed being seen in a fishtail, but you can call over once I’ve settled in a bit more. Anyway, I’ll talk to you tomorrow. I’m tired, now,” said Jessica as she yawned. Both women said their goodbyes and Jessica felt put her phone away, and within minutes she found herself drifting into a deep sleep.

#

#### **Happy Birthday!**

“Good morning, honey,” said Dawn as she gently prodded Jessica to wake her up. Jessica, for her part, was slow to wake up, evidently enjoying her sleep from the night before.

“Morning Dawn,” replied Jessica, sitting up in the bed. She noticed Dawn had a wheelchair, which she assumed was for her. “Is that for me?” asked Jessica.

“Sure is,” said Dawn. “I can’t carry you like my husband can. Do you mind?” Jessica shook her head and slowly lowered herself into the wheelchair and Dawn pushed her out of the room. They made their way to the kitchen. Judging by the sun’s location in the sky, Jessica guessed it was well after midday.

“Jesus, how long was I asleep?” asked Jessica as Dawn helped her from the wheelchair and onto her seat at the table. She couldn’t believe that she had slept for so long.

“It’s two in the evening,” said Dawn. “And don’t worry, we wanted to let you sleep. You earned it after everything you went through yesterday. Garrett is gone to collect Jack. He should be back soon enough. That doesn’t leave us a lot of time to prepare you for the birthday surprise.”

“No problem,” said Jessica. She said, “I’ll be quick with breakfast,” quickly eating her pancake and drinking a glass of orange juice. Dawn smiled as she watched Jessica eat.

“Okay, let’s go,” said Dawn once Jessica had finished. Once again, she was back in the wheelchair, only this time they went out onto the tiles beside the pool. There was a box and lots of tape beside it. “You don’t mind tight spaces, honey, do you?” asked Dawn apologetically. Jessica nodded her head that she did not, and Dawn picked up the tape and began her work.

Jessica received instructions to sit on her tailfin, and Dawn wrapped her tail together so that Jessica was stuck in a sitting position. Next, Dawn bound Jessica’s hands behind her back and placed the tape around her enormous breasts, covering her purple nipples. Finally, Dawn placed the tape over Jessica’s mouth, keeping her silent till the party started. Dawn then placed Jessica in the box and gave her a pat on the head before sealing the box.

 Jessica, sealed in the pitch dark of the box, felt her mind wandering. What would her family think of her in this situation? If anything went wrong here in LA, who could she count on to help her? She felt saddened by the thought that there was no one out there who truly cared for her. The closest person was probably Cory, but she had only known her for a year.

Her family had never cared for her growing up. They were all caught up with their own demons, leaving Jessica to look after herself. She wondered if her parent’s lack of attention was responsible for her outgoing and bubbly persona that she had created to protect herself.

Lost deep in her mind, Jessica didn’t notice the passage of time or how long she had been in the box. She only snapped out of her pensive mood when she heard the sounds of muffled voices outside her box. Someone was having a conversation. She then heard a box cutter, and sunlight came flooding into her space. Jessica saw a young man cut the box lid and peer down at her. He clearly couldn’t contemplate what he was seeing, so he called Garrett over to help remove her from the box.

Garrett removed Jessica from the box and gently placed her on her tail. She immediately snapped back to her usual preppy self and smiled up at their son, Jack, who, for his part, looked completely baffled.

“What is this?” asked Jack, with his eyes affixed to the mermaid in front of him. Jack was handsome, Jessica thought to herself. He had curly, black hair and was wearing tight jeans and a light blue shirt. Because she found him attractive, it was easier for Jessica to play the big-titted mermaid pet.

“I’m Jessica,” she said as seductively as she could, “and I’m your new mermaid pet,” Jessica said with a wink. She could see Jack’s crotch area tighten as he looked at the mermaid in front of him.

“I don’t understand,” said Jack to his parents, not taking his eyes off the busty interloper in front of him. “Who is she? How does she look like a mermaid? What do you mean, she is mine?”

“Jack, sweetie,” said Dawn as she stroked his shoulders. “Me and your father know how sad you have been since your cat died, and we wanted to get you a new pet,” Dawn said warmly.

“Mum, what the fuck! There’s a difference between cat and fucking woman!” retorted Jack. “What did you do to her? How is this even legal?” said Jack as he turned his attention to Jessica. “Have they forced you to do this? Are you okay? Do you need me to ring the cops?”

“My white knight,” said Jessica as she hugged his leg, making Jack slightly uncomfortable. Jack pulled his leg away from her. “Jack,” said Jessica seriously. “Relax, your father advertised this as a summer job and I applied. Basically, one of your father’s high-powered friends could temporarily transform me into a mermaid for the summer to be your pet. So, for the next three months, I’m all yours!” said Jessica with a wink. This seemed to assure some of Jack’s doubts, but he looked at his father next.

“Why did you turn her into a mermaid? Why is she naked? I don’t know what to think,” Jack admitted, embarrassed.

“Son, I’m a director in Hollywood. I wanted something exotic for your birthday! I wanted to let you have your wildest fantasies live out in real life. What better than to have your own 24/7 seductive siren on hand for a summer you’ll never forget!” said Garrett jovially as he clapped his son on the back. “Enough with the questions, myself and your mother will be inside getting the party ready. Get to know your new mermaid, son!” instructed Garrett. Jack watched as his parents went inside the house. Jessica used the moment of silence to suggest an idea.

“See that palm tree at the corner of the pool?” said Jessica. “Let’s meet over there and get some privacy from your parents. Then we’ll talk,” she said as she slipped gracefully into the water and swam towards the tree. Jack walked along the side of the pool, watching his new pet swim from the land.

When Jessica reached the palm tree, she pulled herself from the water and sat on the edge of the pool. Jack rolled up his trousers and joined her, placing his feet in the water.

“So,” started Jessica as she gently flicked her tail in the water, causing ripples on the surface. “I don’t want this to be awkward between us, so is there anything you want to ask me?”

“Did it hurt?” asked Jack as he stared at her purple tail in the water. “Was there pain when they turned you into a mermaid?”

“Honestly, I didn’t feel a thing. One minute I had legs and the next I had a tail and giant tits!” joked Jessica.

“You mean your breasts aren’t real either?” asked Jack curiously.

“No, they are real,” replied Jessica. “They look and feel real, it’s just before the transformation I was the owner of A-cups, the Queen of the itty bitty titty committee, and now I have giant calcium cannons on my chest,” joked Jessica as she offered Jack a feel. Jack gently cupped her breasts in his hands and assessed their immense weight.

“Jesus, how on earth is your back not broken?” asked Jack as he let her breasts fall and jiggle as gravity ran its course over her flesh. Jessica also watched the display and smiled.

“It’s not too bad when I’m in the pool, but ask me at the end of the summer how I’m holding up. I might have a completely different opinion then,” said Jessica as she moved closer to Jack. “Look, this is just a job for me, but I don’t see any reason we can’t have a bit of fun,” Jessica said as she placed her right hand on his and guided it to her slit. “Have you ever fingered a woman?” asked Jessica as she gently guided his fingers inside her vagina.

“Oooh,” panted Jessica as she felt pleasure flow through her. Her vagina was much more sensitive than it had ever been. Just the sensation of his fingers entering her was enough to drive the new mermaid wild. Jack started to massage and rub her slit, driving Jessica wild. She kissed him passionately on the lips as he continued to work his magic on her slit.

“Oh fuck me, that feels amazing,” moaned Jessica as Jack continued to massage her slit, only his movements were becoming more urgent now, and with greater force, until Jessica felt herself lose herself to a wave of pleasure that had henceforth to her been completely unknown. Her eyes fluttered in her head as she held Jack close and pulled him into her expansive chest.

After she had calmed down, she released Jack and smiled at the young man in front of her.

“That was fucking nuts!” she said. “I’ve never done anything like that before,” Jessica said, still slightly out of breath as she nuzzled her head against Jack’s chest.

“This is going to be one hell of a crazy summer,” Jack laughed as he stared down at his new pet mermaid. Jessica could tell that Jack had not expected to enjoy that as much as he had.

“Jack, Jessica,” came Dawn’s voice from the mansion. “Dinner is ready. Where are you two?”

“Fuck,” said Jack, clearly embarrassed for his parents to find out he had already fucked the mermaid. He washed his hands in the pool and Jessica slipped her tail into the pool, and the two of them laughed silently as they both regained their breath after their steamy encounter by the palm tree.

Jack stood up to walk back to the house, but an indignant noise from the pool stopped him. Jack stopped and looked behind him.

“Hello, no legs,” joked Jessica as she flapped her tail uselessly. Jack scooped up the mermaid and the two of them made their way to the house. Jack was right, thought Jessica, it was definitely going to be a crazy summer.

#

#### **Summer Sunshine**

It was mid-summer, and Jessica was sound asleep in her bed in the Hollywood Hills when she heard her door creak open. She opened her eyes and sat up, pulling the surrounding blankets to cover her nudeness. Peering into the dark, Jessica could see a figure in the darkness.

“Hello, who is there?” asked Jessica into the abyss. Her heart was racing in her chest as she tried to make out just who it was that was standing in the doorway.

“Ssshh,” came Jack’s familiar voice as he approached her bed. Jessica saw Jack was wearing nothing but a pair of gray boxer shorts. He slipped into her bed, and Jessica relaxed and whistled at him as she admired his slender body.

“What brings you here this time of night?” asked Jessica, already knowing the answer. Over the past month, he had been spending increasingly more and more time with her. He was now an expert at finger-banging and kissing his mermaid, but she knew it was only a matter of time before he wanted more, and Jessica had no problem giving it to him.

“You, Jessica, I’m ready to give you a good fucking,” said Jack as he stripped off his underwear in her bed. She felt him fumble with his large, erect cock as he tried to find her slit. Jessica, an expert on her own anatomy at this stage, guided him with her webbed fingers to her slit, and she purred in delight as his erect member penetrated her vagina.

Jack began thrusting into her as hard and as fast as he could, eager to fuck his own personal mermaid pet. Jessica moaned as he picked up the pace. She ran her fingers through his hair as he fucked her.

“That’s it, Jack. You’re such a big man, keep fucking me … yes, oh yes! Faster, please, keep going, oh yes, oh fuck me,” screamed Jessica as she felt herself coming to the edge of her orgasm. Jessica was now shouting with pleasure, unable to contain herself. Just as both Jessica and Jack climaxed, a light came on in the room and both of Jack’s parents were standing in the doorway with a look of concern on their faces.

Jack immediately pulled the covers over the two of them to conceal their modesty. Garrett was the first to recover and to speak.

“We thought that someone had broken into the house and was hurting you, Jessica, the way you were screaming,” said Garrett. He looked at his wife and smiled. “Now we know everything is okay. We can all go to bed now.” Dawn smiled at Jessica and left the room, and Garrett waited for Jack to put on his underwear and escorted him out of the room. Jessica heard laughing outside as the two men left her room.

Jessica, for her part, was red faced and embarrassed at how loud she had been. She hadn’t realized she was shouting so loudly, and that the entire house had heard her mortified her. Rather than dwell on it, Jessica soon found herself falling into a deep sleep, exhausted after having her sexual encounter with Jack.

The next morning, Garrett gently woke Jessica up and carried her to the kitchen, where breakfast was being served. Garrett placed Jessica at her usual place at the table and sat down himself as one maid served breakfast for the family. The household staff no longer gave Jessica looks of disbelief. They had long since grown accustomed to having the buxom mermaid in the house.

Dawn winked at Jessica as she ate her breakfast. Jessica felt herself blush as she caught Dawn’s eye and she glanced away. She was still deeply embarrassed about last night.

“Next, don’t be so loud,” joked Dawn as she reached into her handbag and rummaged around before finding what she was looking for. Dawn retrieved a small white pill from her bag and pushed it across the table to Jessica. “That’s for you, honey, lest we want any babies running around soon.” Jessica downed the morning-after pill with her orange juice, glad that she wouldn’t be getting pregnant soon. She had assumed that she couldn’t get pregnant in her current form, but obviously, she was wrong.

“Dawn, is it okay if my friend Cory visits today?” asked Jessica in between bites of her egg omelet. “I’ve been making excuses to keep her away as I’m a little embarrassed for her to see me as a mermaid, but I can’t ignore her anymore or she will think that I don’t want to know her anymore,” said Jessica.

“That’s a fantastic idea,” said Dawn. “Jack and Garrett are going into the city for the day, so you can have a girl’s day in,” said Dawn as she sipped on her coconut milk from across the table.

“Thanks Dawn,” said Jessica as she contemplated just exactly how to reintroduce herself to her best friend. Would Cory’s reaction be surprise, anger, or worry when she saw Jessica’s new body? Jessica supposed she wouldn’t know till they met, which would now be today.

#

Jessica sat nervously on the pool lounger as she waited for Cory to arrive at the mansion. She tried to relax herself as her best-friend was on her way to the Glover house. Jessica sat up as she heard knocking at the front door and saw Dawn escort Cory out to the backyard.

“Jessica!” screeched Dawn as she ran over to her friend and hugged. “Wait a second, this is a really fucking good costume,” she said as she felt up Jessica’s boobs. “No way. Are these real?” Cory said in disbelief as she weighed her friend’s breasts. “Did they turn you into a real mermaid too?”

“Sit down, it’s a long story,” said Jessica as she directed her friend over to the lounger beside her. Jessica filled her friend in on all the details of her transformation and her summer spent as a sex pet.

“Wow, Jessica,” was all Cory could say when the full story had been told. “Why didn’t you call me sooner?” asked Cory as she looked at Jessica with a look of concern on her face.

“My embarrassment stemmed from not wanting you to see me with these huge breasts and tail; however, I then remembered they weren’t even mine,” said Jessica truthfully.

“Jessica, we need to get you out of here now,” said Cory, glancing around the backyard. Jessica laughed at her friend’s paranoia. The Glovers weren’t keeping her against her will or hurting her.

“Jess, please, we need to go. I don’t think they will let you go when the summer is over. We need to get you to the police to fight your case before they react.”

“Cory, please, they’ve been nothing but nice to me. When the time comes, they will turn me back to myself and let me go. I know they will. Why do you think there is even a possibility they wouldn’t?” asked Jessica.

Jess, a few weeks ago, just after you moved here, a delivery service pulled up outside our apartment and said they were here to collect all your stuff. They took everything that belonged to you; they left nothing; it was like you were never there. I thought it was strange but didn’t really give it much thought, to be honest. Not until today, when I saw what they had done to you. The reason they collected your things was to erase evidence of you living in the apartment. Cory pleaded with Jess. “They never intended to let you go.”

“That’s bullshit,” retorted Jessica, too scared to consider the possibility of what her friend was saying to her might actually be true. How could she? It would mean that she was effectively a sex slave?

“Jessica, did they pay you?” asked Cory. “Did you even check your phone to see if they have deposited any money into your account in the last few weeks?” Cory was begging with her friend to see reason.

“Of course I didn’t check. I’ve had no reason to!” shouted Jessica. “They supply me with food, water, and electricity; they pay for everything.” Why would I need the money now? I’m sure it’s there,” Jessica shouted, visibly agitated now.

“Jess, please -“ said Cory, but Dawn cut her off.

“Is everything all right here?” asked Dawn innocently. “I heard some shouting when I was inside the house.” Dawn made her way over to Jessica and stood over the young mermaid protectively, like a mother would.

“There is no problem, Dawn,” said Jessica. “Cory was just leaving now.” Cory gave a false smile to Dawn, looked back at Jessica, and stood up to leave. Dawn followed Cory as she escorted her from the mansion.

Why had she put these doubts in her head? She had been having such a lovely summer, and now Cory had poured dangerous thoughts into her head about the true intentions of the Glovers. However, Jessica trusted them. They had been nothing but loving and kind to her since they had employed her. Why would that be any different now? No, Cory was just jealous of what Jessica had, she thought to herself. She wouldn’t have thought of Cory for the jealous type, but you never truly know people, she supposed.

Later that night, Garrett took Jessica to her room; lying in bed, her large breasts heavy on her chest, she pondered something. Cory’s tirade earlier in the day was playing on her mind. Jessica reached over to her dresser and fished out her phone. Jessica unlocked the phone and navigated to her banking application, which she had not used all summer. She checked her balance and saw something that chilled her to her bones. She had not been paid once all summer.

#

#### **A Distressing Revelation**

##### **The End of August…**

Jessica waited patiently for Jack to go to college. She lay on a lounger as she watched her summer fling get dressed in his room. As much as Jessica had enjoyed a passionate summer of sex with Jack, she had been worried the past few weeks since Cory’s visit. That was why, once Jack and Dawn left the house today, Jessica was going to ask Garrett if she could finish her contract a week early before she was supposed to.

Once Jessica was sure Dawn and Jack had left the mansion, she crawled into the kitchen. Then she pulled herself up onto the kitchen table with all her strength and sat on the edge of the table. She knew Garrett would enter the kitchen any moment now for his morning coffee.

Right on queue, Garrett entered the kitchen and smiled in confusion as he saw Jessica sitting at the table. He turned on the coffee machine and turned to face Jessica.

“What’s up, Jessica?” asked Garrett as he leaned against the kitchen counter, waiting for his coffee to be ready.

“Listen, Garrett … we need to talk,” said Jessica as she tried to appear as serious as a big titted, purple tailed mermaid could look. She placed her arms over her expansive chest and cleared her throat.

“This doesn’t sound good,” said Garrett with concern in his voice.

“I want to finish my contract a week early. I have to get ready for college. My course is starting back and I have to sort out my accommodation, etc. I’m sure you can understand,” said Jessica.

“Right,” said Garrett, not paying attention as he fumbled with the coffee machine. “I hear you,” he said as he continued to work on the coffee machine to get his coffee.

“Garrett, are you listening to me?” said Jessica boldly. She was tiring of being treated as a pet. She was a woman, and it was about time she was back to being treated as one.

“Fine,” replied Garrett as he abandoned his coffee pursuit to give her his full attention. “It’s probably time we had this conversation, anyway. I was just putting it off.”

“Okay, like I was saying, I would like to be turned back to myself, my human-self,” said Jessica as she sat on the table. “How soon can you arrange for your friend to change me back?”

“About that,” said Garrett, taking a seat. “You didn’t read your contract carefully. There is a provision in there for me to extend your contract of employment for as long as I want, and, well … I’ve extended indefinitely.”

“Wait, that means you’re keeping me as a mermaid?” asked Jessica incredulously. “You can’t do that! There must be laws against this, and my friends and family will never let this stand.”

“You signed the contract, Jessica, not my fault you didn’t read it. As for your friends and family, we’ve paid your family handsomely, and they have agreed not to take this to court. They say hi by the way. Turns out that they didn’t much like you either. Cory, she was harder to convince, but eventually money also wins and she has agreed to forget all about you too!” laughed Garrett.

“Mother fucker, I’m going to -“

“Do absolutely nothing,” said Garrett, interrupting her. “If you cause any trouble for us, and do anything other than play the big, titted mermaid part, I’ll sell you to a brothel as a sex slave. Do you understand?”

Jessica had tears in her eyes as she realized she was going to spend the rest of her life as a pet to these rich pricks. She had unintentionally sealed her own fate the day she had signed the contract with them, and now she would pay the price, a mermaid forever.
