---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Long Weekend
authors:
- Wanda
tags:
- M/f
- bdsm
- bond
- kidnap
- cons
- X
date: 2005-01-27 00:00:00
---

The Long Weekend by Wanda
Comments are welcomed.

**Chapter 1**

I stepped out of the steaming bathroom wearing only a short bathrobe.
It was late at night on a Thursday, we were in my dorm, and my roommate
was on vacation.

"Are you ready?" he asked as he examined my figure behind the shortness
of the robe.

I paused and looked at the bondage toys on display on my bed.

"Are those for me?" I asked. In my 21 years I had never seen real bondage
toys up close, and the though of those toys being used on me made my pussy
tingle with anticipation.

"Yeah, hon", he replied grabbing the handcuffs from the bed. "Are you
ready for this?" he repeated.

I simply nodded. My eyes were fixed on the toys on the bed. I became
nervous as I realized, little by little, what I was getting myself into.

Bob and I had been involved for a few months but no one knew about our
relationship. Some of my college friends had met him but I had introduced
him only as another friend. I had kept our relationship a secret not only
because of our age difference (he was 29 and I was 21) but also because
it was a relationship based on bondage, and that was a subject I didn't
talk about with my regular friends.

I met Bob in a bondage chat room and soon after we began exchanging
emails discussing BDSM and dom/sub relationships. I showed great interest
in the subject and I even confessed that I had a lot of fantasies about
being kidnapped.

We exchanged pictures, then phone numbers, and we talked on the phone
until we eventually met. My curiosity about bondage was intense to say
the least. I had done a lot of selfbondage but I found it to be too controlled
and soon I came to the conclusion that selfbondage was nothing like the
real thing.

Bob and I dated in secret for a few months. I confided all my bondage
fantasies in him because I didn't know who else to talk to about the subject.
He was a good looking guy and I for some reason I felt safe around him.
We took long walks on campus where he would visit me after his job and
during weekends.

He became my confidant and it didn't take very long before I began trusting
him more and more. Soon we began playing around with ropes, cloth gags,
and mild bondage. He didn't want to scare me away so he always respected
my limits and made me enjoy our bondage sessions as much as I could. He
was gentle and liked having sex while I was tied to my own bed. I wanted
him to take me to his place but he always refused.

He kept things a little "vanilla" for me though, and he refused to put
me into heavy, hardcore bondage. He said he had a lot of bondage toys and
equipment but they were meant for other girls.

He seemed like a nice fellow but had a dark side. He told me how he
would met girls at clubs, take them drunk to his dungeon, and then keep
them a couple of days in bondage. He enjoyed it even more because those
girls had been too drunk to remember him so they had no idea where they
were being kept and who was their captor.

He also told me how he kept them blindfolded, naked, handcuffed, and
caged until he released them in different parts of the city at night.

I, of course, thought that wasn't funny, but deep down I wanted somebody
to do the same to me. I wanted to feel helpless and used. He showed me
a few pictures he had taken of the girls and I turned me on even more.

As the days passed and my bondage relationship with Bob grew, I realized
that I needed to find out what it felt like to be kidnapped. I needed to
know what it felt like to know that nobody knew where I was.

So last week I told him that I wanted to be kidnapped for the long weekend
and that I wanted him to make it as real as possible. I wanted him to make
me another one of his girls. It was quite a jump for me, he said, but he
was more than willing to help.

Earlier today my roommate left on vacation. She was going to spend her
long weekend at her parent's house. So I called my parents (who lived in
another state) and told them that I was going to spend the long weekend
at a girlfriend's house.

The whole setup was perfect. I was finally going to experience my biggest
fantasy.

I was very nervous and had a thousand thought running through my mind,
but I didn't care. I figured that once the handcuffs and the ballgag were
in place I wouldn't have anything to worry about anymore.

He sat on the bed as I stood nervously in front of him.

"Take off your robe", he commanded.

I untied the string holding the robe closed and slowly pulled it out.
The robe slid down my skin and to the floor.

He handed me the handcuffs and I hesitated a little before taking them.
I knew what he wanted me to do. I weighted them with both hands, my eyes
lost in the glittering metal. I put one cuff on my left wrist and clicked
it all the way. I tested it to see if I could slip my thin wrist though
the cuff but I couldn't.

I turned my gaze towards him as if waiting to be told what to do.

"Behind your back", he simply said.

I softly bit my lower lip keeping my complains to myself. I fumbled
with the other cuff as I moved my arms behind my back until I found the
proper position for my hands. A few clicks confirmed that I had handcuffed
myself and was now under his control.

The hard-on under his pants was visible as he got up to examine my predicament.
He walked behind me to check the handcuffs.

He double locked the police-issue handcuffs, making sure that they were
tight and also making sure that I wouldn't hurt myself.

He stood in front of me and began massaging my breasts. My nipples were
erect and hard. He pulled me close to him and I began rubbing myself against
his leg. He put his hands on my shoulders and gently forced me on my knees.
He unbuckled his belt and lowered his pants and then his boxers.

I looked up to him as I saw his erect member in front of my lips. He
put one hand behind my head and gently brought my lips closer to his shaft.
I took him in and began moving in and out without much encouragement. I
wasn't experienced but I knew what to do.

He came in my mouth and ordered me to swallow it. I had never swallowed
cum but I obeyed and licked his member clean as he ordered.

"I'm gonna keep you on a cum diet this entire weekend", he warned me
as he grabbed me by the arm and brought me to my feet.

He grabbed a ballgag and showed it to me. "Open up", he commanded as
he pressed the ballgag against my cum-covered lips.

"Can I please have some water first?", I asked.

He slapped my right breast making me jump and release a squeal.

"Next time you contradict me it's gonna hurt more", he told me with
a tone of authority he had never used before with me.

I guess he wanted me to begin feeling like an abductee.

"Now I don't want to repeat myself, bitch. Open up", he ordered visibly
angry.

His sudden change in demeanor brought fear and confusion to my face.
I knew that if she accepted the ballgag I wouldn't be able to complain
and I'd be under his complete control.

I reluctantly opened my mouth to receive the rubber intruder. He pushed
the gag into my mouth and then buckled it tightly behind my head. I had
never been ballgagged before either. I tried to move my jaws and tried
to bite down on the gag to get accustomed to the taste of rubber and the
size of it.

But of course Bob wasn't finished and he was taking his role seriously.
He pulled a roll of wide duct tape from his bag. As soon as I saw it I
freaked out and tried to complain.

My attempts to complain earned me another breast slap. On the left breast
this time. Again I jumped in pain and confusion. He ordered me to stand
still and I had no choice but to obey. I began to cry as I heard the distinct
peeling sound of duct tape. I knew what he was going to do with that.

A couple of loops of duct tape around the gag and a few strips over
it were more than enough to let me know that he meant business. I was his
and he could do whatever he wanted with me.

He grabbed the legirons from the bed and kneeled to put them on me.
He told me my small feet would look lovely on 6-inch high heels, but he
said he didn't need the clicking of the heels calling unwanted attention.

He got up and grabbed a set of nipple clamps from the bed. The first
clamp bit down on my erect nipple and I released a scream. The gag caught
all of it so all that came out was a nasal moan. Then he bit the other
nipple with the other end of the nipple clamps.

Again I screamed in pain and begged him with my eyes to stop. He just
looked at me and smiled. He then put on a collar on my neck and clipped
a leash to the collar.

He grabbed my cell phone, my handbag, and my keys, and then headed for
the door pulling on my leash.

"HMMMMMMFFFF! HMMMMMMMMMFFFFF", I began yelling behind the tape and
the gag as I realized I was about to be taken naked to his car.

He pulled me towards him and grabbed the ring of my collar.

"Listen, bitch, you better cooperate or you will regret it", he warned
me. My eyes were full of tears and confusion.

"You know the way to the parking lot and I'm sure you wouldn't want
to have to explain all this to the RA or the other students at the dorm,
not to mention to the entire university, so I suggest we get there fast",
he told me.

It was a quarter past midnight. My journey into BDSM had just begun.

The dorms were half empty since most students had already left for the
long weekend. I lived on the second floor and I knew I'd have to go to
the back stairs and get out the back door, then I'd have to run naked and
bound to the guest parking spaces.

He opened my dorm room's door and turned off the lights in my room.
I stepped outside into the hall and began looking around as if trying to
hide my nakedness. The halls were empty and well lit. He pulled out my
keys from his pocket and locked the door.

I was naked, bound and locked out of my own room.

"Listen", he told me, "I have to check out with the receptionist downstairs,
then I'm going to my car. If I don't see you there then I'll leave with
your cell and your dorm keys. I'm parked at the guest spaces. It's a white
van, the only white van on the lot".

He let go of the leash and began walking towards the elevator. I went
the other way and left towards the back stairs. The entrance to the stair
was only a few doors away but the legirons prevented me from walking very
fast.

I managed to open the stair doors and luckily the slack on the chain
of my legirons was enough to allow me to climb down the steps. I began
to worry though about the noise the chains were making when hitting the
metal steps of the stairs, but thankfully nobody came out to see where
the noise was coming from.

I finally reached the back door on the first floor and again managed
to open the door with my handcuffed hands. It lead to the back of the building.
I peeked through the door and saw Bob's van. It was plain white with heavily-tinted
windows. It was parked some 50 yards from where I was and I could see Bob
walking towards it.

He opened the sliding door and got in the van. He looked at his watch
and then looked for me in the distance. He saw me hiding near some bushes.
I began speed-walking towards the van as fast as I could. My 32C's hurt
as they bounced up and down with the nipple clamps biting down on my nipples
as I tried to reach the van before he left. I kept looking around to make
sure she wasn't being watched.

It took me a minute, but I finally reached the van and crawled inside.
My breathing was heavy and I looked angrily at Bob for making me do all
this. The tape over the gag was restricting my breathing a lot and I wanted
him to remove it.

He simply closed the door and looked at me with a smile.

Inside the van there was a small cage. He had strapped it to the floor
of the van so it wouldn't move too much during the ride. I looked at it
with panic and again I tried in vain to complain.

"Now this is the last choice you're gonna make this weekend", he said
as he removed my collar. "You can either get out of the van and I'll leave
and you won't see me again, or you can get in the cage and become my slave",
he said as he opened the cage door.

I looked at the cage weighing my options. I knew that if I chose to
leave he would drive away with the handcuff keys, my dorm keys, my cell
phone, and my bag. I knew he would leave me tied and naked. I would have
to ask for help and campus police would certainly be called. But if I stayed
and got in the cage I'd have to endure a lot more torment at his hands.

I began crying as I felt frustrated from not being able to speak. I
mumbled a few words behind the gag but nothing coherent came out so I cried
some more.

"Just a warning", he whispered into her ear, "I will release you from
your bondage only when I feel like it".

My tears became sobs as I slowly and unsurely crawled into the cage.
It was a difficult task to accomplish with my hands cuffed behind my back,
but I managed to fit inside. The cage was small and square. I sat on my
ass with my thighs to my chest. I had to lower my head to fit on the cage.
I couldn't move much and was very uncomfortable.

He closed the cage door and secured it with a heavy padlock. He put
the key in his pocket and then covered the cage with a heavy blanket to
confuse me a some more.

I heard the engine turn and we drove away. I began to ponder what he
had in store for me.

He turned on the radio and drove as if I wasn't even there. Some minutes
passed and then he stopped the van. I heard garage doors being opened and
then he drove into the garage. I figured we had arrived at his place.

He turned off the engine and the radio died along with it. Then he got
out of the car slamming the driver's door behind him. I heard his footsteps
fade away and a couple of door being opened and closed.

I waited a few minutes hoping he would return. The blanket was making
the air thick and I became impatient. I sat in my prison bound from head
to toe. My nipples were sore from the clamps and my ass hurt from sitting
on the cage. I grew anxious and began thrashing in my bonds. I needed to
get out. The cage didn't move as it was tied down on the van's floor. There
was no way I could remove the handcuffs, no way I could remove my gag or
the nipple clamps and no way I could get out of this cage.

I realized he wouldn't come so I began crying and sobbing. I wanted
to get out. I wanted the gag removed. I began to realize how bad an idea
this had been.

I waited in the darkness of his garage, in my cage in his van. It was
pitch black under the blanket and the tingling in my pussy got stronger
and stronger, but I couldn't even reach to masturbate. I rubbed my legs
together but it was no use. Tied, caged, naked, and horny, I curled up
on the cage and tried to go to sleep.

I had thought this was going to be a long weekend, but his remarks about
prolonging my stay made me realize that maybe this was simply the beginning
of a long ordeal.

~\*~ TO BE CONTINUED... ~\*~

NOTE: Chapter 2 is a work in progress and I would like to make this
an interactive story. If you have any suggestions about what you want to
see in the second chapter send me an [email](#author) and let
me know. Also let me know where you read the story.
