---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiessz/stephen.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: Stephen
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M/f
- genie
- majick
- transform
- M2f
- F/f
- D/s
- gag
- naked
- bdsm
- bond
- revenge
- punish
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2014-07-04 00:00:00
---

"I have an idea."

"Yes, Master?"

Stephen grinned at the look of barely repressed apprehension on the woman's face. In the past year and a half, since that amazing day he'd realized that, not only were genies real, but he now had control of one, he'd been exploring all the possibilities her magic could create. Of course, he'd dealt with the obvious first, commanding her to make him incredibly rich. He now lived in a palatial mansion, drove the most expensive cars, ate only the finest cuisine. Those, of course, had only been for starters.

He had also explored the sexual possibilities. Anything he could dream up, she could make possible. She had been harem girl to his sultan, captive to his pirate, even prisoner to his inquisitor. Not to mention everything in between that he could think of. Which led to the problem.

In a year and a half, he'd run through all his fantasies, plus every variation he could think of. He was, it seemed, running out of new ideas. Until now.

"Don't worry, girl," he said, grinning. "I think you'll enjoy this one. At least till it's over. So tell me something. Can you turn me into a woman?"

The genie's eyes widened slightly. "Yes, Master," she replied in her sultry voice. "But why do you want to be a woman?"

Stephen shrugged. "I've already felt damn near everything you can do to please a man's body," he said. "Now let's see what you can do with a woman's body. First, though, we need to set up the rules."

"Yes, Master."

Stephen thought for a moment. "Oh well," he finally said, "might as well go all out. While I’m a woman, you're in charge. I'll have to obey you the same way you normally obey me. Understood?"

"Yes, Master."

"I also want to be able to change myself back any time I choose. Can you set that up?"

"Yes, Master. I can arrange it so that you can change back to your own body with only a thought."

"Good." Stephen grinned. "That way, if I don't like what you're doing, I can change back and let you know about it. Oh, and you can't order me not to change back. And I guess you don't need to call me Master." He laughed at a thought. "After all, I won't exactly have a Master's equipment, will I?"

"No, Master."

Stephen thought for a moment. "I think that covers everything," he said. "Ok, girl, do it."

"Yes, Master." Suddenly, everything felt a bit different. Glancing, down, Stephen stared at the firm breasts now adorning his chest. Reaching up, he cupped them, surprised at how good his own touch felt.

"Very nice," he said, noticing as he did that his voice, too, had changed, becoming a soft, husky whisper. Eager to see everything, he turned to the mirror on his bedroom wall, examining what he'd become.

Slowly, his eyes took in the long, slender legs, the toned thighs joining at a very feminine mound. Flaring hips, trim waist, firm, medium sized breasts with prominent nipples. Finally, his gaze rose to rest on his face.

"I'm beautiful," he said, taking in the full lips, the slightly upturned nose, the huge, luminous eyes, all framed by waves of shining black hair. "You do good work."

"One more thing." Suddenly, Stephen felt something within him. Reaching down, he felt along the mound between his thighs, fingers sliding slightly inside. Touching a small, hardened bud, he thought, I have a clit. His exploring fingers felt something wrapped around that bud.

"What's that for?"

"Silence." Surprised by the sudden firmness of a voice that had always before been soft and servile, he tried to ask what was happening, only to realize he couldn't force the words out.

"You will speak only when spoken to, and only on the subject about which you were spoken too. You will also address me at all times as Mistress. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress." The words slipped out almost as if on their own. Once those words were spoken, his lips closed, refusing to utter another sound.

"On second thought, you will address me as Mistress Jasmine. You will think of me as Mistress Jasmine. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress Jasmine." Stephen stared at his totally submissive genie, amazed at the change in her.

"I do have a name, you know," she told him in her soft yet incredibly strong voice. "You never bothered to ask what it is, did you?"

"No, Mistress Jasmine." Actually, he'd never cared about her name, or even if she had one. He'd always called her "girl" to emphasize his control over her.

Mistress Jasmine (and try as he might, he couldn't think of her any other way) approached him slowly, one hand reaching up to lightly pinch a nipple. Stephen's knees nearly buckled as an incredible wave of pleasure swept through his body.

"I made your body extremely sensitive," Mistress Jasmine informed him, sending another wave of pleasure through him by pinching the other nipple. "Does it feel good?"

"Yes, Mistress Jasmine," Stephen gasped.

"Your body will feel all pleasure just as powerfully." Mistress Jasmine smiled coldly. "And all pain."

Pain? He hadn't said anything about pain when he set this up. And if he felt pain the way he felt pleasure....

Time to end this, he though, concentrating on changing himself back to his own body. His eyes, still locked on those of Mistress Jasmine, widened when nothing happened.

"Is something wrong, girl?"

"Yes, Mistress Jasmine."

"Tell me what's wrong."

"Yes, Mistress Jasmine. I didn't change back."

"And what's wrong with that, girl?"

"You said I could change myself back with a thought, Mistress Jasmine, but I tried and it didn't work."

"Oh, that," Mistress Jasmine replied offhandedly. "Right now, you have a small metal band wrapped around your clit. Harmless enough in this body. If you changed back, though, you would have a small piece of metal embedded in your groin. That would be very painful, and potentially unhealthy." She smiled. "And you did, did you not, command me long ago to never allow you to come to harm?"

"Yes, Mistress Jasmine."

Mistress Jasmine nodded. "So," she said, "I'm afraid that, so long as that band is around your clit, you won't be able to change back. Unfortunately, I'm not really in the mood to remove it, so only your command would cause me to do so."

Frantic, Stephen struggled to force the words of a command past lips that refused to utter any sound not allowed by Mistress Jasmine. Unless she commanded him to command her, he realized, he was trapped.

"Now," Mistress Jasmine said lightly, "what shall we play?" As Stephen watched, helpless to prevent anything, a whip appeared in her hand. "How about Inquisition? That's always been one of your favorites."

Suddenly, Stephen found himself bent across a hard, wooden surface. Ropes held his legs spread, more ropes from his wrists holding him bent across what could only be a wooden horse. He felt Mistress Jasmine softly stroke his upturned ass, sending more waves of pleasure through his helpless body, making him moan into the gag that now filled his mouth.

"You," he heard, "have not been a very good Master. You have beaten, whipped, and otherwise tortured me for your own pleasure. You have given no thought to my feelings, nor to my desires or needs. Even now, with this new idea of yours, you never really intended me to have any control. I'm sure you meant to change yourself back, find some kind of fault with my performance, and use that as an excuse to punish me. Well, I may one day be punished for this, but, if I am, I intend to earn every bit of it. And, since you never thought to specify a limit to how long this lasts, I get the honor of making that decision. I am, after all, the one in charge now, by your own command. So let's make it official."

Stephen winced as he felt the whip brush his ass. "From now on, for as long as you are in this body, you are no longer Stephen. Now, you are simply girl, my girl, to do with as I please. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress Jasmine." The gag turned girl's words into so much meaningless mumbling, but she was unable to prevent herself from responding.

"Very good," Mistress Jasmine said, her words sending another wave of pleasure through girl's helpless body. "Now, shall we begin?"
