---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Couple's Games
authors:
- RedRob
tags:
- M/f
- F/m
- bond
- rope
- cuffs
- gag
- chair
- tease
- torment
- denial
- sex
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
---

This is the story of a young married couple. Ordinary in every way, except one. They're educated, successful professionals. Well respected among friends, family and coworkers. The kind of couple most people would never suspect of hiding a deeply kinky sex life.

This couple, let's call them Bob and Jane, love to play games. All of their games contain elements of bondage and power play. S&M are only minor elements, tools used to emphasize the bondage and the exchange of power, but the giving and receiving of pain alone is not a source of interest for either.

Let's take for instance a game played one Saturday morning. Jane was feeling particularly lazy and expressed a desire to lay in all morning and “do nothing” as she put it. She only regretted that she hadn't been food shopping lately and there were some staples that they desperately needed to replenish.
Bob saw an opportunity to play a game he'd had on his mind for a while. He told Jane he'd do the shopping and she could lay around, but she'd have to do it “my way.” Jane saw the mischievous grin on his lips and readily agreed. Bob reached into the bottom drawer of the nightstand next to the bed and pulled out the leather wrist and ankle cuffs that were kept there. He told Jane to strip down to her bra and panties and put them on. He then walked out of the room.

When Bob returned a few minutes later, Jane was ready. She'd changed out of her everyday plain white bra and panties and into a matching lacy black set. She thought it more appropriate for whatever Bob had in mind and the sexy lingerie made her feel sexy too. The way Bob's eyes always ate her up when she dressed up for him gave her a warm feeling inside.

Bob told her to lay in the center of the bed on her back and stretch out to the corners of the bed. As she obeyed, Bob took out the dental floss he had retrieved from the bathroom and proceeded to tie the metal loop on each cuff to a corner of the bed with a single strand. When he was done, Bob explained to Jane that he knew she could break those strands at any time and free herself. Her challenge was to stay right there until he got back. For each string she broke, she would owe him one “porn star” blow job. That was their shorthand for an enthusiastic blow job that ended with Jane swallowing every last drop of his cum and licking his penis clean. If she managed to make it without breaking a single thread, he would owe her a forfeit of her choice.

Jane was visibly excited by this game and Bob took advantage as he leaned in to kiss her goodbye. He fondled one lovely breast before running his hand down her body and into her panties. Satisfied that she was nicely wet already, he wished her luck and headed out.

The shopping, as was typical, took just over two hours including travel time. Bob got into the house, unloaded the car, and put away the groceries that needed refrigeration or the freezer. He knew if he went straight to the bedroom, he would likely not leave before the food went bad and the ice cream melted. As he approached the bedroom, he heard noise coming from inside. Bob walked in and found Jane where he had left her, except one hand was free. In that hand was the remote for the bedroom television and she was enjoying her regular Saturday morning programs.

Bob walked over and gave her a kiss, long and deep. “Well, looks like you owe me one blowjob, babe.” Jane smiled and asked if she was released. Jane was used to Bob's games and suspected if she broke lose now, he would say she owed him all four. Bob reached over and broke the other three strings himself and told Jane to get up and kneel on the floor in front of him. Jane gave him his prize. She took her time and used all the skill she had and her in depth knowledge of every move, flick of the tongue, pressure of the lips and look in her eyes that drove him wild.

Jane didn't like swallowing. She avoided it whenever she could and only did it at times like this when Bob won one of their games or on a special occasion. This morning, when she knew he was cumming, she looked up into his eyes and took his dick out of her mouth just long enough to say “give it to me” in her sexiest voice. Bob lost it and Jane swallowed as eager as any girl in the videos they had watched together. As she finished and Bob was still giddy and light headed from such a hard orgasm, she looked up and said “totally worth it.” Instead of passing the two plus hours in silence alone in their bed, she got to watch her morning shows in peace and didn't have to do the food shopping she loathed. In her own way, she had won Bob's game.

o0o

On another occasion, it was Jane who came up with the game they would play. Bob was definitely the one who did more detailed planning. Jane was usually much more impulsive and spontaneous in her play. But this night, she had put in some planning to make this memorable for both of them.

Jane had brought one of their high backed dining room chairs into the living room and placed it near the end of the couch, which was Jane's favorite spot for watching TV. Jane had Bob sit in the chair, naked with an old towel over the seat to protect it from any stains. Jane put their leather cuffs on Bob's wrist and ankles and then pulled out several lengths of pre-cut cotton rope. Bob noticed that it was brand new and not from their usual stash. Jane started by pulling Bob's arms behind the chair. She took a length of rope and bound each arm, individually, to the upright supports of the chair back. She started at the wrist by looping the rope through the ring of the cuff and worked her way up to the shoulder, placing the knot at the shoulder where it was impossible for him to reach. With his arms now virtually welded to the chair, she repeated the same technique from ankle to knee against the front legs of the chair, forcing his legs apart. She then took a longer piece and used it to tie his torso to the chair back, starting with several loops around the waist and then an x across the chest.

With Bob now unable to move, Jane applied their leather blindfold and then their favorite gag. It was essentially a boxer's mouth guard that fit around the teeth with a bit of tongue depressor sticking out of the middle. The front was covered by a leather panel. It was very effective at making intelligible speech impossible while being comfortable enough for long term wear.

Now Jane explained what she had planned for Bob. She was going to enjoy her favorite TV programs tonight that she had recorded on their DVR. But, instead of fast forwarding through the commercials, she was going to either tease him or punish him through the break. The decision on tease or punishment would be made by the toss of a coin.

With that, Jane gave Bob a kiss on the forehead and sat down on the couch to watch her program. Bob sat for at least ten minutes only able to listen to the program. It was a prime time soap that he loathed. By the time the commercial break came, he was eager for anything to distract him from the show. Jane looked at him and smiled, knowing he hated the show. She announced she was flipping the coin. Heads meant pleasure and tails meant pain. Bob could just make out the ting of the coin being launched from her thumb. Without a word, Jane came over and straddled his lap with her arms draped lazily over his shoulders. She began to grind her black silk panty covered crotch over his naked genitals and brush her silk bra covered breast against his naked chest. Bob was immediately lost in sensation and loving every second. Jane's hands wandered lazily over his chest, ran her hands through his hair, and nibbled on his earlobes.

And just like that, the commercial break ended and Jane instantly jumped off him, leaving him horny and frustrated. He let out a little moan that only made Jane giggle like a little girl. It would be several more minutes before the commercial break and the next coin toss. Again Jane didn't say a word and straddled Bob's lap. She began by licking his nipples. She knew from long experience how sensitive his nipples were. When both were standing at attention, as much as a man's nipples can, she reached over and pulled something from the couch cushions. Bob was too lost in sensation to pay attention to the light tinkle of a fine chain. It wasn't until he felt the first nipple clamp bit that he realized he must have lost this coin toss. Jane laughed merrily, a sound he loved to hear when she took charge, and gave the chain between the clamps a tug. She leaned over and began biting his earlobes, his neck, his shoulders, his chest. Love bites that made him jump and squirm and yelp, but would leave no lasting marks.

And just as suddenly, the commercial break ended and Jane jumped back to the couch to watch her show. The truth was, this was all turning Jane on just as much as Bob and she was eager for the next commercial break. Up to now, she had intentionally kept all her attentions above the waist. She intended this to be a long session.

The next coin toss came up heads and Jane moved over to Bob. This time, she stayed seated on the couch and just reached over for Bob's dick. She had placed him close to the couch for just this purpose. She lazily began tracing the head of his dick with her fingertips, ever so slowly and lightly. Bob was hard in seconds and his hips were straining against the rope belt that held him in place. Jane kept up this slow tease for the entire commercial break. Bob was kept excited, but nowhere near ready to cum.

Jane kept this up for two full hours. The coin favored pleasure and Bob was frustrated beyond the ability for words by the time Jane was ready for the finale. She had licked him, touched him, rubbed the head of his dick against her wet slit, and talked dirty to him describing all the things she just might do to him if he was a good boy. She had also used the nipple clamps, some clothespins, and ice cubes to punish him when the coin turned against him. She had slapped his face, smacked his balls around, pinched and bitten him virtually from head to toe.

Now, Jane turned off the TV and took off Bob's blindfold. Jane stood there in her black satin bra and panties, fishnet thigh highs, garter belt and black stiletto heels. It was the first glimps he'd had of her in two hours. His eyes were glued to her ass as she walked away from him and over to the stereo. Jane put on a pop song Bob didn't recognise, because he wasn't into pop music. But this one was about to become one of his all time favorite songs as Jane turned back to him in full stripper attitude. She had found some how-to videos online and had been practicing in the full length bedroom mirror. She shook everything she had, doing a slow bump and grind that had Bob drooling through his gag. Then, she strutted over to him and began to give him a lap dance that would have made her a lot of money on the side. Grinding mercilessly into his lap, looking deeply into his eyes with a look of pure lust in hers. She got off him just long enough to pull off her panties and then straddled his erection. He was hard as iron from all the teasing and Jane was intent on riding him for all he was worth.

Jane had found long ago that Bob had difficulty reaching climax in this position. They could never figure out if it was something with blood flow or just that she couldn't quite bounce all the way down his shaft because of his thighs in the way. So, horny as he was, Jane came first and Bob was practically in tears from frustration. Jane took a moment to recover herself with his erection still inside her. She reluctantly raised herself up and then slid to the floor in front of him. She knew what would get him off now, and took his erection deep into her mouth. She worked his hard shaft and worked his balls with her fingertips. Just as he was about to cum, she pulled him out and finished him off with her hand, spraying his cum onto his stomach and thighs.

Jane quickly removed the gag and pulled out a pair of bandage scissors and cut away the rope she used to bind him. Bob was completely spent, both physically and emotionally. It was another ten minutes before he could get up out of the chair. The whole time, Jane rubbed his head and spoke softly and lovingly, thanking him for an amazing evening.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=4841.0)

23.03.12

story continues in [**A Couple's Games 2**](couplesgames2.html)

o0o
