---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Novel Idea
authors:
- Tied2aChair
tags:
- F-m
- bondage
- slave
- wrap
- cons
- X
---

A Novel Idea
by Tied2aChair
A Novel Idea By Tied2aChair

It all began with an idea, a simple, novel idea… To fall in love

She sat at a table waiting patiently, quietly, calmly sipping her vodka
and tonic surveying the room looking for the man to fulfill her innermost
desires and fantasies. Not knowing whether she would find him or spend
another night alone. But as she looked at her drink she saw something that
caught her attention. A man 6’1 180 lbs average build, average size. She
gave him a warm gaze that was sure to catch his eye, he smiled he was intrigued,
he was enslaved. They talked casual at first about the weather and their
jobs, what they sought out in life and how things could be better. As the
conversation continued she started to hint at first about how she always
had to be in control and how she liked to see people work for what they
wanted. He smiled as he realized that this could be the one that would
show him what it was to be dominated and loved. As the night grew close
to 11 the conversation picked up it’s pace and the two decided to head
back to her place.

When he entered the apartment she told him to kneel, he did; she walked
behind him and placed a scarf over his eyes he was now blind.  
He hesitated at first never experiencing the feeling of not being able
to see as he felt her warmth touch hit his body like a warm breeze on a
sunny day, she unbuttoned his shirt one button at a time, as each button
came lose he felt a level of his freedom slowly disappear into the abyss
of darkness that now covered his eyes.

As he felt her stand up and walk behind him to pull the shirt off his
back he felt her slowly massaging his arms and pushing them behind his
back, he felt the cold hard steel hit his wrists as they guaranteed his
submission for the evening. He wondered now as many do if he did the right
thing but it was too late.

She told him to stand as a prison guard helps a prisoner, she gave him
a kiss on the cheek and said “wait right here”. She returned and again
walking behind him blowing in his ear and placing a leather posture collar
around his neck. He heard another click, which he assumed, was a padlock
and now he knew he was bound for the evening. She attached a leash to the
collar and said, “Come with me “.

She pulled him along blindfolded with a collar on, slowly letting him
know where to turn and where to go as a teacher tells a student. She was
now ready to accept her new prey into her lair. She told him to sit; he
sat and awaited his future with his new found mistress. She slowly unbuttoned
his pants as he sat on the silk sheets of her bed waiting to find out what
was next.  As his pants came off she paused and noticed his pulsating
member hard as the hardest rock ready to explode, she grinned with an evil
grin and took off his underwear. She told him to lay down and as he did
she wrapped some rope around his feet securing them together but not to
the bed.

She then walked over to her closet and pulled out a handful of scarves
and other bondage necessities. She began to play with his nipples and as
they became hard she placed a pair of nipple clamps on him. As he screamed
she reached down and pulled out a ball gag and placed it in his mouth.
He now knew that he was in for more then he bargained for. Little did he
know it was only just beginning?

Happy that her slave was well secure she began to take the silk sheets
and wrap them around his feet then torso and finally his entire body. Till
he was encased in silk sheets. She then began taking long scarves and wrapping
them around his legs and mid section to ensure he was helpless. And with
that she straddled over his helpless body and whispered into his ear, “sleep
well you have a busy day tomorrow”.

TO BE Continued.

10.07.03

story continues in [**A Novel Idea 2**](novel_idea2.html)

o0o
