---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hotter than Ice Scream
authors:
- Daniel
tags:
- M-f
- latex
- catsuit
- hood
- bond
- armbinder
- collar
- cart
- encased
- electro
- public
- tease
- torment
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-08-25 00:00:00
---

I am Melissa, I am 22 from New York, I married my childhood sweetheart Aaron a year ago, We both like really kinky play and try and push the extremes, We are both into rubber, bondage, encasement among other things. We had been thinking for a while about what our next adventure would be. I was always the one getting tied up, and Aaron’s extensive mechanical background made him the perfect person to create the situations.

A little about me, I am 5ft 4inc, athletically fit, used to be a ballet dancer so very flexible, long blond hair, nice firm tits, which Aaron says are perfect, speaking of perfect, Aaron is the same age as me, athletic, plays football a lot, short dark hair around 6ft. Aaron works in the manufacturing industry so he is very good with electronics and building contraptions for our play and I was about to trial Aarons latest.

He had told me that Saturday was the day we would try his latest creation, so we both got up relatively early and he started preparing me. We had collected a lot of gear over the years together so he prepared while I took a shower. Laid out on the bed when I returned was all he had picked out, I started to get excited by the prospect of what was about to happen.

He started with metal electro plug and dildo, and the electrical nipple clamps and breast bands, All gave powerful electric shocks that made me orgasm like crazy, when we had done putting those on, he gave me some rubber crotch less shorts and a rubber bra in order to hold everything on. Next he added electro pads to my arms, stomach and the tops of my legs. Then helped me to get into my full rubber suit, black, with attached hands, feet and hood. The hood only had nose holes and a massive gag that settled into my mouth. All the cables were pulled through tiny little holes in the suit as this had been designed especially to work with all the various electric equipment I had on.

Next came my arm binder, tightened really tight, because I am flexible I can get my elbows to touch. On my ankles and thighs he added cuffs that lock in place. On my head he placed a harness and collar.

Here I am stood being held by Aaron in full rubber tied tight with electric pads and plugs ready to make me moan. He lifted my up and carefully into the garage where his new creation was waiting.

Aaron on previous sessions had amended the hood on my rubber suit so that there was tiny speakers so he could talk to me. He went onto explain his latest creation. It was an ice cream push cart which he had modified so that it only had a shallow freezer. Under the freezer is where I would live. He lifted me up and placed me into the base. My upper body lay on a raised bar with my legs either side of the fucking machine. Aaron attached my legs and thighs to d rings in the box and strapped my upper body onto the raised bar. He attached my head so that it could not move, before standing back and exclaiming perfect.

He then unzipped my catsuit, pulling the electro dildo out of my now dripping pussy and attached it to the fucking machine and then adjusted it so that 1inch of the dildo was just inside my pussy. He then closed the top.

I then hear him again. “Right let me explain this little contraption to you, as you have probably guessed the electro dildo will fuck you while ever I am on the move. When I stop it too will stop. Now, let me explain the various electro equipment. While ever we are moving the electro will be set to random with the maximum it can shock you being 1. As we go through the day and I sell more ice cream the freezer compartment is set on weights, each sale increased the shocks by 1. I have around 50 ice creams to sell and I have programmed 50 settings. Here is the catch. That method only works on your tits, and the other various pads. Your dildo and butt plug work on a timed based setting, for every 10mins we are out the shock gets larger. Those shocks only stop when we get home.

I felt the cart start to move with the movement of the dildo, we started of and around 2mins into the journey I felt the slight tickle of electro on my tits and the other electro pads. Felt very little from these…. I then heard something worrying from Aaron “Forgot to mention, if I don’t sell all the ice creams today, you have to stay locked up like this all night.”

I then felt the cart come to a stop and I could hear Aaron talking. He exclaimed that will be 2 then, oh my girlfriend will be happy with me. As we set of the shock got slightly more in my tits and my arms and legs started to twitch under the electro. Then I felt something happen in my ass and now very wet pussy and the shocks got more, all of these shocks were nowhere near enough for me to have an orgasm and this is something I think Aaron had planned. The afternoon wore on and the shocks got slightly more, every so often Aaron would do a mini run with the cart so that it fucked me even harder and just as I was about to rock into an orgasm he would slow right down to a crawl. By this time I would say at least half his Ice creams had gone and I have no idea how long we were out but the shocks in my ass and pussy were getting to be enjoyable now. After about another hour Aaron ran with the cart my pussy taking the full brunt of this and finally it came, I rocked into an orgasm, I felt in ecstasy and Aaron didn’t let up with the running and I crashed and crashed through it until finally he stopped. I was now a sweaty mess, my legs and the bottom of this box were covered in my juices and the shocks in my pussy and ass were now starting to hit home as I was really sensitive.

The afternoon wore on, orgasm after orgasm came and went the shocks in my pussy now making me want to orgasm straight away after the previous one, the shocks on my breasts were painful and all I kept thinking was surely we are nearly done.

Aaron came onto the speaker, “Right we are all sold, we have been out long enough that everything is on maximum. Only problem is I have been walking in one direction so we are about 5miles from home and I remembered I have to do something tonight so need to get home quick so I am going for a jog, hope you enjoy”

Aaron began jogging, my pussy now arching from being fucked all day but strangely I wanted more. Over the course of the 5 mile jog we had a few sprinting periods and I was rocked by orgasm after orgasm I was sweating like crazy and my mind was a mess. Finally we arrived home and Aaron opened the top of the box to the sweet smell of a good day. He lifted me out of the box and began to undo the various bonds, I went for a shower and then relaxed in Aarons arms as it turns out Aaron had nothing to do tonight he just wanted a big finish.

As you can probably guess we did this a lot in the future and trailed a few additions.

The End
