---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Subby Boy
authors:
- Roger sub
tags:
- Solo-M
- FM/m
- femdom
- club
- cd
- harness
- bond
- gag
- x-cross
- torment
- cons
- X
---

Roger was busy sorting himself out as Maria was coming home tomorrow, he was going out tonight and without Maria as she was busy at home. Roger and Maria had been together for almost 4 years now and it seemed like things were getting into a rut where sex and playing were concerned. They had been Sir and submissive till about 18 months ago when he came out to her that he was a switch and would also like to be a submissive himself and be led at times.
Roger wanted some fun and ok he also felt like sex and with Maria so far away also a bit of danger, he was getting excited at the thought of maybe picking someone up for a night or even being picked up himself by a Mistress and who knows what it might lead to. Roger was trying to put the cock harness on but just the thought of another woman other than Maria touching him in a private way made him hard with excitement. At last the harness was on and he thought dare he go a bit further and put some panties on as well, maybe red ones as that is what Maria liked him to wear red bra and panties, it was too much and so Roger gave in and that was what he wore under his clothes.
The Munch was at 7pm and Roger knew he was early so he sat in his car people watching and see who went in and out of the pub also who he could recognise from the group. Roger slowly made his way through the pub crowd got himself a drink and went over to some people he knew and who were regulars to this group, glass in hand he passed light chat all the time smiling and nodding to others and looking for new faces. A couple of people came over and introduce themselves, the woman was quite chatty to Roger asking him loads of question while the man stood silent by her side, Roger felt he was being interrogated and most times could only answer yes or no. After a while Roger found himself alone with this couple and they moved into a corner where they could chat more privately without ear wigers.
Even though Roger had given his word to Maria that he would not wander, this promise went out the window as the couple plied him with drinks and his will was weakening. The next thing Roger knew he was in the passenger side seat of his car and the woman was driving him somewhere with the man following in his car behind.

The woman reached across the seat and rubbed her hand into Roger's crouch and smiled over to him. "Nice", she said, "very nice just how I like my men all locked in". She kept rubbing Roger whenever she could as she was driving and by now Roger had lost all his will power and knew he would do whatever she wanted.
The car pulled up into a yard and the woman got out and went to open the large double garage doors while the man went to Rogers side of the car and helped him out, who was by this time worse for wear with drink. The man put a blindfold on Roger before he got out of the car and then put cuffs on him with a chain so he could led Roger about. The woman had been busy in the garage getting the last few things ready. Roger heard the doors being locked behind him and then felt the woman remove the blindfold, Roger looked slowly around him and could see what looked like a fully fitted dungeon. He quickly looked down at the cuffs on his wrists and the chain to see that he was anchored to a large metal pole sunk into the ground.
The man came up to Roger and fixed a chain around one ankle also securing this to the pole, then he told Roger to keep very still while he cut his clothes off, even though Roger complained about how he was going to get home naked. During this the woman was watching and saw what Roger was wearing under his clothes and told the man not to damage them.

When Roger was down to his bra and panties the man took him over to where the woman was sitting and that was the first time he heard the man speak calling her Mistress Dove. The woman ask Roger if he was ready and Roger answer yes to which she slapped his face and asked it again: "Are you ready?"

Roger replied, "Yes Mistress Dove".
The Mistress held a gag up to Roger and Roger looked at it and shook his head saying it was too big for his mouth.

Mistress Dove laughed at him saying he would get use to it soon enough and the man pushed Roger down on to his knees which hurt, and Mistress then pushed in the gag keeping Rogers mouth open. Then Roger was taken over to the cross on the wall and secured into place by his wrists and ankles and last of all his mouth, what Roger could not see was the two small rings attached to the mouth gag which the man ran a wire chain through and secured Rogers head to the cross.
Mistress when up to Roger and slowly worked her hands over his body digging her long nails in whenever she felt Roger tense up with fear and excitement of what was coming next.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=393.0)

00.10.12

story continues in [**Subby Boy**](subbyboy2.html)

o0o
