---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/more_fantasies2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: More Fantasies come to Life 2
authors:
- subphil3
tags:
- FF/mmm
- D/s
- bdsm
- cbt
- cons
- XX
---

"That was fun," Mistress K said. "Let's get him down and have another game."

She pointed and One came over to release me. Mistress K handed him the key
that was hanging from a chain on her neck and he freed my legs. It felt so
good to be able to stand on my feet instead of my toes and to not have my
leg muscles strained that I sighed in relief.

"Don't get used to it wimp,"
One muttered quietly and gave my balls a firm squeeze. He released the
chains on my wrists and I sat on the floor to rest.

"The next contest will be a race." Mistress K reached into one of the bags
and pulled out two leather devices.

"Have you got the weights we talked
about?"
Mistress A had finished with TT by then. She stood and walked over to her
weight bench in the workout corner of the playroom. She came back carrying
two 25-pound weights. "Will these do for a start?"

"Oh I think so. Here, you two put these on each other'" she said handing the
leather gadgets to One and I.

I just looked at it.

"It's a parachute you
idiot. Get up off the floor, spread your legs and I'll show you," One said.
I got up and did as he instructed.

The parachute is a simple device, a cone
of leather that snaps tight up under your balls and loosely around them with
three little chains hanging down connected to an O-ring. One fit it on my
balls and gave it a hard yank. I immediately understood what makes the
parachute so simple yet so devious - it squashes your balls together at the
same time it pulls on them. I returned the favor for One, attaching the
parachute and giving him a good yank.

"Let's get these slaves ready for the big race," Mistress K said attaching
our wrist restraints to our collars once again. She pulled us to the
fireplace end of the room and had us stand with our legs spread. She and
Mistress ran ropes through the rings on our parachutes and tied them to the
weights with just a little slack. "That should do it. So the race is across
the room, around that chair and back here. The first one to touch the
fireplace with his dick is the winner. Or should I say the other one is the
loser."

Our playroom is nicely carpeted but in this case all that meant was that we
would have more friction dragging the weights against our balls. No matter,
I was determined to win this time even if I ripped my balls off.

"On your
mark.get set.go!"

I took off as quickly as I could even though it felt like
my balls were getting squeezed in a vise. And I quickly moved out ahead of
One. It was hard to move very fast but I kept going as fast as I could bear.
I made it across the room and rounded the chair before One even got there.
In spite of the pain in my balls I was smiling going past One on my way back
to the finish line. At least I would avoid the next round of torment. Then I
was jerked to a stop by my balls. It was like taking a swift kick to the
balls and I fell to the floor in agony, my body curled up in a ball.

As I
rolled around moaning One rounded the chair and passed me laughing. That was
when I realized what had happened - One had stepped on the weight I was
pulling and I did the rest. I watched him cross the room and reach the
finish line, then step up onto the hearth so he could actually touch the
fireplace with his dick. That meant he picked up the weight with his balls
but it didn't seem to bother him. He gave himself a little cheer and stepped
back down onto the floor.

Smack - I felt the sting of a blow from Mistress K's crop on my ass. "Get
your lazy butt up and finish this race. I can't believe you let him beat you
again so easily."

I rolled over, got my legs under me, then struggled to my
knees and up to my feet, all the time being encouraged by the crop. My balls
were really suffering as I pulled the weight back across the room. I stopped
when I got to the hearth. I knew I had to step up and lift the weight but I
couldn't bring myself to do that to my tenderized balls. The crop could
bring me to do it and I winced as I stepped up and finished the race with a
dick touch.

I stepped down and waited for whatever my Mistresses had in mind
for me.
Mistress K led me back to my same post. She released One's wrists and
directed him to reattach my legs, spread wider this time if that was
possible. A rope through the hook directly over my head was attached to a
d-ring on my collar and pulled up tight. At least she didn't pull me up on
my toes again or I might have strangled.

"Since you're such a baby about
your balls I guess we'd better toughen them up." She motioned to One who
lifted the weight while she shortened the rope attached to my parachute. She
nodded and One dropped the 25 pounds ripping at my sack. My scream brought
chuckles all around.

"We'll give you some time to get used to that before we
start getting serious."
Mistress A had TT back on the floor on his back and was riding his face this
time. She was holding his baseball bat of a cock and using it like the reins
for her ride. I had noticed earlier that his tongue was also exceptionally
long. I don't think he could actually lick his eyebrows but it was long. I
wonder if long dicks and long tongues are somehow related. It doesn't seem
quite fair.

Mistress K settled back into her chair and told One to bring her some wine.
He dragged his weight over to our bar and poured her a glass of a nice
Merlot. She was watching Mistress A and playing with herself, sipping on her
wine. One knelt beside her and I stood in misery. This was one of the
hottest scenes I could imagine and I had two cruel Mistresses playing with
me instead of the boys. But with the ache in my scrotum I didn't feel that
good about it. Or my head didn't. My cock seemed to be enjoying it
immensely, standing hard as could be but pointing down from the weight.

Mistress A moaned with her orgasm. It looked like she was grinding TT's head
into the carpet. I'm sure he couldn't breathe. "Stop that's enough," she
sighed and sat all the way down on his face. Her crotch covered his mouth
and his nose was in her ass. Now I knew he couldn't breathe and I wondered
if he would pass out. Mistress motioned to One for her own glass of wine and
he set off to the bar again dragging his weight. TT started to turn a little
blue between Mistress's thighs.

"You know Mistress K you're right about this domination thing. I don't think
I've ever felt so much power or had so much fun. This is even better than
having all those boys to play with like we did last weekend. I could get
used to this."

Mistress A was vaulting past any fantasies I had had. I
wondered if I would regret starting down this path. Or if I would survive.
TT gasped and took some hard breaths as Mistress A got off his face. She
wandered over to her weight bench, picked up a couple ten pounders and
headed back towards me while she and Mistress K discussed the glories of
dominating males.

"You know all that stuff you're raised with," she strung a rope through one
of the ten pounders, "about women being servile and helping their mates and
all." She strung the rope through the ring on my parachute. "Well that's
like some kind of male conspiracy," she lifted the weight up to her waist,
"to keep women from taking control." She dropped the weight. While I
screamed she continued, "and all the time men are so easy to control. I'm
definitely getting used to it." I wasn't really getting used to having my
nuts ripped off.

My mistresses moved to the couch and continued their casual conversation.
One and TT sat at their feet delivering a foot massage to each. They
casually stroked each other's breasts as they sipped their wine. Mistress K
looked over and noticed me not moaning and motioned to One "Ten more for
him." One shuffled over with a smile and strung a weight to add to my load.
Only he stretched it as high as he could before he dropped it. I could only
groan and cry.

"How much can we put on him," Mistresses A asked.

"Oh I don't know. I have a
slave that can hold ninety pounds before he passes out. Since this one is
such a wimp we'll probably have to put a little less than that on."

I hoped
they were about done because I didn't know if I could take any more. And I
sure didn't want to pass out with the rope strung up from my collar. I
wished Mistress K had fastened me by my arms instead of my collar.
Every second felt like an hour to my balls but soon I saw One headed for the
weight bench for more weights. More ten-pounders. I hadn't even heard
Mistress tell him. He came straight over to me and attached another ten
pounds. He didn't drop it as far this time but it didn't matter. I was in
deep misery. My eyes were blurred with tears and I could barely hear for my
own groans.

My Mistresses continued their sipping and conversation. Mistress
K leaned over and kissed Mistress A. That turned into a deeper kiss and they
caressed each other all over their bodies. Mistress K kissed her way down
Mistress A and they were locked in a 69. Mistress A had never shared any
fantasies about being with another woman, even though I had those fantasies.
She skipped right past the fantasy part to the reality part.
TT and One sat watching with their heads just inches away wishing they could
join in. I wished I could have been over there as well. The Mistresses knew
exactly how to please each other and soon came with muffled moans.

They lay
back looking satisfied with their heads on each others thighs.
Mistress K looked over at my pained expression and reached for her crop. "He
doesn't look like he is having any fun. Try this out." She handed it to
Mistress A who locked eyes with me as she crossed the room. Mistress stepped
behind me and I felt the sting as the crop bit into my ass. The sting made
me jump at least as much as I could move and the weights started bounding
and swinging. I tried to stand as still as possible to save my balls but
that just made Mistress laugh and lay into me even harder. She peppered my
ass and thighs, front and back. She stopped when her arm got tired. The
weights continued to swing for a minute after she stopped.

"Oh I really do
like being totally in charge." I was less sure how I felt about it than I
had been when I was fantasizing. I hoped the games were over.
I don't know if Mistress K got bored or jealous watching Mistress keep me
hopping but she was ready to move on in just a few minutes.

"OK slave let
him loose and let's see what we want to do next." One pulled his weight over
to me and started to unburden my balls. He picked up the big 25 pound weight
to untie its rope but "accidentally" dropped it before he got it loose.
"Sorry," he said with a smirk and untied the other weights one by one. Then
he was successful with the big one. Then he released my collar and ankles.
Once again I sank to the floor in relief and exhaustion. I had a steady ache
in my balls and didn't know if it would go away soon or ever.

22.12.06

story continues in [**More Fantasies come to Life 3**](more_fantasies3.html)

o0o
