---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/sb_bodyharness.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Selfbondage Bodyharness
authors:
- Jack
tags:
- Sbm
- cupboard
- harness
- straps
- cuffs
- magnet
- timer
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2011-03-27 00:00:00
---

I have been into bondage for as long as I can remember. My earliest
experiments with self-bondage where in my early teens. My ex-wife
indulged me in my bondage fantasies (this is the only thing that I miss
about the relationship), however, I am now in a vanilla relationship which
means that self-bondage is the only release for my fetish and this is on
very rare occasions.

After separating from my wife I had a few years on my own and soon settled
into the bachelor life and began to take full advantage of the endless
opportunities to indulge in self-bondage. I had a home made full
body harness left over from my earlier experiences and wanted to find a
way to use this in self-bondage scenes. The harness consisted of
a long 2" wide leather strap, which could be attached to the top and bottom
of the bed and pulled tight across the mattress. This strap was really
a series of shorter straps connected together with steel rings, where more
belts of various lengths where attached at 90 degrees to the main belt.
I would lie down on the strap and the series of 2" wide belts would be
fastened around me.

After a while I settled alone in to a more permanent home. The
master bedroom of the house had a built in wardrobe along one wall.
This wardrobe had three doors and was around seven foot long and two foot
wide. I immediately realised how this could fit into my self-bondage
plans as I could lay full length in the wardrobe, in total darkness, with
the doors closed. I quickly installed bolts in the floor at both
ends, which would allow my body harness to be fixed in place.

Next I had to sort out a release mechanism and figure out a way to strap
myself in and get out again. I rigged up an electro-magnet with an
electric time switch. This hung from the bedroom light fitting where
it plugged into the light socket. Next I fixed a long length of string
to the metal plate which would be held by the electro-magnet. This
string I then ran through a groove in the top of the middle wardrobe door
and hung with a weight high on the inside of the wardrobe door and tied
a metal washer onto the string outside the wardrobe. I then tied
my keys to the end of the string about a foot lower than the weight.
When the timer turned the electro-magnet off, the weight dropped to within
a few inches off the floor, when the washer hitting the door would stop
it. This would place the keys next to my right hand where I could
easily reach them. The purpose of the washer stopping the weight
from falling all the way to the floor prevented the weight hitting me and
also reduced the risk of the keys bouncing out of reach.

At this point I was ready to go for it. I stripped and set-up
the timer. The timer was the type with a twenty-four hour dial and
small pegs, which when plugged into the little holes in the dial set the
on and off times. As I was going to set the timer to the on position
manually I was left with four pegs to fit into the off holes. I decided
to fit one peg at each quadrant, i.e. six hours apart. I the set
the timer to the on position and attached the metal plate to the magnet.
For an interesting twist I closed my eyes and span the timer dial, not
looking back at the timer. This meant I did not know how long it
would be before the timer releases my keys. This could be anything
from fifteen minutes to six hours. I wondered what if I only fitted
one peg, fifteen minutes to twenty four hours, maybe next time.

Time to get strapped in. I went into the wardrobe through the
feet end door. The other two doors where already locked from the
inside with slide bolts I had earlier fitted to each door. I laid
down and fastened the first 2" belt tightly around my ankles, then below
the knees and above the knees. At this point I needed to close and
lock the last wardrobe door, while I could still reach. This meant
I would have to carry on in total darkness, but I knew the straps so to
speak.

The next belt fastened around my thighs and locked with a
padlock and D rings, as this was the only belt where there was a slight
risk of interfering fingers reaching. The thigh belt had wrist cuffs
securely riveted to each side for later. Next came another belt high
around the waist, again with cuffs securely riveted to each side, which
align with my elbows. The next belt went around my upper arms and
body, which I fastened only loosely till later and finally a belt around
my neck to hold my head down.

The next step was to wriggle my arms into the already fastened elbow
cuffs. These cuffs I had set-up earlier to be just loose enough to
wriggle my arms into and still tight enough to hold my elbows firmly at
my sides. Once in I was then able to tighten the upper arm/chest
strap good and tight. Now for the left wrist. I had earlier
fastened the wrist cuffs loosely and slipped my left wrist in. With
a little groaning I was able to do up the left wrist cuff with my right
hand. At this point I was almost entirely bound, except for my right
wrist, and hardly able to move.

In order to do up my right wrist cuff I had earlier made some preparations.
The cuff was loosely fastened on the second hole with around a foot of
light chain attached to the first hole. Chain because I dare not
take the risk of string breaking. I placed the end of this chain
in my left hand. Around the buckle of the wrist cuff I had wrapped
a thick elastic band. So, when I slipped my wrist in the cuff and
slowly started to pull the chain with my other hand the buckle pin popped
into each hole in turn until the cuff was pulled tight. Release was
simply the reverse operation.

I had earlier fixed a ring bolt into the doorframe with a short length
of chain attached, running to the position of my right hand. At this
point I pulled the wrist cuff chain back from my left hand and attached
it to the chain fixed to the door frame with a small padlock, making it
impossible to pull on the chain and gain release. So, the moment
of no return had now arrived. My heart was racing as I took the small
padlock in my hand and slowly pressed, testing how hard I could press the
lock before I heard the tiny click that signalled my self-imposed imprisonment,
unable to move hardly a muscle and in total darkness.

Needless to say the timer dropped my keys after around one and three
quarter hours, and release. I used this arrangement many, many times,
and needless to say, did of course throw caution to the wind and only fit
one pin in the timer on occasion. The most I ever spent in my harness
in the dark was about ten and a half hours.

I am sorry if this is a little long, but I hope that I explained things
clearly. You may use this is if it is of interest. I have written
a couple of other accounts, which I sent to Helpless some time ago, but
he stopped updating. I could attempt to re-do them if they might
be of interest.

Regards Jack
