---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/dungeons_and_dragons10.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- F+/f+
- majick
- vr
- fantasy
- bond
- mind-control
- tease
- denial
- gag
- whip
- rope
- mast
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-09-06 00:00:00
---

### Part 10

#### Chapter 45: Interview with the Vampire

---

Beside Ellie, the blondes screamed as the two vampires continued to feed on their victim. The only one apparently unaffected was the blindfolded redhead mounted on the pole who seemed to be oblivious to the fate of the man and continued to writhe with lust, the weights on her nipples swinging wildly and her moans, louder now, mingling with the screams of the blondes.

With the vampires enjoying their grizzly feast, Ellie thought she might take the opportunity to escape but as she struggled to rise to her feet one of the sisters, Goneril, she thought, looked up and reached out a taloned hand, raking another scratch across Ellie’s breasts.

‘Sstay,’ The woman commanded.

‘Yes, Mistress.’ Ellie smiled up at the woman, gazing at her golden eyes which now blazed brightly as the vampire began to feed again.

‘Please help us,’ one of the blondes said.

Ellie glanced at her.

‘One of us will be next,’ the other said.

‘It’s no good,’ the first one said, the girl on top, ‘she’s been scratched again. She’s under their thrall.’

Ellie ignored them as she knelt, awaiting her mistress’ pleasure.

---

Ellie was dimly aware that she was being undressed, or at least that her skirt was being removed. She was aware too that the deliciously tight crotch strap was being released and was disappointed when the dildo was removed. However, it was soon replaced by the tongue of one of the blondes. It was quite a talented tongue she noticed, as it played across her spread labia. Her pussy was way beyond slick, it was virtually gushing and her sex hot; the tongue added to this, fanning the need within her.

How long had it been since she had cum? An age. Way too long for a Seductress.

A second tongue joined the first, this one probing around her bottom.

She’d never considered this as part of sex but somewhere distantly, Honey told her it was fine and her body told her it felt nice.

She was standing with her legs apart, balanced on the toe boots, her hair wound into a leather thong which held her upright and the blondes were kneeling at her feet, one in front and one behind her eagerly teasing her.

‘These are beautiful,’ Goneril said, cupping Ellie’s breasts and squeezing them.

‘Thank you, Mistress,’ Ellie said. Her voice trembled. She really needed to cum. Her body screamed that need, it wasn’t just the quickening or the two blondes working on her with their tongues, there was a need inside her, an unbearable need, a craving that demanded satisfaction. Dimly, she was aware that the rings on her nipples must be fuelling her need and that the bondage was adding to her desire. There were also the demands of her mistress, her new beautiful mistress, the one who kept her like this and loved her breasts and told her what to do.

Ellie closed her eyes.

She felt her collar being released and the touch of her mistress’ lips on her neck.

She was going cum and it was going to the biggest orgasm she had ever experienced.

---

At that moment, the door to the room opened.

Something made Ellie open her eyes.

Cordelia stood before her, gold eyes blazing.

‘Stop!’ The command was all encompassing.

The blondes’ tongues stilled, Goneril and Regan stood still.

Ellie forced herself not to orgasm.

‘Sshe’s mine.’ Cordelia snarled at her sisters.

‘Sshe came to us,’ Gonerril said.

‘A Sseducttresss,’ Regan said. Her fingers caressing Ellie’s neck.

‘Sshe is for father,’ Cordelia said with an air of authority.

‘By whose command, Ssister?’

‘By mine.’ Cordelia stood up straight and Ellie saw her bare her fangs.

‘But sshe is a Sseductress,’ Regan said, her tongue flicking out. ‘And she is ssooo hot.’

‘Then you should not squander her,’ Cordelia said. ‘She is for father.’

‘And, if he turns her?’

‘Then we will have another ssister,' Cordelia shot back, walking towards Ellie.

Ellie saw the blondes crawl away from her feet. She tried to back away herself but the thong in her hair prevented her and with her arms bound she could do nothing as Cordelia kissed her full on the lips.

All the lust returned and then she felt a sharp scratch on her breasts and looked up into Cordelia’s golden eyes. Then the vampire sunk her fangs into Ellie’s neck.

---

‘Adventuress.’

Amanda turned to look at her neighbour, one of the villagers in a plain hessian dress, her hood pulled up. Beneath the hood she caught a glimpse of ruby lips and a flash of blonde hair. The ruby lips smiled.

‘I hope you found your visit to the temple…rewarding.’ There was more than a hint of amusement in the priestess’ voice.

‘It was very…spiritual,’ Amanda told her, recognising the priestess from the entrance to the temple.

The priestess nodded. ‘We exist to serve.’

‘The temple…?’ Amanda asked, unsure where to begin.

‘Shielded from the vampires by the goddess,’ the priestess said.

‘Artemis?’

‘Perhaps.’ The priestess shrugged and turned to face the manse towards which they were walking. The vampire manse with Amanda’s daughter inside.

‘And…’

‘Our clothing?’ The priestess supplied. ‘It would not be wise for us to go about…exposed. The vampires would surely take us.’

‘So you…’

‘Celebrate our devotion to each other in the safety of the temple.’

‘And…’

‘Your party member is not the first to be taken. Many seek our help.’ The priestess continued to look forward as she spoke. ‘In some cases. If they have one suitable among them, I think the party leaders encourage an abduction.’

‘Really?’ Amanda tried to sound casual.

‘Yes.’ The priestess turned, a knowing look in her dark eyes and Amanda forced herself to meet the woman’s gaze.

‘Why stay here?’ Amanda asked, keen to change the subject a much as to satisfy her curiosity.

‘Adventuress, surely you can see the pleasure in nightly orgies in the temple. Our somewhat drab daily lives and the occasional lynch mob duties are small price to pay for such pleasure. Perhaps you would care to join us as we celebrate the banishment of the vampires this night.’

‘Celebrate?’

‘A bacchanalian orgy.’ A voice to Amanda’s left said and she turned to see the redheaded priestess. ‘I would suggest we had some unfinished business, wouldn’t you, Adventuress.’

‘Unfinished.’ Amanda smiled. ‘I might be tempted.’

‘It is our pleasure to lead you into temptation,’ the redhead said.

---

‘You have been a very naughty girl.’ Cordelia admonished, now back in her bedroom. ‘I told you not to leave the room.’

‘You bit me.’ Ellie said, her thoughts foggy again.

‘I needed to spoil their fun,’ Cordelia said, ‘they would have feasted on you if I’d let them.’

‘And are you going to feast on me, Mistress?’ Ellie asked, confused.

Cordelia smiled at her. ‘I hope not?’ She stroked Ellie’s breasts now decorated with five scratches.

‘And are you going to spank me?’

‘If only there was time, my darling,’ Cordelia said with a wink, ’but I have to get you down to father for dinner.’

---

Ellie sat at the table to the count’s right. Cordelia had replaced her collar and skirt along with the dildo and the leather thong to keep it tightly in place. With her legs hobbled and in toe boots, she’d had to go down the stairs one at a time on her bottom, still red from her earlier spanking and still bare. On each step she was forced to put her full weight on the dildo and, after the unrelenting sexual teasing, this had left her burning with lust again, her face flushed and her sex drooling so she was sure she was now sitting in a pool of her own juices.

‘Oyssters?’ The count lifted the silver cover off the serving platter the deformed servant had just in front of her. Ellie had never eaten oysters and, with her arms sheathed behind her, any attempt was likely to prove fruitless, however, the sight of them seemed to stir Honey to life.

‘I fear you will have to aid me with them, Sir,’ she said, shifting in her chair, aware of the slickness under her bottom.

The count stood, coming to stand behind her, leaning over her shoulder and suddenly, the collar didn’t seem very much protection.

‘I think it will be easier without thiss.’ The count deftly unlaced the high linen posture collar exposing Ellie’s neck.

‘Yes, Sir.’ Ellie’s breath caught as she recalled the sight of the man being devoured by Cordelia’s sisters and she gave a little gasp as his fingers brushed her neck to clear a stray strand of blonde hair.

Then he reached out and took up an oyster, holding it for her. Ellie tipped back her head and opened her mouth and felt the cold gelatinous mass slide into her mouth.

‘They are suppossed to be swallowed whole,’ the count said.

Ellie forced herself to swallow.

‘Another?’

‘Just one perhaps.’ Ellie managed.

‘A little ssauce might help it down,’ the count said, taking up another oyster and dripping some sauce from a silver bowl onto it with a spoon.

Ellie obediently tipped her head back and opened her mouth.

This time there was a flash of cold and then a burning.

‘Oh,’ she gasped, ‘that is…hot.’

‘Some wine, perhaps.’ The count held a crystal glass of wine to her lips and Ellie took a sip gratefully.

‘Thanks,’ Ellie managed, her throat still burning.

‘It is a particularly spicy sauce,’ the count said conversationally. ‘Made from fire crab venom.’

‘Oh.’ Ellie recalled the fire crabs that had been attached to her nipples when she had been locked in the pillory.

‘It is said to have the properties to excite more than just the taste buds,’ the count told her, dipping the spoon in the sauce again.

‘So I believe.’ Ellie said, watching as he moved the spoon towards her, holding it over her breasts.

A drop fell, landing on her right nipple and splashing in the gold ring that encircled it. Nothing happened at first and then a moment later she felt it.

‘Oh.’

A drop fell on her other nipple.

‘Quite exciting to humans, I recall.’ The count gave a gently menacing laugh.

‘Yes, Sir.’ Ellie’s nipples were burning and she longed to be able to touch them; to wipe the sauce off. She began to squirm the squelch of her bare sex on the leather cushion of the chair clearly audible.

‘A little more wine?’

‘Please, Sir.’

She took a long draft this time, the cool liquid easing the burning in her throat but not her nipples which seemed to be pulsing with heat.

‘Some asparagus?’

‘Please.’

The count took a sprig of asparagus and dipped it in a white sauce before placing the tip in her mouth. The sauce was creamy and wonderfully cooling on her tongue and she couldn’t stop herself licking the tip of the asparagus as she wondered if it would be impolite to ask the count to drip that on her nipples too.

‘Thank you, Sir.’ Ellie could feel her cheeks flushing.

The wine seemed to be particularly strong and was rushing to head. The count took another sprig of asparagus coated in sauce and held it out for her to lick. This was familiar territory for Honey and she wasted no time in running her tongue along it before sucking the sauce off with her lips.

‘Am I supposed to take this whole, Sir?’ Honey asked with a playful tone leaning forward and taking the whole stalk into her mouth.

The count laughed again and took another sprig.

‘Does the cream have an effect on a girl’s body too?’ Honey asked innocently.

‘Shall we find out?’

It was deliciously cooling on her nipples.

‘That’s very nice but it is a little messy.’

‘Allow me.’ The count leant forward, his long forked tongue flicking across her nipples.

‘Thank you, Sir.’ She knew she should probably be repulsed and certainly afraid but all she felt was arousal. ‘I still haven’t thanked you for rescuing me, Sir.’

‘There’s time enough for that.’ The count said standing behind her again, his hands resting on her bare shoulders. ‘Plenty of time.’

She felt his lips brush her skin.

---

#### Chapter 46: The Mob, Pitchforks and Flaming Torches

---

A cry went up and Amanda saw a bonfire flare up, flames leaping in the darkness and blowing towards the house. She could see Val silhouetted in front of it.

‘You’re going to burn them out?’

‘The smoke will drive them away,’ the blonde priestess said. ‘They will return in the morning.’

‘It’s mostly a show for the tourists,’ the redhead said, slipping back her hood and winking at Amanda. ‘And without the manse we wouldn’t have a steady stream of Adventuresses visiting the temple.’

---

Ellie braced herself for the strike. She wasn’t entirely sure what was about to happen but she knew that vampires could ‘turn’ humans and she gathered that was about to happen to her. She recalled Goldie’s words about necrophilia. The count was very handsome, and spending eternity, or at least the next ten days or so, as the vampire's concubine didn’t seem too bad. Spending a little time with Cordelia was appealing too.

And her sisters seemed to have a pretty enjoyable life.

She wasn’t entirely sure she liked the idea of a forked tongue though.

Then she heard the chanting.

The door to the dining room burst open and Cordelia ran in. She carried a rapier and dagger. ‘The peasants are coming,’ she said.

The count sighed.

‘There is still time,’ Cordelia said.

‘Not for what I have to do with this one,’ the count said resignedly. ‘We must go.’

‘I’ll hold them off,’ the blonde said, ‘you take Goneril and Regan. I’ll meet you in the normal place.’ She stepped in front of Ellie. ‘Ssuch a sshame,’ she said with what sounded like genuine regret. Then she bent and placed a kiss on Ellie's lips.

Then they were gone leaving Ellie alone. It was, Ellie thought, going to be a very frustrating night. Then she smelt the smoke and stood to begin her long walk to the door.

---

Entering the manse, Amanda was confronted by a beautiful blonde in tight leather wielding a rapier and dagger. The girl regarded her with golden eyes.

‘You keep her occupied,’ the blonde priestess said, ‘we’ll go and rescue those inside.’

Amanda wanted to argue, tell them that it was her daughter that was inside but the redhead beside her added. ‘We are priestesses. We do not fight.’

Amanda drew her swords and stepped forward watching as the golden eyed girl saluted her and took up a guard.

---

Ellie reached the top of the stairs after a great deal of effort. Climbing up on her bottom one stair at a time had been hard work and her thighs were burning. It wasn’t the only thing that was burning. Her pussy was on fire. The thong had rubbed it mercilessly and the dildo had pumped in and out of it until she wanted nothing more than to sit on the stair and masturbate until she climaxed.

Her nipples with their magical rings were clearly keen to join the party too.

However, the smoke was becoming thicker and to retrieve the next section of the wand she still had to make her way along the corridor in the toe boots and hobble skirt.

She was just struggling to her feet when two women came up the stairs at a run. The first was a blonde and the second a redhead and both were gorgeous and beautifully made up. She thought it was odd that both women wore plain hessian robes but as they reached the top of the stairs, the robe of the redhead billowed open to reveal nipple tassels, a sparkly thong and silver thigh boots.

‘You must be the Adventuress’ companion,’ the blonde said, appraising Ellie.

‘Hard to imagine she’d come to visit us with such a distraction,’ the redhead said.

‘Look at these.’ The blonde reached out and fondled Ellie’s right nipple.

‘And this.’ The redhead caressed Ellie’s bottom.

‘Are you the Adventuress’ lover?’ The blonde asked.

‘The Adventuress?’ Ellie said.

‘The one who came to our temple earlier.’

‘The temple?’ Ellie asked. Her head had felt clearer after climbing the stairs but the effects of what Cordelia had done to her and the wine still clouded her thoughts.

‘The hot Adventuress with the steely blue eyes and the lovely breasts came to us, that we might expunge her sins.’

‘She was most responsive to our ministrations.’

‘Oh.’ Ellie smiled.

‘Are you her lover?’

‘No.’ Ellie said firmly.

‘But you are her…companion?’

‘Yes.’ Ellie said.

‘Then you presumably have a task to complete and we will detain you no longer.’

‘Look.’ The redhead touched Ellie’s neck. ‘Poor thing. You must be in such need.’

‘If you were to remain with us we might be able to heal you in time.’

‘I think we’re going to Thoth,’ Ellie said. ‘For our quest.’

‘A pity.’ The redhead said. ‘But the curse will fade with time.’

‘Curse?’ Ellie asked.

‘She has been much influenced,’ the blonde said, ‘she is very confused.’

‘Perhaps she is simple,’ the redhead said.

‘Perhaps.,’ the blonde echoed. She looked into Ellie’s eyes. ‘We must rescue our fellows and leave you to your quest.’

They started off down the corridor but the blonde turned. ‘The Adventuress. Remind her she must come to the temple later to continue with her penance.’

And then they were gone running down the corridor with their hessian robes flying revealing the gorgeous scantily clad bodies beneath.

---

The golden eyed girl appeared to be testing her or, perhaps just trying to delay her, Amanda thought. It was almost like sparring with Luci on the beach; cut, thrust, parry, repost; Amanda’s twin swords against the girl’s rapier and dagger. The girl was skilled, there was little doubt about that and seemed easily capable of parrying Amanda’s blows and, though she attacked, she had done nothing more than cut the leather laces of Amanda’s leather bodice so that it now hung even more widely open, her breasts almost spilling out as the pair fought.

The girl made Amanda think of the priestesses, with her beauty and perfect, pert little body. The leather catsuit was gorgeous too. If they hadn’t been duelling, Amanda thought she’d probably have tried to hit on her.

Everyone here seemed sex mad. Why shouldn’t she join in?

They closed again, the girl stepped close, thrusting; Amanda parried with her left sword and cut down with her right but the girl blocked with her dagger and then used it to strike. Amanda turned and the point of the girl’s dagger raked across the side of her dress slitting it open.

---

The smell of smoke made Ellie refocus. She realised she should have asked the priestesses to untie her or, at the very least remove her skirt to make it easier to walk. She thought about calling out but feared that might attract unwanted attention so she began to shuffle along the hallway on the tips of her toes with each step little more than an inch long.

Eventually, breathless and flushed with the exertion in the ridiculously tight bodice and tormented by the effects of the dildo inside her she reached the display cabinet containing the second part of the wand. Still wishing again she’d asked the priestesses to free her, she bent and lifted the cover off with her teeth then, dropping to her knees, she placed it on the floor before struggling back to her feet and picking up the tip of the wand in her mouth.

Up close, it looked even more like the glans of a penis and, in her recent broad experience, felt like one too.

‘And I have do walk oud there with thish in my mouth.’ She said to herself around the phallus.

Then she turned and began the long walk back to the top of the stairs.

---

In the entrance hall, Amanda was tiring.

‘You have good technique, Adventuresss.’ The beautiful golden eyed girl told her.

There was little left of Amanda’s leather dress now and what remained hung in shreds from her body. She was very aware of the swing of her enlarged breasts as she moved.

Her opponent didn’t seem to be tiring at all and, despite the leather catsuit she wore, did not even seem to be perspiring.

In desperation, Amanda launched a furious attack, both swords whirling as she leapt forward but the girl simply sidestepped neatly, parrying and cutting another slice in Amanda’s dress. She turned breathless to face her opponent.

‘Are you planning to kill me?’ Amanda asked.

‘Of coursse not,’ the girl said, ’that’s not how it workss.’

‘Then why fight at all.’

‘One must keep one’s hand in.’ The girl feinted, and lunged, making Amanda step back and parry.

‘You’re one of them, aren’t you?’

The girl looked at her with her golden eyes. ‘A vampire, yess.’

‘And I asssume you are with the blonde girl.’

‘Honey, yes.’

‘It was recklesss, sending a Sseductresss to uss.’ The girl attacked again. ‘Especially when you could have come yourself.’ Her tongue flicked out and Amanda saw it was forked.

‘I thought it was supposed to be a maiden.’ Amanda said.

The girl arched an eyebrow. ‘They’re usually the horniesst but I can feel lusst radiating off you in wavess. Didn’t you get it lasst night?’

The comment irritated Amanda and she pressed forward with another attack driving the girl back through the door to the manse into the smoke filled darkness.

‘Very good,’ the girl said, once again evading her attack, ‘but I think we’ve played together long enough. Your girl will be out in a minute with whatever trophy she’ss after sso it’ss time for me to leave.’ She lowered her weapons and folded her arms over her chest.

It was at that moment Val appeared behind her and drove a stake through her heart.

---

A few moments later, Ellie reached the bottom of the stairs, breathless and flushed with excitement. She needed to cum more than ever and the XPs she’d accumulated for getting hold of the wand had only added to her need. Honey should have climaxed by now, held in bondage with a dildo in her pussy; and that thong driving her crazy. The nipple rings were adding their own weight to lust.

She’d gathered that Cordelia’s bite was somehow stopping her from climaxing and was reminded of her experience with the Merchant Tabatha and the Wand of Desire that had stopped her orgasm. She remembered too the Seductress in the Cabinet of Delights.

‘How long will I be like this?’ she wondered, was the effect permanent. ‘No, the priestesses on the stairs had said it would wear off - but how long would it take?’ She wasn’t sure she would last another ten days in Fantasia if she wasn’t able to relieve her craving to climax.

Still holding the wand in her mouth and, standing, she sucked in a deep breath in around it, coughing at the acrid taste of the smoke. Then, laboriously, began to make her way to the door.

‘What are you wearing?’ Amanda asked, appearing suddenly in front of her, her gaze sweeping down Ellie’s body taking in her bare breasts and her tightly corseted waist. ‘Are those toe boots?’

‘Um.’ Ellie nodded, tottering forwards rapidly, pushing her chin out in the hope that Amanda would take the Wand to allow her to speak.

She stumbled and Amanda caught her.

‘Ka u tg thsh oody shing oud of um moush.’

‘What?’ Amanda said. ‘Oh, yes.’ She took hold of the wand and eased it out of Ellie’s mouth. ‘Is that the Wand?’ Amanda looked at it. ‘It looks like…’

‘I know what it looks like, mum.’

‘Amazonne.’ Amanda corrected.

‘Yes, sorry,’ Ellie said, ‘I’ve been a bit distracted.’ She so needed to cum.

‘So I see.’ Amanda regarded her daughter, clearly taking in her helplessness with her arms sheathed behind her and legs constrained by the hobble skirt. ‘What are those things on your nipples?’

Ellie looked down. ‘Oh, they’re designed to arouse me.’ She laughed at the irony. ‘Could you take them off? They’re driving me crazy.’

A look of confusion crossed Amanda’s face and Ellie guessed it was because the rings looked tight around her huge nipples. Briefly, she wondered if they would come off or whether she’d spend the rest of the trip suffering from the quickening and these magic nipple rings but when Amanda pulled them they came off easily and she gave a sigh of relief as some of her need subsided.

‘Anything else?’ Amanda asked, clearly studying her bondage. ‘Wait, have you been spanked?’

‘You don’t have a monopoly on kinky sex,’ Ellie said with a grin. ‘Which reminds me, I have a message from two priestesses I met in there.’ She gestured back to the manse with her head. ‘They’re expecting the ‘hot Adventuress' back at the temple for more devotions or whatever.’

It was clear Amanda couldn’t hide her pleasure at the news.

‘Do I assume going to church is a little different around here?’

‘You could say that.’

‘Mum,’ Ellie said, ‘sorry, Amazonne. Since you’re here, would you mind untying me?’

---

#### Chapter 47: The Next Level

---

‘Where’s Amazonne?’ Battle Babe asked as they started to make camp.

Ellie glanced around. Her head was still addled by the vampire toxin and the unsatisfied arousal coursing through her body. Added to this, she’d just Levelled up. It was hardly surprising she’d lost track of Amanda after her mother had freed her.

‘Oh…wait, er, she went back to the temple.’ Ellie remembered with a little effort and a gush of relief.

‘Never knew Amanda was the religious type.’ Val said. ‘Though she does like to be told what to do.’

Ellie glanced at the Viking in surprise. ‘I think it might be something to do the Adventuress thing.’ She said coolly.

‘If you say so.’ Val shrugged, even as her eyes roved over Ellie’s body.

They began to settle down, Ellie taking a spot a little away from the others. It wasn’t just because of the way Val was looking at her; with her hands free, she was intending to break the curse of the vampire and give herself an orgasm to rival the one in the gutter outside Tabatha’s mansion. She also wanted to think about her options for Level 3.

The leveling up had felt different this time; it was certainly as pleasurable as before but in the same was as good foreplay not quite an orgasm. Ellie shivered, wondering if it was something to do with the vampires and her inability to orgasm too. Then she saw them, two figures, not real figures, illusions or something similar, visions of her. To her left stood Honey in Merchant’s blue; a smooth silk dress, long and clinging to her body; behind the figure she could see lines fanning out, spreading like the branches of a tree, pathways, their ends mostly obscured although down one stood another Honey in blue; there were sacks and chests at her feet and a house like Tabatha; another path lead to a Honey in the blue and gold of the Slaver, a Kristal kneeling at her feet, collared, wrists chained behind her, nipples clamped.

The other figure, standing beside the Honey in Merchant’s blue was a Honey clad in tight black leather, her face partly obscured by a mask, a dagger in her hand, a phial at her belt. More paths stretched out behind; a Honey in a billowing cloak, her hood pulled up as she hurried to a secret assignation; a path that seemed to curve down and became darker, a Honey with a whip, a brazier beside her, an iron in the glowing coals, a naked woman spread on a rack.

She knew what it meant. She has seen a similar graphic when she’d chosen the character class of Seductress. Seduction came as standard along with thieving skills; at Level 3 she had a choice. It was the point where many classes diverged. Goldie said she had chosen Commerce, that she disliked fighting though Merchants had to defend themselves. Should Honey follow this route or should she take the offer of a potentially darker path; the Assassin and the spy.

For the moment she pushed the thought aside.

---

‘Honey, what are you doing?’ Battle Babe’s voice cut through the darkness breaking Honey’s concentration. She’d been thinking about her night in the pillory, all those hands on her body, the thief Othella, her encounter with Cordelia, anything to try to push her over the edge to orgasm. She needed to cum and should have easily but orgasm seemed to elude her. ‘Nothing!’ She whined.

‘She playing with herself.’ Maiko said. ‘When she do it in HomeTown I tie her up to keep her still.’

‘Hey,’ Ellie said, ‘I’m a Seductress! It’s part of what I do.’ She was desperate, knew that the breathy tremor in her voice made it clear been close to orgasm but not quite there.

It was so frustrating.

‘Perhaps I should get you a chastity belt too.’ Battle Babe suggested with humour in her voice.

‘It not funny.’ Maiko lay a few feet away from the rest of the group, staked out spread-eagle on her back between four heavy stakes Bu-Shi-Doll had forced apprentice to drive into the ground herself after a particularly gruelling punishment session involving a bamboo cane and various tender parts of her anatomy that were now decorated with a pattern that resembled a woven Japanese screen. As usual, she was naked save the aforementioned chastity belt though tonight she wore pegs on her nipples as an extra punishment.

‘Belt not coming off anytime soon.’ Bu-Shi-Doll reminded her.

‘How are the nipples, Mai?’ Honey slid her fingers reluctantly out of her pussy, the recalcitrant teenager in her determined, if she was not going to be allowed to masturbate, to disturb everyone else.

‘Sore.’ Maiko squirmed, shaking her small breasts. ‘Do these pegs have to stay on my nipples all night, Doll-Sama?’

‘Yes! It will remind you of the need to focus and if you complain again, I will gag you.’

There was silence for a moment as everyone rolled over.

‘Why do we even carry clothes pegs anyway?’ Honey asked suddenly into the darkness. ‘It’s not as if any of us wears enough clothes to need regular washing and drying.’

‘We all carry useful stuff in our packs in case we need it.’ Battle Babe told her. ‘You’ll find Valkyrie carries a washing line.’ The irony in her voice was obvious.

‘It’s rope,’ Valerie informed the camp. ‘It’s for climbing with.’

‘When did we last do any climbing?’ Honey felt mischievous.

‘Go to sleep, Honey!’ Battle Babe said. ‘Or you will end up like Maiko.’

‘Come on, Beeb,’ Honey continued, ‘we all know Val carries the rope so she can play kinky bondage games with Amazonne.’

‘You’ve had your warning young lady!’ Battle Babe told her. ‘Any more and I’m going to ask Val to stake you out.’

‘Why don’t you do it yourself?’ Ellie said petulantly. ‘Afraid you can’t handle it?’

‘You’re a bad girl.’ Val said, appearing looming over Ellie in the darkness.

‘So, spank me!’ Ellie said defiantly.

‘I might just do that,’ Val said, dropping four stakes in front of her. ‘You know what to do.’

‘Fine.’ Ellie said, rolling up onto all fours, picking up the stakes and crawling towards the spot where Maiko lay. If she wasn’t going to be able to bring herself off, she might as well enjoy a little bondage.

Fuck, did I really just think that?

Val tossed her a mallet.

A few minutes later Honey lay on her back beside Katana Girl, once again wearing the large multistrapped ball gag.

---

There was nobody to welcome her to the temple when Amanda arrived and inside there appeared to be a full orgy underway. Casting off the remains of her costume she went inside looking for one of the priestesses she’d met earlier. There were no figures dancing or performing rituals or whatever they were doing on the altar before though bodies writhed, mostly in the horizontal position. There were no priestesses offering drinks either but there were trays of glasses and she took one up, lifting it to her lips and sniffing it.

Tequila.

Amanda downed it enjoying the kick and then took another, downing that too.

Picking up a third she began to weave through the cavorting bodies writhing at her feet, stepping over a pair of semi-naked redheads with their wrists bound and their tongues buried in each other’s pussies.

Now that she knew Ellie was safe she had no qualms about being back in the temple. She was still exhilarated after her duel with the vampire although the victory was tainted by the memory of Val killing the girl (if that was the right way to describe staking an undead creature). She was sure the girl was about to leave anyway as the other vampires had done.

She knocked back the third tequila, wiped her mouth and looked round for a fourth.

This adventure was a lot more fun than she’d been expecting but she still baulked at the thought of senseless killing. Even so, she probably shouldn’t have balled Val out for doing what she probably thought was for the best.

‘Adventuress.’ The redheaded priestess appeared beside her. She had, Amanda noticed, lost her nipple tassels. She’d lost her thong too.

It was a welcome distraction and came as the effect of the tequila began to take hold.

‘Shall we?’ The redhead held out a set of steel cuffs.

‘Why not.’ Amanda presented her wrists and allowed the girl to cuff her.

‘After events such as those tonight, it is important that you are purified again, your sins washed away.’ She took hold of Amanda’s cuffed wrists and led her towards the altar where Amanda was disappointed to see the flagellator was already occupied. However, the redhead clearly had other plans for her and a moment later they were in a small side room where the priestess attached a chain to Amanda’s wrist cuffs and pulled on the other end, hoisting her hands up towards the ceiling. Then the redhead turned and regarded her, hands on hips and playful smile on her face, her blue eyes drifting down Amanda’s body.

‘Are you ready for the ritual of purification?’ She asked.

‘More than you can imagine.’

The priestess smiled. ‘I have a pretty good imagination.’

---

The ritual, it appeared, began with the supplicant being cleansed with scented oil. The redhead dipped her hands into a bowl and then began to anoint Amanda’s body, beginning at the shoulder but quickly slipping her hands down to her penitent’s breasts obviously keen to ensure her nipples in particular were thoroughly cleansed. The warm oil on her skin and the touch of the redhead’s hands were delightfully relaxing and when the woman began to press her body against Amanda’s back, ensuring both their bodies were slippery and glistening with the oil Amanda leant back and nuzzled the priestess’ cheek.

‘I think you have many sins to wash away?’

‘Oh, yes.’ Amanda murmured. ‘Many sins.’

The redhead’s fingers slipped between Amanda’s legs.

‘Then you know I will also have to punish you?’

‘I would expect no less.’ Amanda pressed her cheek against the other woman’s, squirming on her fingers, panting.

At that moment, she heard footsteps, the click of heels on the stone floor and turned to see the blonde priestess that had welcomed her to the temple earlier in the day; the one with the bangs and the cherry red lips in the tight leather bustier and hotpants. Amanda saw that she was carrying a paddle.

‘Is the supplicant ready to be chastised?’

‘Yes, Sister.’

Much to Amanda’s disappointment, the redhead stepped back, her fingers sliding out of Amanda’s pussy but then she stood in front of her and kissed her full on the lips.

Smack.

The paddle fell on Amanda’s bottom and she gasped even as the redhead’s tongue entered her mouth.

‘She says she had much sin to expunge,’ the redheaded priestess said, pulling away as the second blow landed. ‘This may take us some time.’

‘We have all night,’ the blonde said, bringing the paddle down for the third time as the redhead kissed Amanda again.

---

##### Chapter 48: Amanda’s Adventures in Bondageland

---

Amanda’s bottom was burning but it wasn’t as hot as her pussy. While the blonde had spanked her repeatedly with the paddle, the redhead had engaged in a game of tonsil hockey with her tongue sometimes so far down Amanda’s throat that she could barely breathe. During all this, the redhead’s hands had roamed freely over Amanda’s body, stroking, caressing, cupping, squeezing and probing so that every inch of her skin seemed to tingle and her pussy was drooling freely.

‘I think she is ready,’ the redhead said finally, breaking their passionate kiss for a moment, her fingers going to Amanda’s rigidly erected and bullet-hard nipples and pinching them gently.

‘More than ready,’ Amanda gasped, her body craving orgasm with an intensity she could hardly grasp. It was so long since she’d felt as free as this, sex purely for her pleasure with no strings, albeit with chains attached to her wrists.

The redhead’s tongue went back into Amanda’s mouth and her fingers slid into her pussy.

The paddle fell again.

And again.

The orgasm was so intense that Amanda screamed, bucking in her chains, grinding her body against the redhead’s who held her tightly even as the blonde continued to paddle her.

---

‘Why do Adventuresses always have so many sins to atone for?’ The blonde said massaging her aching paddle arm as Amanda hung more than stood gasping, slumped, her wrists still chained above her head.

‘It is not our place to question, sister, merely to expunge them.’ The redhead still clasped Amanda, partly supporting her.

‘The goddess would expect no less,’ the blonde agreed, ‘but perhaps we should give her a few moments to reflect.’

‘Indeed.’ The redhead kissed Amanda gently on the cheek and released her grip. Amanda watched her take the blonde’s hand as they walked away from her.

In the corner of the room they turned to face each other and then kissed.

‘I’m feeling a little overdressed in here, Sister,’ the blonde said, ’Expunging sins is hard work. Would you mind disrobing me?’

‘Of course, Sister.’

They kissed again and then the redhead unfastened the blonde’s bustier, releasing the girl’s heavy breasts, the nipples of which were, Amanda noticed with interest, pierced with gold rings. At that moment, the blonde turned to look at her and Amanda quickly looked away.

‘Does my nakedness embarrass you, Adventuress?’ The blonde asked. ‘We should have no shame in our bodies.’

Amanda looked back, watching as the redhead helped the blonde out of her tight black hotpants.

There was a matching gold ring between the blonde’s legs.

‘The rings help with our rituals,’ the blonde explained, ‘to help us contemplate our sins, the high priestess sets predicaments for us that we must endure to help us focus our thoughts.’ She smiled as the redhead dropped to her knees to unzip her thigh boots. ‘Bettina here is new to our orders but will be pierced soon that she may enjoy the full pleasures of the predicament.’

To Amanda, Bettina looked as if she was already enjoying pleasures as she knelt beside the blonde, her knees spread wide and her hands on the girl’s bare thigh.

---

‘So tell us, Adventuress; the Seductress?’ The blonde priestess asked, naked now as she stood in front of Amanda. ‘She is really not your lover?’

‘No.’ Amanda stiffened, whether because of maternal reflexes of unwillingness to admit that this free-spirited Adventuress was on a family holiday of sorts with her daughter and employer.

‘That is surprising.’ The blonde now held a long flexible whip and used to tease Amanda’s right nipple.

‘It’s a little complicated,’ Amanda said, her body already starting to respond to the teasing despite her recent orgasm.

‘It is clear we still have work to do.’ The blonde said, passing the whip to her redheaded companion. ‘The keeping of secrets from a priestess is a sin in itself. Bettina will assist you to purge you of this reticence and if that fails, the feather of truth may help us extract your secrets.’ The blonde turned and strode to the corner, her bare bottom and her bangs swaying as she walked. The pair seemed to keep a stash of bondage equipment and returned with a blindfold.

‘The blindfold is to enhance your other perceptions,’ the blonde explained, standing behind Amanda and lowering it over her eyes. ‘As a keeper of secrets, you will no doubt understand its power.’

The blindfold was heavy leather and blocked out all light leaving Amanda standing naked with her arms chained above her head and completely vulnerable. Anywhere else and Amanda might have felt anxious but three tequilas and one good orgasm in she found it easy to relax, certain that this pair of ‘priestesses’ would not significantly harm her. This view was supported when she felt lips brush her own; a mouth with a different taste, the blonde she assumed, the woman’s cherry red lipstick slick and sweet.

Hands grasped her buttocks and she winced, gasping and allowing the blonde’s tongue to enter her mouth. With her hands clasped firmly to Amanda’s buttocks, the blonde began to rub herself against Amanda’s body in much the same way as the redhead had done earlier; she was aware of the woman’s nipple rings sliding over her own oiled and still stiffly erect nipples. Then the woman moved down, dropping to her knees presumably, hands mercifully leaving Amanda’s buttocks to clasp the backs of her thighs before that same tongue plunged between her legs.

At that moment, the whip fell, striking her right breast and she cried out in surprise bucking slightly and feeling the blonde’s grip tighten on her legs, the tongue probing more intimately.

The repeated sharp strokes from the long whip worked down the slope of her right breast to the nipple before moving to the left was adding a spice to the meal that was the tongue and lips working on her pussy with what she could only describe as consummate skill. The woman, the blonde, seemed to know exactly how and where to touch her while the redhead seemed equally adept at teasing her nipples with a mix of pain and pleasure.

The orgasm when it came was just as intense as the previous one, making Amanda buck her hips forward and thrust out her breasts begging for more.

---

The dawn was breaking when Amanda finally left the temple clutching her boots and the remains of her clothing. The air was chill and she shivered as the mist caressed her skin still glistening with oil from her purification. After walking a few steps unsteadily she paused and shook her head running her fingers through her hair. Every part of her ached but she was becoming used to that and this morning a deep satisfaction comforted her. She walked a little further up the main street of VanillaVille before pausing outside the mayor’s office to sit down and pull on her boots then don the tattered remains of her leather dress, almost torn to ribbons by the vampire’s blade.

‘She could have killed me if she wanted,’ she said to herself wondering if removing the stake from the girl’s heart would revive her like the vampires from tales she was more familiar with. Her feet lead her to the door of the manse, smoke and mist wreathing it in the predawn light.

She was reminded of the festivals she attended, after the drug and alcohol fuelled nights of pleasure, of picking her way among bodies to find somewhere to sleep with a dry mouth and a pounding head, sometimes still clutching her clothes if she could find them; sometimes with her wrists still bound; her body aching, bruises and bite marks on her skin. And here she was twenty years later doing it all again only this time she was clutching a bow and two swords.

She smiled to herself remembering her ordeal at the hands of the priestesses. She’d told them in the end that Ellie was her daughter; she’d had to, stretched naked in a rack the pair had applied goose quills to the soles of her feet and the backs of her knees and her thighs and belly and beasts and…pretty much everywhere until Amanda had squirmed and cried and wet herself and, very nearly, soiled herself too.

The memory felt so good, so warm in her belly, especially when she recalled the orgasm that had followed it, an orgasm that she had only been permitted when she’d satisfied the blonde priestess with her tongue while the redhead had ridden a strap-on fastened to Amanda’s hips.

---

The vampire girl’s body lay where Val had thrown it, splayed unnaturally like a broken doll, the blade still clutched in the pale unmoving fingers, the stake still through her chest.

There was no blood.

She didn’t know if removing the stake would bring the girl back but she recalled it did with the blood sucking kind of vampires; in the movies at least. She bent over the body. The girl really was beautiful, her face even in (…was it) death?, serene, eyes closed as if sleeping.

‘She might kill me, of course,’ Amanda muttered, crouching over the body.

She gripped the stake and pulled it out.

Nothing happened.

‘Oh, well,’ she said quietly, a tear pushing its way from the corner of her eye and running down her cheek. ‘I tried.’ She stroked black hair, brushing a loose strand from her face. The girl looked as if she was Ellie’s age and Amanda felt the anger of the previous evening begin to return. ‘I’m sorry.’ She said standing and turning to find her way to the Party’s camp.

‘Thank you.’ The voice was a whisper, hoarse, like the rustle of dead leaves.

Amanda turned. Cordelia still lay where Amanda had left her but those golden eyes were now open.

‘Thank you,’ the girl repeated. Then she said, ‘Help me.’

‘I...' Amanda was about to ask what she needed her to do but then realised how libido vampire gained their strength. ‘Oh,’ she said, blushing for some reason despite the tawdry night she had just spent with the priestesses. ‘Oh.’ She felt suddenly drained, her body spent.

‘I need…,’ the girl said.

‘I’ll try.’ Amanda knelt beside her and, feeling very self-conscious slid a hand under the remains of her skirt. Her sex was still wet, a mix of her juices and the oil with which the priestesses had ‘anointed’ her. However, she obtained little response.

Besides, doing it in front of this girl who looked Ellie’s age was just wrong.

‘Pleasse,’ the girl said, sounding even weaker than before.

Amanda looked around hopelessly. An hour ago she’d probably been radiating enough sexual arousal to reanimate an army of libido vampires. Then, suddenly, she remembered the nipple rings she’d taken from Ellie. They were in the pouch around her neck where she kept her blade. She reached inside, pulling out Luci’s dagger and the girl beside her flinched.

‘It’s ok,’ Amanda said, trying to reassure her as she grasped the rings and held them up to her breasts. They looked huge. ‘I’m not sure they’ll fit me,’ she said.

The girl smiled weakly. ‘They will.’

Amanda pulled away the remains of her top and held the rings to her nipples, eyes widening as they contracted around them. ‘Oh!’ she said with a smile. ‘That’s…nice.’ Her nipples tingled and she felt a warmth in her breasts, a warmth that was soon reflected in her loins.

Beside her, the girl gave a gasp and seemed to make an attempt to sit up but she fell back.

‘More…,’ she said.

Amanda slid a hand under her skirt again and this time felt the warmth increase. A vision of the priestesses came to her mind, the blonde with the beautiful face and the shiny bangs being undressed by the redhead as Amanda stood naked and chained, her body still filled with the heat of her first orgasm of the night.

‘Yess,’ the girl hissed.

But it wasn’t enough, even with the resilience of her avatar body Amanda couldn’t excite herself any further. She looked down at the girl again but it was no use, beautiful as she was, Amanda felt only maternal feelings towards her.

‘I think we’ll have to try something else.’

---

To the eyes of an Adventuress, the trail to the camp was unmissable and Amanda followed it easily, dropping to a crouch when she saw Val apparently on watch. However, when she crept a little closer, she could see the blonde was leaning against a tree, eyelids drooping. ‘Moving Silently’ was, like ‘Tracking’ an adventuress skill and she was soon in the camp, noting Ellie and Maiko were both staked out. Maiko was clearly being punished with the pegs pinching to her nipples; it looked like she had been beaten too and Amanda wondered if this was also a punishment or whether allowing herself to be injured was the cause of it.

Both girls were asleep as were Bu-Shi-Doll and Battle Babe.

She located Ellie’s satchel and opened it, hoping to find what she needed and a little unsure if she knew exactly what she was looking for. The bag seemed to be huge inside and she was forced to reach in but there was what she was seeking; the Wands of Desire. She clasped one feeling the pleasurable tingle of experience and then just managed to stop herself crying out as she felt the unmistakable sensation of Levelling up.

‘That can only help.’ She thought, her body trembling as she closed the satchel and crept silently back out of the camp.

---

When Amanda slid the wand inside herself, it was as if some bond had been released; the pleasure was intense, flooding her.

‘Fuck,’ she thought, ‘does Honey feel this all the time?’

She could barely stop her hands going between her legs and a moment later she was heading to her first climax.

‘Careful.’ A hand grasped her wrist. A firm hand with a firm grip. ‘Sslowly.’

‘Oh, sorry.’

Cordelia’s hand released her and she noticed a slight scratch on her wrist from the girl's nails before closing her eyes, trying to be a little more measured. With the first orgasm spent, controlling her arousal was easier and enjoyable. She didn’t masturbate much these days, with Val’s demands on her body, she didn’t need to although on one occasion her mistress had kept her in enforced chastity, locking a steel belt on her like the one Maiko wore. It had been fun at first and then her needs had grown and, although she’d tried to control them, she’d eventually succumbed managing what was largely a nipple orgasm as she straddled the sofa riding it like a rodeo cowboy. Ellie had nearly caught her that time and she’d claimed she’d been doing aerobics to explain her breathlessness and her sweating.

The memory of it reminded her of the joy she’d experienced when she’d first submitted to Val; that itch that had not been scratched for so long. It made her feel guilty for running off to the temple for her assignation with the priestesses and for the pleasures she’d enjoyed there.

‘Try not to orgassm,’ the girl said beside her, her voice stronger now.

‘Yes, Mistress.’

She said it with a degree of irony but the words tripped easily off her tongue and she enjoyed them. ‘I really am quite submissive,’ she thought. Here she was obeying a girl she barely knew, wanking openly on her knees at her behest and thoroughly enjoying it. Something brushed her nipple and she opened her eyes to see the girl’s fingers teasing it, saw the intensity in the girl’s golden eyes and realised that whatever maternal feeling she might have had for this girl had gone and her desires were purely sexual.

The girl pinched her nipple above the little gold ring that encircled it, smiling as she pulled it, stretching Amanda’s breast.

Amanda gave a little gasp and the girl knelt up, facing her, still holding on to Amanda’s nipple then reached for the other doubling her pleasure. Then the girl kissed her, her lips cool and Amanda moaned with pleasure.

‘You are ssso ssubmissive,’ the girl said.

‘Yes, Mistress.’ There was no irony this time.

Amanda felt herself thrown backwards, the girl now crouching over her, legs straddling her, one hand pinning Amanda's wrists above her head.

‘And you are very lustful.’ A forked tongue flicked over the girl’s lips and Amanda froze as the lips drew back exposing fangs.

‘Are you going to…kill me?’

The girl smiled. ‘Perhapss.’

‘May I cum first?’ Amanda said.

The girl tossed back her head and laughed.

---

#### Chapter 49: The Morning After

---

‘Are you ok, Honey?’

Ellie opened her eyes, she was still lying on her back spread-eagle, wrists and ankles bound to the stakes.

‘Hey, Mum.’ She grinned as Amanda pulled the gag out of her mouth and struggled but not much. Amanda was, she could see, tired and yet her expression radiated contentment and Ellie smiled at the realisation of how thoroughly her mother was enjoying this adventure.

‘I like the new outfit.’ She said, looking at the array of leather ribbons that were loosely knotted around Amanda’s chest and hips to form a rudimentary bra and skirt that did little to hide what lay beneath. ‘Wait, are those my nipple rings?’

‘You didn’t seem to want them so I thought I’d give them a try.’

‘Did you share them with the priestesses?’

‘No.’ Amanda tried to hide her smile blushing at the intimacy of her daughter’s question.

‘With someone else then.’ It was Ellie’s turn to smile.

‘Perhaps.’ Amanda looked away.

‘So can I assume that while I’ve been lying here bound and gagged you’ve been out enjoying yourself.’

‘I might have been.’ Amanda grinned. ‘I’ve just advanced to Level 2.’

‘That’s great, mum.’

‘Amanzonne!’

‘Amazonne,’ Ellie said, rolling her eyes. ‘Does that mean the warrior princess inside you is going to take advantage of me?’ Ellie said. The words were in jest but even as she spoke them she was reminded of her unfilled need.

‘Of course not.’ Amanda said, the horror of Ellie’s suggestion evident in her voice. ‘I’m still your mother.’

‘Shame.’ Now she looked at the steely blue eyes of her Amanda’s avatar and the heaving breasts and those strong arms she could begin to understand the lascivious looks Val had been giving her. Here in Fantasia X you could just take physical pleasure when you chose and how easy it was to do that based on looks alone.

‘Do you feel like this all the time?’ Her mother asked, interrupting her thoughts. ‘Horny, I mean.’ She gestured to the rings still on her nipples.

‘Horny.’ Ellie said, lying back and looking up at the sky. ‘You have no idea.’

‘Well, I can understand your needs a little more now so if you need to...' Amanda looked away, clearly embarrassed, ‘…satisfy yourself, you’d better go and do it.’

Ellie grinned, enjoying her mother’s discomfort. ‘Sure you wouldn’t like to help me?’

‘Honey!’

‘Alright, mum.’ Ellie said, almost disappointed. ‘Just untie me.

When she’d freed Ellie’s hands, Amanda turned away and Ellie’s hands leapt to her pussy, the fingers of one hand spreading her labia, the other rubbing herself furiously.

‘You could at least wait until I’d untied your ankles.’

‘Perhaps I’m starting to enjoy bondage.’ Ellie grunted, her fingers still working furiously on her sex even as she considered using a Seduction on Amanda. ‘Perhaps I’m still hoping you’ll take advantage of me.’

‘Ellie, stop it.’

‘What?’ Ellie said, ‘you want me to stop masturbating in front of you?’

‘No, I want you to stop suggesting I could take advantage of you.’ Amanda said. ‘And you could be a bit more discreet about…you know.’ Amanda drew her knife and freed Ellie’s ankles.

Ellie scrambled to her feet. ’Alright mum, just give me a few minutes and I’ll be with you.’

---

Fifteen infuriating minutes later, Ellie emerged into the camp, red-faced and decidedly unsatisfied.

‘Ah, there you are Honey,’ Battle Babe said. ‘Val, you’d better tie her hands.’

‘What?’ Ellie froze, her gaze turned on the party leader. ‘You’re going to keep me tied up because I have…needs.’

‘Yes, I’m having you tied up because you were masturbating.’

‘So,’ Ellie said, ‘it’s not a crime. I’m a Seductress by Aphrodite’s wet clit!’

Ellie grimaced at the expression she’d just used. Sometimes the AI wasn’t helpful at all.

‘But you're still frustrated which means you were bitten by one of the vampires.’

Ellie gestured to the sky. ’It’s daytime and I’m not shrivelling up.’

‘It was a libido vampire,’ the Warrior said patiently. ’You have bite marks on your neck and scratches from their talons. You stay bound until I know you haven’t been turned.’

Val appeared behind her.

‘Can I dress first?’

‘Do you have anything to wear?’

Ellie shrugged thinking of the corset stockings and toe boots she’d arrived in camp wearing. ‘I guess not but can I put my boots back on?’

‘That makes sense.’ BB nodded. ‘Though I still can’t believe you can walk in these heels.’

‘Some of us got it!’ Ellie said as Amanda passed her pink boots. ‘Thanks, mum. Can you put the other kit in my satchel, you never know when one of us will need to get dressed again.’ Then she put her hands behind her back and allowed Val to tie them there.

Val looped a cord around her wrists and tightened it. Then she tied Ellie’s elbows.

‘Is that really necessary?’ Ellie said, ’or do you just want to make my tits stick out?’

‘I like to do a thorough job.’

‘Yeah, right,’ Ellie said, ‘I’ve seen you ogling my body.’

‘Perhaps if you behave like a slut, you get treated as one.’ Val said in a low voice as she looped a cord round Ellie’s neck and pulled it down between her legs, tightening it against her crotch and deep into her buttocks. ‘Want some breast bondage too?’

‘Go on then.’ Ellie glanced at her mother who was frowning but said nothing. You’re going to do it anyway.’

Val grinned, looping rope around Ellie’s right breast, cinching it tight before doing the same with the left one then she wrapped a harness of rope around Ellie’s shoulders, pulling everything tight before tying the ends off.

‘Want me to do you too?’ Val said to Amanda when she’d finished.

‘Maybe later.’ Amanda said coldly, adding after a short pause. ‘Mistress.’

‘If we’re done with our morning bondage session let’s move out.’ Battle Babe called. ‘I want to reach the caravan route to Thoth by mid afternoon.’

‘Why we hurry?’ Bu-Shi-Doll asked.

‘I just want to get there that’s all,’ the big Warrior said and Ellie could tell she was lying.

---

It was late afternoon when Bu-Shi-Doll, leading the party, stopped and held up her hand.

‘Something coming,’ the Samurai said. ‘Wagon, I think.’

Bu-Shi-Doll loped forwards and climbed a rise to the side standing at the top and shielding her eyes.

‘Well, this is a coincidence,’ Battle Babe said. ‘Anyone up for a little action?’

Ellie saw the look of surprise on Bu-Shi-Doll’s usually passive face.

‘I’m up for it,’ said Val, drawing her blade. ‘Any excuse to use this baby.’

She ran her fingers along the magic sword, caressing it gently.

‘Are we going to rob them?’ Amanda looked puzzled. ‘Is that strictly legal?’

‘We’re in the Badlands,’ Val said. ‘It’s the law of the jungle. No Watch out here.’

‘But there’ll be guards?’

‘Probably.’ Battle Babe gave a shrug. ‘Doll, you take Maiko and go behind that rock. Amazonne, you get up on the rise. Use your bow. Val, you and I will come out of the trees.’

‘What about me?’ Ellie said.

‘You’ll be tied up over there.’

‘What?’ Ellie said, struggling uselessly against her bonds. ‘Aren’t you going to let me fight?’

‘You can’t fight like that.’

‘Then untie me.’

‘And let you get yourself killed? I’m trying to get this party safely to Thoth.’

‘I promise to stay out of trouble and I don’t have any more Potions.’

‘I want you out of the way.’

‘Allow me.’ Val pulled more rope and the gag from her pack and snatched up Ellie’s rope leash. Ellie tossed her head and pouted but didn’t resist as she was led away.

‘Gonna grope me again?’ Ellie said as she was led behind a convenient rock.

‘Isn’t that what you want?’ Val said, pulling Ellie to her knees by her leash. ‘That sweet body of yours must be burning up if you can’t orgasm.’

Ellie looked at the blonde, trying not to shudder. The desire was almost overwhelming, a selfish desire. She could use a Seduction or perhaps a Persuasion, the crutch rope was just adding to her need but even then, she knew it was wrong.

‘I’m surprised you’re not begging me,’ the blonde said, binding Ellie's ankles.

‘I’m fine.’ Ellie said though her need was almost unbearable and being tied like this was, she had to admit, only increasing the desire she felt in a way that wasn’t just related to the crotch rope.

Val pushed her onto her belly and bound her thighs.

‘I’m not going anywhere.’

‘Perhaps I just enjoy tying up slutty little blondes.’ Val pulled her ankles up violently and Ellie felt her heels touch her elbows.

‘Hey!’ Ellie protested.

‘Time for the gag, I think.’

Ellie opened her mouth and Val pushed the huge ball inside it. Somehow it seemed to slip in more easily now and then her head was winched back turning her body into a taut bow.

Then Ellie felt Val’s hands on her breasts. The brief touch after she’d taken the Potion of Courage was nothing compared to this. Binding her breasts with rope had been gratuitous but this was sheer wanton groping.

And yet, it just made Ellie more horny.

‘You are a hot little thing.’

Ellie’s nipples swelled under Val’s touch and her pussy drooled even more. She knew she shouldn’t be enjoying it but the blonde’s hands on her helpless body was causing sensations she could barely describe. If only those hands would move to her pussy.

Then, suddenly, those hands were gone.

---

There were eight guards and a heavy wagon pulled by two black ponies of the four legged variety driven by a woman in the blue of the Merchant. The guards marched four to a side two ahead and two behind the wagon while the other two walked beside it, all wore leather armour and a tabard in Merchant Blue.

Amanda’s arrow took the first guard in the thigh and she saw him stumble. She was unhappy about this ambush; it didn’t feel right and she didn’t want to kill for no good reason. She was an Adventuress, not an Assassin.

Battle Babe showed no such compunction, decapitating the next guard in a single swing of her axe before he had a chance to react so that blood fountained from his neck before the body toppled forward then she stepped in to catch one of the ponies’ bridles. Val finished the next one with her magic blade before he could draw his own sword and moved to engage the next one. On the far side Bu-Shi-Doll took one with her nagenata while Katana Girl duelled briefly with another before running him through and rounding on the next next one as the one behind threw down his sword and ran.

It was over almost instantly leaving for the Merchant and the guard with the arrow in his leg.

Amanda saw the Merchant try to start the ponies running, shaking the reins and using her whip but Battle Babe held the bridle firmly and caught the whip in her gloved hand. The wounded guard lay groaning, clutching his leg, his sword still sheathed until Val ran the man through.

---

Amanda walked down the slope shouldering her bow.

‘Is everyone ok?’ Battle Babe called but she didn’t look around. She was staring at the Merchant even as she wiped blood from her shiny steel breastplate with the cloak of a fallen guard.

There were sounds of affirmation but she appeared not to notice them.

‘Time to search the bodies.’ Val crouched over the man at her feet.

‘I doubt they’re carrying much.’ Battle Babe took a step towards the Merchant, a redheaded woman who was staring back at the Warrior.

‘Waste not, want not,’ Val said, rolling the fallen man over.

‘Search that one there,’ Bu-Shi-Doll directed Katana Girl.

‘Hai, Doll-sama.’ The little warrior laid her katana down and squatted beside the heavy body. Despite her small size, she rolled the man over easily. He had several wounds to the head and chest and his head lolled at an alarming angle. There was a purse at his waist and the little oriental girl reached to take it. As she did so, Amanda saw the guard behind her suddenly roll over and attempt to drive his dagger into the girl’s back. She started to shout a warning but even as she did so there was a whir of sound and a blur of motion as Bu-Shi-Doll reacted, her naginata severing the man’s arm before he could land the blow and he fell back, eyes wide, staring at the stump of his right arm.

Katana girl stood in surprise.

‘Fool.’ Bu-Shi-Doll’s reprimand made Amanda start and she saw Katana Girl drop to her knees, placing her forehead in the mud at the older woman's feet.

‘Forgive me, Doll-sama.’

Bu-Shi-Doll stood above her apprentice for enough time for the girl to register the full horror of her mistake then dropped her wakizashi into the mud beside the kneeling girl.

‘Finish him.’

‘Hai.’ Katana Girl picked up the weapon and turned towards the dying man.

‘I punish you later.’ Bu-Shi-Doll turned away as Katana girl plunged the dagger into the man’s heart.

---
