---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Servitium Amoris
authors:
- TransAmy
tags:
- F/f+
- tg
- slave
- wedding
- collar
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2021-06-20 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 14 – Wedding Bells

Angela sat in her living room anxiously waiting, this morning would be an especially important meeting and the first guests were due to arrive shortly.

Several cars pulled into the drive and Wilson went out to greet the guests. After the brief formalities four people sat in the living room.

Mistress Angela was hosting the emergency meeting, and in attendance were Mistress Sarah, Mistress Scarlet and Master Tom.

“Thank you all for coming today, I believe you all know why I have called this meeting. I am deeply concerned by recent revelations that I was unaware of until now," said Angela.

“Likewise, I was unaware of these outrageous goings on, it is indeed a sad state of affairs the Institute finds itself in,” added Sarah.

“I’m afraid it’s worse than you think, I was ousted from the council some years ago now, I fought Vivien and her cronies at every opportunity; alas it was no good. Their misdeeds and shenanigans grow more twisted by the day," said Scarlet.

“As you all are aware, my daughter has been training for a few years now, she has bloomed and her talent is outgrowing my teachings, yet the council refuse to acknowledge her potential, we all know why. I agree this must be stopped, but what can we do?” asked Tom.

“This new attitude is not so new, it’s been growing ever since we lost Stephanie, god rest her soul, but just in the past few years it has gotten worse, new houses are joining the Institute every week, these people are untalented wannabes, the whole Institute is now a free for all for anyone who can raise an arm in anger. It sickens me to say, but I fear the time has come to move on," said Scarlet.

“I refuse to lay down, you all know where I stand and the reasons I have for doing so, but I must have your support, you all still have a high standing within our ranks, there must be a weakness we can exploit in these barbarians!" said Angela.

“Angela, I feel your pain, we all do. But there is only one way we can stop this, and you all know what that is," said Sarah.

“Ah, the myth!" said Tom.

“Come on Tom, be positive at least!" said Sarah.

“He’s right Sarah, I refused to believe it myself, but if the boy hasn’t come forward by now then he never will," said Angela.

“Then all hope is gone.” Added Scarlet.

“There must be a way, there has to be!" said Angela.

“I have spent the last two years trying to track him down, the boy is a ghost. The solicitor has since passed, not that he spilled any information. I am of the firm belief that he was somehow corrupted by Vivien and the boy is lost. But I have no evidence of foul play, just suspicion," said Sarah.

“Then until we think of a way, there is nothing to be done. I move for starting a new foundation!" said Tom.

“That would be the sensible thing to do, and if you chose this path then you will always have my support. But as I previously said, I cannot let this go. I will fight with or without your support," said Angela.

“I suggest we all sleep on this for a few days, Angela you have a big day ahead of you. The last thing you need is to be worrying about this. The problem is here already, it will be here in a few days’ time. Let’s enjoy this day and put on a brave face for the sake of Betsy and Amy," said Scarlet.

“I agree," said Tom.

“I also," said Sarah.

“Thank you all, we will reconvene in a few days, hopefully some headway can be found. In the meantime, I will see you all for the celebrations this afternoon. It should be quite the party!" said Angela.

“Oh, and Tom I need to speak with you regarding Freya," said Angela. Sarah and Scarlet made a tactical exit and left them alone.

“Funny, I was going to say the same to you!" said Tom.

“I witnessed a sample of her skills the other day, and I must say it was very impressive. I see a lot of you in her, especially her word play!" said Angela.

“Yes, she has become exceptionally good, she is also as skilled with her whip technique. I have seen her turn a slave to a quivering mess of sexual pleasure with her attentions, and not leave a single mark. But, she has so much left to learn, lessons I cannot teach," said Tom.

“Tom, I understand, and I am offering my services; I can teach her those things, if you agree?" said a hopeful Angela.

“I have already told Freya I would ask you, and she is hopeful and excited to have the chance to study under you Angela. I would be honoured if you would accept her as your pupil," said Tom.

“I accept," said Angela with an excited grin.

“Thank you, Angela, I know she will be pleased, I will make the arrangements within the next few weeks," said Tom.

The old friends hugged. The deal was struck.

The wedding was planned for four in the afternoon, the store would close at half day so all could be ready for the ceremonies. Amy and Betsy were enjoying being pampered for the whole day.

Elsie and Nicola were helping them and assigned to be their personal assistants for the day. Julia was with Mistress Angela and helping with last minute preparations.

This left Ellie and Petra to mind the store. With only an hour left to run before closing, a young woman walked in. She was dressed in a track suit of all things and wore the Institute pendant for the rank of Mistress.

Barely 20 years old she was full of attitude and overly rude. Ellie and Petra were doing all they could to remain polite and civilised.

“I demand you slaves, demonstrate this piece of equipment!” shouted the young woman.

“I’m sorry Mistress, but this service is not available today, please accept our apologies and a substantial discount for your inconvenience," said Petra.

“That is not good enough," said the rowdy Mistress, who then picked up a crop from the shelf and struck Petra on the face, leaving a nasty mark on her cheek.

Petra was completely professional about the whole episode, and even after this assault she still tried to please the woman.

“Mistress, please obey rule 2, your conduct is unprofessional and shames the Institute," said Petra holding her stinging face.

“Rule 2, obey my commands without hesitation!” shouted the Mistress.

“Mistress, please there are stipulations to the rule, you must obtain my Mistress’s permission before punishing me," said Petra.

“No, I do not, and who the hell do you think you are to tell a Mistress to obey? I’m going to have you serving in my dungeon for the rest of your miserable days you stupid cunt of a slave!" said the out-of-control woman, who then raised the crop again.

At this point Ellie had seen enough, and in one super-fast move had the hapless Mistress on the floor with her arm twisted and jammed into her back. The woman was screaming in pain, Petra finally called security to escort her off the premises.

The whole episode was captured on CCTV, Mistress Angela was informed immediately after. Within twenty minutes extra security had turned up and the store was closed for the rest of the day.

Petra was impressed with Ellie’s speed and technique, the take down was very professionally done and looked almost military in style. Petra wondered when she ever had the time to learn how.

But Ellie had learnt from a talented teacher in martial arts, a man called Terry. He would teach her every week for at least four hours in self-defence moves. Ellie was a quick learner and soon mastered the techniques on seasoned veterans, Terry’s friends.

Angela told the girls not to worry, they did the right thing, and all the evidence was on camera. But secretly this whole episode disturbed her deeply.

She was sure Vivien would exploit this somehow, but she tried her best to put it to the back of her mind. She had a wedding to attend, and nothing was going to ruin the day.

The weather was simply perfect, a good job too, as the ceremony was going to be in Angela’s spacious garden. A crowd was already gathering, a steady stream of guests were arriving, and Wilson had never been so busy.

Amy and Betsy had decided they wanted a simple affair, sure they wanted all the pampering that comes with the special day in a woman’s life, but they weren’t keen on all the traditions.

Angela had arranged for an old friend in Father Thomas to perform the ceremony. He was a lovely man and was aware of the lifestyle Angela chose.

Whilst his morals didn’t agree with some of the fundamental elements of the BDSM scene, he recognised that people had different needs. If they were consensual, he was fine with it.

He had already met with Amy and Betsy who had told him what their preferred wording would be for their vowels. Whilst he declared it was a first for him, he could see the young couple were incredibly happy and in love. Who was he to stand in the way of such devotion to one another?

The happy pair had been promised by Angela that the day was theirs to go as they wanted. Though Angela would have preferred a huge fan fare, and been involved in every minute detail, she allowed her slaves the privilege of some privacy and secrecy for some things.

So, in the late afternoon on a wonderful summer’s day, some 60 guests had gathered. Angela sat with her friends who had recently come to town, she wore a floral dress, which made her look unrecognisable in the contrast of her normal attire, which tended to always be dark leather of some kind.

Her matching hat and perfect make up made her look every part a proud mother. The music started, something Betsy had insisted on arranging, much to Amy’s concern.

She need not have worried, ditsy Betsy as the girls loved to call her was also a hopeless romantic at heart. Amy’s love of music centred around her idol Katy Perry, and Betsy had found the perfect track to play as they walked down the aisle.

Unconditionally, by the aforementioned Miss Perry started to play and the first pair of bridesmaids Ellie and Elsie walked down the aisle, they were positively beaming and looked absolutely stunning in their peach summer dresses.

Petra and Julia were just behind looking equally as beautiful. One more pair of bridesmaids to come, Nicola and a last-minute decision saw Freya accept an offer to become one.

Her and Amy had become close over the past days and Betsy was also a big fan, even though Betsy liked almost anyone who smiled at her!

Nicola and Freya joined the others who had all turned to watch a proud Pete escort Amy down the aisle.

Amy was looking absolutely stunning, her long white dress, which was strapless clung to her perfect body which looked incredibly slim at the waist, her breasts pushed up showing an ample cleavage and long hair flowing down her back laced with pansies.

Betsy followed shortly after, identically dressed and escorted by her favourite man in the world, Uncle Terry. Betsy was so happy, her face which was always one of joy and laughter looked even brighter today.

The whole procession was perfectly timed as the music faded, and Father Thomas began the ceremony.

“Dearly beloved, we have gathered here today to witness the joining of Amy-Colette and Elizabeth Anne," said Father Thomas, who then motioned to Amy.

Amy took Betsy’s hand and began to slide a ring onto her finger.

“Elizabeth, Betsy, my love, my life, my passion, I take thee, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death and beyond, I pledge my unconditional love to you forever more.

When we first met, I knew you were my future, you have shown me the true nature of intimacy, you’ve made me laugh, made me cry with joy, you make me think that everything matters, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, or can imagine. Whilst that is easy to see, it is the least interesting thing about you. You are the most amazing thing in my life, and I am the luckiest woman to have you. I love you Betsy, and I always will," said Amy who’s eyes were staring into her lovers.

Betsy now took Amy by the hand and couldn’t resist squeezing; her excitement was so. She began to slide a ring onto Amy’s finger.

“Amy-Colette, my love, my life, my passion, I take thee, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death and beyond, I pledge my unconditional love to you forever more.

Amy, when we first met, I was blind, but I felt your presence and then felt your touch. An energy hit me in that moment and my life was ignited by your spark. Every day I think I couldn’t love you any more than I do, every day I am wrong. You are the first thing I think about when I wake, you are the last thing I think about when I go to sleep, you are in my dreams. You are in me; you are my love for always and forever," said Betsy, who was also looking only at her lover’s eyes.

“We have witnessed Amy-Colette and Elizabeth Anne share their devotion to each other, and now ask you join me in congratulating them, Amy-Colette, Elizabeth Anne, by the love that has brought you here today and by the vows you have pledged, it is with great pleasure, and with the power vested in me, I now pronounce you wife and wife. You may kiss your bride," said the Father.

Amy and Betsy held each other close and gave each other the most loving of gentle kisses, a kiss that lingered for a good short time. As they broke their kiss, they both looked straight to Angela, who was at this stage full of tears, and quite possibly the proudest person on the planet.

The bridesmaids who were also looking very emotional gathered with some of the other young ladies, it was a special occasion as there were two bouquets to catch!

Amy and Betsy turned their backs and on a count of three threw the bouquets over their heads. The first was caught by Ellie, the second by Freya.

Ellie, on catching the flowers, looked to just one person, her Angela, her Mistress, her Angel. Angela was watching, she saw the look from Ellie, she smiled and silently acknowledged her love for her.

They knew what they meant to each other, and that was all they needed.

Amy looked over to Nicola and gave her a nod, Nicola quickly went and retrieved a small, wrapped gift box and brought it back to Amy and Betsy. They went over to Angela who gave them both a hug.

“You two look so beautiful today, I am so proud of you and your vowels were just the most beautiful ever," said Angela with great delight.

“Mistress Angela, me and Amy have bought you a gift, a token of our marriage as you are as much a part of it as us. We hope you like it," said Betsy full of excitement. Then they gave the gift box to her.

“Thank you, girls, I am honoured, and I will treasure this gift," said Angela as she unravelled the gift box. Inside she found a ring just like their own wedding bands. An inscription ran around the band which Angela read out aloud.

“Amorum domina nostra,” said Angela then looked to the girls.

“Look on the inside," said Betsy, all excited.

“Amy, Betsy,” said Angela reading the inscriptions.

“Girls, this is beautiful, and will never leave me, my Latin is not what it used to be, but this one I know. Our Mistress of love, it’s perfect girls, thank you," said a teary Angela, who then placed the ring on her finger.

The reception party was in full flow, Amy and Betsy had their first dance to the track Endless Love, Lionel Ritchie/Diana Ross.

After a few hours, the happy couple waved goodbye and set off on their honeymoon, they were off to a private villa in Spain for a few weeks.

It had been a long day and Angela was exhausted, almost everyone had gone home, only the house staff were still pottering around cleaning up. She was just about to head into her living room to relax, when she noticed the basement door was open.

She went down to investigate and found Ellie, sitting alone on the slave bed. She was just staring off into space, oblivious to the world.

“Ell?" said Angela, using the shortened version of her name, the one reserved for when it was just the two alone.

“What are you doing down here babe?” Angela said, her Mistress persona all but gone when the two were alone. Ellie looked upset; Angela knew the signs by now.

“I screwed up; I’ve ruined everything," said Ellie, beginning to cry.

“Why, how?" said Angela.

“That stupid cow today at the store, I keep looking back at it in my mind, it was a setup, I should’ve known better," said Ellie, her tears slowly turning to anger.

“Why do you say that what am I missing?” asked Angela.

“I saw her outside hanging around, she was waiting for the right moment, plus nothing added up, she asked us to demonstrate some equipment, she didn’t even look at any! I should have seen it, why was I so blind!” Ellie was getting angrier with herself.

“Ell, it’s not your fault, you did what you could, and you saved Petra, no one else is like you, my secret ninja!" said Angela trying to cheer her up. It worked, a little. Ellie cracked a half smile.

Angela had gotten on the bed and sat next to her, put an arm around her and pulled her in for a cuddle.

“We’re gonna get through this, Ell, I promise," said Angela, her accent creeping back, it always did when her life got deeply personal.

“I know, because I’m going to fix it Angel, I can’t let you fall for this," said Ellie, a determination in her eyes, a look Angela had not seen in many years.

“What are you talking about, I don’t want you doing anything stupid," said Angela getting worried.

“I need to leave Angel, I need you to do something you’re going to hate, but I need it," said Ellie, she was getting emotional again.

“Ell, you’re scaring me," said Angela.

“I know you tell the girls these collars are for life, and I get it, it’s a commitment, a willing submission, but I also know you would release them any time they wanted out," said Ellie.

“Ell, what are you getting at?” asked Angela, who felt her stomach turn at a sad realisation that was coming to her.

“Release me Angel, I need out, I need to run so you don’t get hurt. I need to be free from the trackers so I can execute the plan," said Ellie with a determination.

Angela felt the tears rolling down her cheeks, she always knew that one day one of her girls would ask this, but not Ellie, she was her lover, she was more than one of the girls.

“The plan? That sounds very much like someone else I know talking, not you Ell," said Angela, it was her turn to get angry.

“Come on Angel, you must see what’s happening, and no amount of council meetings is gonna change anything, we need to take action, and me and Terry can handle it, he’s trained me well, I can handle myself," said Ellie, starting to show a confidence, a confidence Angela wished she had shown all those years ago.

Then they could have been real lovers, instead of hiding behind a Mistress/slave relationship.

“Ell, going down that path is making us no better than them, I can’t allow that," said Angela, trying to play the moral high ground.

Ellie looked at her and shook her head.

“Angel, it’s a dog-eat-dog world, and sometimes you need to get your hands dirty, as you well know, or was that prick in the other room a willing participant in your torture games?" said Ellie, who already regretted mentioning Angela’s secret room.

“That’s different, he was going to hurt my girls, besides that was a mistake," said Angela.

“You think Vivien won’t hurt the girls, that evil witch is going to destroy the Institute and everything it stands for. You, Elsie, Petra and all the others will be collateral damage. You’ll all be spending your lives in some non-con’s dungeon! Is that what you want?" said Ellie.

Angela cried, she knew Ellie was right, but she didn’t want to accept it, and didn't want to fail her promise to Stephanie. The prodigal son was never coming back, the Institute was dead.

Angela reached for her phone, Ellie watched as she opened her slave app and entered her password. Scrolling down she selected Ellie and clicked un-lock.

Ellie felt her collar click open and fall into her lap. She ran her fingers over her neck and suddenly felt naked. She looked at the collar, she couldn’t remember the last time she saw it without a mirror, it was so long ago. She wept.

“Take this Angel, I hope one day you can give it back to me," said Ellie, who then took Angela’s face in her hands, she kissed her gently, tears rolling down her face, then got up and left, stopping only briefly at the door and turning.

“I love you Angel," said Ellie, her words almost a whisper as she fought her emotions, then she turned and was gone.

Angela watched her lover go, tears streaming down her face as she remembered when they first met, the first time Ellie had called her Angel.

Ellie was sixteen, Angela saw her from her car as she sat at the traffic lights. The poor girl was wearing next to nothing, trying to get the cars to stop so she could turn tricks.

She was so small, she looked ill, and she looked miserable. Ellie pulled up and beckoned the girl over.

“If you want a better life than this, one with food always on the table. One with a purpose and love, then get in and don’t look back," said an incredibly young Angela.

The frightened girl looked at this woman who was obviously worth a bit.

“What are you, my guardian Angel?" said a young Ellie. The rest was history.
