---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: To Satisfy A Wager
authors:
- RubberQuean
tags:
- FF-ff
- latex
- catsuits
- corsets
- bond
- transported
- hotel
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2008-10-28 00:00:00
---

If you read "[The Shipping Crate](shipping_crate.html)" you're aware of the wager that Alicia made
with Rachel. Alicia didn't believe that I would make it through the shipping
crate adventure. But, I did, and the time had come for Alicia and Heather to
make good on their wager.

The
four of us met up at Rachel's house one Friday evening. Alicia and Heather were
instructed to bring a variety of rubber gear with them. Before the evening was
over Alicia would be transformed into RubberSlut while Heather would assume her
alter identity LayTexWhore.

Alicia and Heather were instructed to remove their clothes, take a shower and shave
all body hair except for their heads. They also needed to cleanse their bodies
inside and were instructed to administer enemas to each other. The girls
complied and as they stepped into the shower Rachel whisked away their street
clothes. They stepped out of the shower and Rachel and I lathered their bodies
well with a rubber dressing aid. Rachel concentrated on dressing Alicia and I
helped prepare Heather.

Their attire started with a pair of open crotch latex panties with an inflatable butt
plug. I applied a generous amount of
lube to the plug and gently slid it into place. Heather pulled the panties up
snug to her body. Next came a pair of crotchless latex leggings with attached
feet. I carefully routed the inflation tube along the crack of her ass leaving
the pump bulb dangling behind her. Producing a pair of opera length latex
gloves from her suitcase we began to slide them over her arms. I concentrated
on getting all air pockets worked out of the gloves before having Heather pull
on a long sleeved rubber shirt. She tucked the shirt into the leggings and we
smoothed out all wrinkles from the flexible fabric. The first layer of rubber
was complete.

I selected from her suitcase a long sleeved catsuit that had attached feet and
open face hood. The suit had a full crotch-up-the-back zipper. We slathered her
rubber covered body with more lube and worked the suit onto her. After twenty
minutes of stretching and tugging the suit was up to her shoulders. Heather was
beginning to sweat profusely from the exertion. She brushed back her hair and
pulled the hood over her head. I slowly worked the zipper under her crotch and
up her back to where the butt plug inflation bulb was.

Before closing the zipper I gave the bulb several quick pumps while I held my hand
underneath her ass to prevent the plug from backing out. Heather squirmed as
the plug expanded to fill her cavity. Heather indicated that the plug was
expanded as much as she could handle. I positioned the inflation bulb between
her shoulder blades and closed the zipper on the catsuit. Feeling for
the bulb with my fingers I pushed on it a few times verifying that it would
still work. I left Heather to relax on a chair momentarily and went to Rachel's
closet for the next article to dress her in.

Returning from the closet with a rubber waist cincher I instructed Heather to stand with
her back towards me. As Heather held the waist cincher in place I began
threading the rear lace making sure the inflation bulb was still accessible. I
tied a temporary bow in the lace after threading it through the last eyelet.
Stating at the bottom I began pulling the lace tighter. Timing my pulls with
Heather's breathing I slowly worked my way up her back. Heather breathing
became shorter and more rapid the higher I got. I stopped for a few minutes to
let Heather catch her breath and starting pulling the lace from the bottom
again removing every bit of slack I could. I secured the lace and fastened the
8 locking buckles. Her waist was trimmed a full 3 inches. After a few minutes
Heather stabilized her breathing enough for us to continue. We glanced over to
see how Rachel and Alicia we doing.

Rachel handed me a latex hood identical to the one she was now having Alicia pull over
her head. Heather mildly protested as I instructed her to put the hood on. The
hood was a full face heavy rubber pull on style with a long collar. The collar
had multiple rings attached that permitted a locking cable to pass through. Affixed
to the hood was an inflatable gag. Nose plugs had breathing tubes attached that
connected to clips near her ears.

Protruding from the area covering the mouth
was a 5 inch long dildo. Heather reluctantly pulled the mask over her head.
She stubbornly clenched her teeth preventing me from inserting the gag. Rachel
having had the same problem with Alicia came over to assist. Rachel felt for
the butt plug inflation bulb on Heather's back and began pumping it vigorously.
After 10 pumps or so Heather reacted by opening her mouth to complain. Seizing
the opportunity I guided the gag into position as Heather inhaled. I quickly
gave the gag a few pumps seating it firmly in her mouth stopping her protest
quickly. I gently seated the nose plugs and listened for her steady breathing
through the tubes. Through the clear eye shields I could see Heather's vivid
blue eyes sparkle. She was now beginning to enjoy her predicament.

I sat Heather down next to where Alicia was resting to begin fitting the boots we
selected to her feet. Rachel had chosen knee high lace front slave training
boots with a 4 inch platform and 7.5 inch chunky heel for the girls. We laced
them up as tight as we could and secured the laces with small padlocks
preventing removal without the keys. The final piece of their ensemble was a
pair of over the elbow gauntlets with lock rings. Rachel produced 2 plastic
covered steel cables which we threaded through the gauntlet rings around
through the hood rings and finally through the zipper eyelet on their catsuits.
We secured them with another padlock. RubberSlut and LayTexWhore were ready for
their adventure. We stood them up and instructed them to meet us in the garage
while Rachel and I gathered a few more things for their adventure.

Rachel grabbed the hotel registration forms and bus tickets and we headed to the
garage. We found our rubber slaves sitting in the back seat of Rachel's car.
"Now, now RubberSlut you know better. So do you LayTexWhore. Out, out!
You're riding in the trunk like proper slaves do!" Rachel shouted.
RubberSlut and LayTexWhore climbed out of the car as Rachel opened the trunk.
"Oops, I almost forgot. here you go." Rachel placed duct tape over
the eye shields of their hoods.

I help guide the slaves into the trunk so they wouldn't fall or hit their head. Rachel
slammed the trunk shut and said, "Okay let's get our little whores to their
hotel room."

We climbed in and headed out of town. Rachel turned east onto interstate 90 and
set the cruise control. After an hour and a half she steered the car into the
parking lot of the Marriott Hotel. I raised my eyes in shock as I looked at
Rachel. Rachel just winked and gave me a big smile. The entrance sign to the
hotel indicated that they were hosting bridal convention. The hotel was a
flurry of activity. I questioned her, "How are we going to get the girls
inside without raising suspicions?"

"Oh, I've got that all arranged. Be right back." Rachel declared and got out of
the car. She walked up to the doorman and began to chat with him. The doorman
was shaking his head acknowledging he understood. Rachel passed him something
concealed as a handshake and ran back to the car.

"Okay we're all
set." She motored the car up to the front of the hotel. I got out of the
car in disbelief. The doorman snapped his fingers and 2 bellhops came out with
a covered baggage cart. Rachel opened the trunk and without any words the
bellhops had the girls loaded into the cart covering them with a drape and
whisked them off to the elevator.

The bellhops and I waited in the elevator while Rachel checked in at the main desk.
Within a few minutes she joined us and the elevator proceeded up to the 9th
floor. The doors opened and the bellhops led us down the hall. The bellhops
stopped in front of a set of double doors that led to one of the hotel's luxury
suites. I turned to Rachel staring in disbelief and wonder. She just smiled and
nodded her head for me to be quiet. After pushing the cart into the room the
bellhops turned and handed Rachel the keys. She gave them each a $20 bill.

"Thank you miss. If you would just push the cart into the hallway we will remove it
promptly." They bowed and quickly left.

"Wow!" I exclaimed but Rachel quickly covered my mouth with her hand indicating that I
should remain quiet. The room was huge. We were in an entry foyer. To the right
was a reading room, to our left a spacious luxury bath, before were another set
of large double doors. We opened the doors to expose the luxury sleeping room. In the center was a large round bed at least
10 feet in diameter. Half of the wall was covered with floor to ceiling mirrors
making it appear even larger. Rachel motioned to me and we pushed the cart
towards the sleeping room.

"Okay RubberSlut, LayTexWhore, we are at our destination for the evening. Now listen
carefully to my instructions. Any deviation from them will result in swift
punishment." Rachel lashed out with a whip she pulled from under her coat
and snapped it once above the cart. We saw the cart shudder as the occupants
must have cringed at the sound. If you agree slap the floor of the cart one
time each with your hand. The girls quickly responded with one slap each.
"Good. Let us proceed then."

"First rule - Do Not remove the tape covering your eyes. Now one at a time RubberQuean
will guide you from the cart to a position in your room. Remain standing there
motionless while RubberQuean assists your companion. RubberQuean if you would
please."

I pulled back the drape on the cart and assisted RubberSlut to her feet. I led
her to the double doors and turned her to face Rachel. "Remain still while
I get LayTexWhore!" I commanded. RubberSlut nodded her head in submission.
I returned to the cart and helped LayTexWhore get on her feet guiding her to
stand next to RubberSlut.

I turned to see Rachel focusing in with a large format video camera, "Good.
Well done. Now, reach out with your hands and locate your partner."

It was
comical watching them move their arms around trying to find one another without
falling in their tall boots. They found each other and held tightly to one
another for support.

"Okay, RubberSlut with your left arm I want you to
link with LayTexWhore's right arm." The girls quickly complied. "Now
listen carefully. If you screw up you will be punished understood. If so stomp
your left foot once in unison." RubberSlut quickly stomped her left foot
but LayTexWhore was slow to react and stomped her foot shortly after. Rachel
lashed out with the whip striking the air above their heads missing them
purposely. The girls flinched at the sound tripping each other and fell to the
floor. They were a tangle of rubber asses and elbows on the floor struggling to
get back on their feet.

Rachel responded, "That was very sloppy you worthless bitches. Let's try that
again an the count of 3. 1...2...3." The girls stomped their left feet in
unison and maintained their balance. "Very good. Turn around 180 degrees
and walk forward 5 giant steps. I want to see your legs stretching as far as
they can go!"

It was quite the comedy routine seeing them try and remain graceful as they struggled
to walk in the 7.5 inch heels. Rachel diligently recorded their progress on
film. It was difficult to suppress my laughter, my sides were hurting. After 5
awkward steps the girls were in reach of the large round bed in the sleeping
room. "Okay girls we need you to remain still while RubberQuean and I put
the final touches on your rubber outfits."

Rachel presented me with a leather harness and four small padlocks. The harness was
comprised of 6 straps. One strap was placed around their forehead and one
around their neck. A strap passed over each arm next to their shoulder and
thigh forming cuffs that had rings enabling them to be locked on or
together. The cuffs around their thighs had an additional strap hanging from them with another lock loop. With the
harnesses in place Rachel gave them more orders, "Almost finished girls.
Now in front of you is a very large bed. When instructed to do so you will
climb onto it. We will tell you when you are in the center of it. Once there
you will assume a traditional 69 position for us. Get on the bed now!"

The
rubber covered slaves slowly climbed on to the bed. Rachel exclaimed,
"That's far enough, now assume the position, RubberSlut you will take the
bottom position."

The rubber clad girls felt each other with their hands and oriented themselves in
the 69 position. Rachel and I quickly secured them in the position with the padlocks. We locked RubberSlut's thighs to LayTexWhore's arms and repeated the
same for the other straps on the other's harness. I lubricated the phallus' on
each of their hoods while Rachel opened the front zipper on their suits
exposing their pussies. We positioned RubberSlut's phallus in front of
LayTexWhore's pussy and guided it in. Rachel grasped the straps on
LayTexWhore's thighs looped them through the ring on the strap on RubberSlut's
forehead, pulling it tight impaling LayTexWhore's pussy with the phallus
securing the strap in place with a padlock. We repeated this with the other phallus
for RubberSlut. We then removed the tape covering their eye shields.

"You're all set girls." Rachel said as we stepped back to admire our handiwork.
"On the bed next to you we have placed 2 envelopes. These envelopes
contain the keys for the locks on the harness fastening the 2 of you together.
One envelope has the keys to RubberSlut's the other the key for LayTexWhore.
The time is now 9:30pm. Room service has been instructed to come and clean the
room after 10 o'clock tomorrow morning. Once you have freed yourselves from the
harnesses you can retrieve your street clothes and the other keys for the
remaining locks from the desk clerk. The clerk will also have your bus tickets
for you. The bus arrives at 11:30 in front of the hotel. Do you have any questions
before RubberQuean and I leave you?" Rachel laughed. "Oh that's right
I almost forgot." Rachel climbed on the bed and took hold of the pump for
RubberSlut's gag and began to pump.

Seeing what she was doing I responded and did the same to LayTexWhore. We stopped
pumping when we noticed both girls cheeks swollen like squirrels gathering nuts
for winter storage. I felt along LayTexWhore's back and found the inflation
bulb for her butt plug. I vigorously pumped it until she started showing noticeable
signs of discomfort. Rachel and I rolled them over and repeated the pumping
process on RubberSlut's butt plug.

We bid them goodbye and left the room. Laughing giddily to ourselves. Rachel's car was
brought around to the front and as we climbed in I inquired, "I thought
you were going to leave their street clothes at the front desk?"

Rachel turned to me laughed and smiled, "What clothes? I left them at my place.
The only thing the desk clerk has are their bus tickets!"
