---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bonesinthedungeon6.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Bones In The Dungeon 6
authors:
- Jackie Rabbit
tags:
- FM+/f
- D/s
- bond
- cuffs
- chain
- gag
- dungeon
- cell
- naked
- bdsm
- whip
- torment
- hum
- medieval
- oral
- climax
- cons/reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**The Bones In The Dungeon 5**](bonesinthedungeon5.html))

**Part 6**

I slept like a rock in my cell despite the "used" way my body felt, and I suspected it would take several days for the marks to fade from my body. I realized I was fortunate not to be permanently damaged by either my Mistress Beth or the muscular man, but perhaps fortune didn't play all that big a part. If I were seriously damaged Henry would notice and realize this was no game between Beth and I, and if she wanted to use me for her own purposes she couldn't hurt me too badly without effecting her plans. If I was to be her show pony, she couldn't treat me too badly without jeopardizing the show, and it was with this new confidence that I addressed her when she came down to collect me several hours later.

"What am I to do today Mistress Beth?", I asked.

"Today you will bathe upstairs in the large tub to help those unfortunate marks fade from your lovely skin, and the other tour guides will show the guests around while you clean this dungeon to spotless perfection."

I was served a proper breakfast with a cup of coffee by Beth herself, to be eaten in my cell as she watched. I was still naked, and Beth looked me over good as I ate, examining the damage she and the muscular dungeon master did to my body. I knew I was correct with my earlier suspicions when I saw her do that, and I smiled at her in a knowing way. She smiled back and told me my meal was a reward for my good behavior last night, and to help kill my awful cock breath.

She smiled with her vulgar "cock breath" comment, and I told her it wasn't so bad once you got used to it, and even kind of empowering to have that level of control over a man while chained and helpless.

"Well those guys want a repeat performance", she said, "but first we have to get our own dungeon master trained up for the public shows less Henry becomes suspicious of my activities".

I was taken upstairs in a bathrobe instead of displayed naked like every other time, and after a luxurious hot bath that helped to fade the marks from my skin, (and other necessary personal things), I was as good as new. I cleaned the dungeon for the rest of the day dressed as a serving wench, and Master Tucker came down to check on my progress with my easy chore several times. I locked myself in "my" cell when the tour guides brought down guests, and I was totally in character as they thought I was very convincing, little did they know.

The next several nights had Master Tucker and I in the dungeons, along with Beth, and she instructed him how to properly secure me in every piece of equipment while I wore nothing at all. The hanging chains, the rack, the whipping post, and the gibbet cage, and last but not least the great wheel. There were other stations, but they were all variations of the hanging chains and only limited by the flexibility of the victim, and the imagination of the dungeon master. Beth wanted him to get used to chaining me up naked, and to be able to treat me as something less than he was.

Master Tucker was a nice man, but he would have to get used to treating me badly and not be quite so nice if he was going to be able to take me where I needed to be. Keeping me naked and chained was only the first step in his training, the second was to stop thinking of me as a fellow human being, and the third no doubt to think I deserved whatever I got. That was the sweet irony of the situation for me, with the witches spell I got so much more than I deserved out of any one of the dungeon's devices, but apparently only at the hands of a man.

I also noticed Master Tucker was constantly aroused, as was I, proving nothing except that he was excited to have this power over me. I wondered what would happen the first time he exercised that power and saw my anticipated reaction to his torments. Would he think there is something wrong with me, or lay into me even harder looking for a reaction that couldn't possibly come from his masculine hands with the protection of the witches spell?

Without any actual torture, (or the resulting pleasurable release for me), I was once again ready for whatever my Mistress desired. I was put back to work by the staff with little mercy, and given humbling chores to perform during the day, for both their amusement and convience. I dusted and cleaned like a good wench should, and I toiled in their place as they were left with free time to think up all sorts of things for me to do.

After closing I was again stripped by the tour guides and chained with my iron collar, wrists and ankles manacles all connected by a single heavy chain, and I was given a new and demeaning list of chores to complete each night. Some of the ladies stayed late just to listen and be amused as my chains rattled throughout the quiet castle, not even remembering a time when I was their superior. Any deficiencies in my work were to be punished by the ladies who assigned my chores, and Beth gave them a leather paddle for the task designed to cause me maximum pain with little possible damage.

Since it was the female tour guides now charge of that part of my servitude, they were especially rough with their punishments, less Beth decided I needed help with my chores and select one of them for the job. The selected woman could always quit as she wasn't trapped like I was, but then she would have to face the charge of hypocrisy from her coworkers and Beth, and it was probably just easier to ensure I was properly "motivated" to finish each night. I found myself on my hands and knees at least once a week when I got behind, and the ladies took turns paddling me, but the witches spell didn't count with those as I felt the full force of them!

With Master Tucker proficient with my restraints, Beth had him practice with the various whips and floggers on the mannequins that she had sent Henry out to get weeks earlier. All were clothed in rags so sensitive visitors didn't see too much of the anatomically correct props, and he practiced with the various whips on them, and could even strip one of it's clothes with the bull whip without marking up it's "flesh". I watched his practice from my cell after my chores were complete, and I thought it "my" cell because I held no expectation of ever sleeping in Henry's bed again, or for that matter even in the castle proper. I watched Master Tucker whip the dolls as I gave him advice on his form, but my thoughts were upstairs with Beth in bed with my Henry, distracting him with her desirable little body so he wouldn't give a seconds thought of her plans for me.

I was actually looking forward to Master Tucker practicing on me instead of the mannequins, and from my cell I offered to trade places with any one of them he wanted, purely for personal reasons. He told me he couldn't, but I quickly told him that was the whole idea of everything we had been doing lately.

"Miss Eckhart will hear us!" he hissed.

Now the truth finally came out, he was scared of Beth! I had no place to talk though, because so was I. However, I doubted that she could possibly trap him in the dungeons for all eternity like she claimed to be able to do to me.

I had that tingle going on behind my belly button and I needed this, or I needed a man to savagely take me, or better yet a man to savagely take me AFTER he flogged me to orgasm... "Gag me then, and you can have at me like I know you want to!" I said, (while purposely staring at his straining manhood), "and both of them won't hear anything but the slap of leather on flesh that they have been hearing for days."

I could tell he wanted to, and that his lust was building just like mine, but he was still just too nice a guy and I knew I had to share my secret with him. "Master Tucker, sir, I get off on this like you just won't believe, and this is the reason Ms. Eckhart has allowed me to volunteer for this privilege. I can be gagged and still use a "safe word" to stop you from going too far, all I have to do is raise both my fingers for you to stop. The gag will keep me from making too much noise, especially if you close and bar both doors from the inside, and don't forget the whole reason you would be doing this back in the day as it makes the reenactment all the more 'real'."

Master Tucker looked as if he didn't understand, and I felt the need to explain. "A prisoner like myself in this, or any other castle in the realm could be roughly interrogated for information, like the whereabouts of some hidden treasure, (and I smiled as the words left my lips even though Master Tucker didn't know why). Another reason could be strictly for punishment, watching a young woman flogged naked in the town square for stealing a loaf of bread would prevent even the most hungry from doing the same, and provide fuel for the lust and fornication that always followed."

"So Master Tucker", I asked playfully, "am I to be a simple thief flogged in the town square until you think I have been properly punished, or a spy to be tormented until I reveal the secret location of some treasure?"

Master Tucker smiled and told me he has had dreams of chaining me to the whipping post ever since he agreed to train as my dungeon master, but that's as far as the dream goes.

"So do it", I told him, "and remember, no mister nice guy".

Master Tucker smiled and made an obvious decision, and he walked over to the heavy doors and closed and bared each so we wouldn't be disturbed. He then opened my cell door and presented me with the panel gag that had been used on me before to great effect, and I opened my mouth and bore down on the bit as Master Tucker buckled it securely. I was lead to the whipping post, (which didn't surprise me), but he had me kneel at it's base instead of stand as he cuffed my wrists around the great post forcing me to embrace it. In that position the smooth post bisected my breasts, but he wasn't done. He then forced me up on my toes into a crouching position, (as if I were straddling the post), with my knees on the far side just like my cuffed wrists. He then slipped a staff behind my knees holding them spread on the far side of the post, and he finished off his very creative restraint with leg irons as he brushed my womanhood without apology.

For a novist it was well thought out, and I wondered if this is how he had dreamed of having me. For my part I wasn't very comfortable, but I wasn't supposed to be as I watched him select the cat from it's position on the wall. The first shot was fairly solid and the sound echoed in the quiet room as I grunted my approval. He was holding back, but the force of the second one still had me bouncing off of the post as I hugged it like a lover. Several more upward on my protruding ass had much the same effect, and he started moving his blows up as I groaned into the gag. I bounced up and down on my toes and ground the post onto my womanhood, and I didn't care that I was making a mess of it with my freely flowing juices.

It felt wonderful, but I was unlikely to orgasm quickly this way despite my obvious desire, and I needed a more extreme experience to "do it" for me. As he worked his way up my back the tails of the cat snuck around and stung my flanks, and then the sides of my breasts in their unique position with the post bulging them out to the side. Master Tucker still held back, and I didn't want him to as he worked me ever so slowly toward a nice, if not powerful orgasm. I clutched the post and squeezed it as hard as I could and continued my grinding, and I suddenly realized he had stopped.

He stepped closer to me and looked concerned, and then removed the large panel gag to ask me if I was all right. I wet my lips before I spoke, but I couldn't hide my frustration. "DON'T HOLD BACK, AND DON'T BE A WIMP, BETH HITS MUCH HARDER WITH THE STRAP THAN YOU DO WITH THE CAT!"

I saw the fire in his eyes with my critique of his less than masculine performance, and he stepped back and picked up the cat once again with my gag forgotten on the dungeon floor. The swing that followed was powerful, as were the many others that night. I tried to keep my noises down, but the first orgasm I had that night at Master Tucker's hand was legendary as I tried to crush the whipping post with my embrace. He gave me several more as I taunted him on, "Is that all you have, or am I wearing you out?" Master Tucker kept at it until he was sweating and winded from his exertions, just as an impassioned lover would be, and he finally saw and heard what I was capable of, although I still think he didn't believe it.

He put the cat away, and then stepped back over to me, "My God, that was incredible" he said, while still catching his breath.

I looked up into his eyes as I was still chained in place, "You were magnificent, sorry I had to say those things, but you needed some encouragement... You know, back in the day the headsman was usually tipped by the victim before the ax fell to ensure he did his job well. It is also a little known fact that the king's interrogator's received similar gratuities from women punished in the town square, less the spectators think she received to light a whipping from him and demand more than what she was sentenced. Now I obviously have no coin on my person at the moment Master Tucker, but I would still like to show my gratitude for your magnificent work."

"What did you have in mind?", he asked.

I licked my lips, "Whatever you want, maybe something a past girlfriend had done especially well for you, or better yet, something she wouldn't do!"

"Two things come to mind", he said, "But I can't decide between them".

I already had a good idea what both of them were given my experiences with men of this era, "So choose them both" was my suggestion to him.

He smacked me in the cheek with his very hard manhood seconds later, and I devoured him like a thirsty woman just given a glass of ice water in the desert. And just like that glass of water I finished it in seconds with Master Tucker's large hands on the back of my head. He was too exhausted for the other part of his gratuity, and he released me and put me back into my cell, and I slept like a rock...

I was woken in the morning by Ms. Eckhart, but once again with my traditional stale bread and water as she looked me over critically. I could tell by her eyes that Henry must have given it to her good last night, and that might have been the reason she was apparently feeling charitable with me. "I think you and I should get out for the day instead of working, go to the salon, maybe get a nice meal, and then visit a club that I know, after all it is 'ladies night'".

I just knew there was a catch, but I didn't really have a choice. "Thank you Mistress Beth, that sounds nice"...

story continues in [**The Bones In The Dungeon 7**](bonesinthedungeon7.html)

o0o
