---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Fibreglass Mummy
authors:
- To Be Wrapped
tags:
- F/m
- wrap
- cottonwool
- saranwrap
- fibreglass
- encased
- sendep
- cons
- X
date: 2006-05-02 00:00:00
---

When I was told to clean myself inside and out I knew
some long term mummification was possibly coming up.
We both had a week off from work, time for some real long term
wrapping. I lost the toss and my
wife started by wrapping between my fingers and toes with cotton wool.
Then she wrapped my legs separately and then pushed them together and
wrapped a thin layer to hold them together.
Then came the wrapping of my arms, which were fixed to the side of my
body. My whole body was beginning to look like a cotton wool mummy.

To finish the job my neck was wrapped and only a small area around my
nose and mouth was left unwrapped. To
stop everything from coming off, saran wrap was applied all over.
I had become a cotton wool cocoon.
Apart from my face area all I could feel was cotton wool.
I hoped it would not get too hot, I might get dehydrated.
But then I could at least drink if I was lucky.

Then I was placed on the floor inside a wooden frame,
previously made just slightly larger than me. Then I was left for a short
while, for the sand to settle. A
large plastic sheet was then placed over me with a small hole lining up with
my face. Then the fun started, the
plastic was slowly made to follow the contours of the top half of my body.
Fibreglass was then placed over the plastic to form a rigid shell of
the top half of my body. Three
layers deep minimum all over and left to harden for a short while.

A few very narrow wooden strips were attached for strength. After a few
hours the fibreglass top mould was removed and I wondered what was next. Silly
me, the back half of course. This
was again at least three layers thick but this time added supports where added
to support the head. Now my
whole body starts to get itchy and no chance of a scratch.
After about four or five hours a fibreglass shell in two pieces, tight
fitting was made. At the end of
the day, relief at last, unwrapped for tonight at least.

Day two was spent sanding the two halves of the
fibreglass shell to give it a smooth finish and lining the inside for comfort,
with cotton wool for padding. Of course I had to try it for comfort and fit,
adjusting where needed. The two halves had to be a good fit or I was in
trouble.

Day three was spent making an outer case out of chicken
wire and more fibreglass. This
had a small overlap to secure the two halves together. Only a small gap was
left this time for a breathing tube to be inserted.
This was designed to look like one of the old Egyptian coffins with the
join down the middle. Again it was
carefully sanded to smooth out any marks, but this outer case was sprayed
inside and out to look like it was ancient rather than a modern piece made
within a few days.

Day four started with me climbing inside the two bottom
pieces and getting myself comfortable before the first of the two top pieces
was carefully lifted into place. Then
came the second of the two top pieces, time to say goodbye to daylight for
hopefully only a short while. But
I have no control anymore. Will it
be a few hours or days, we still have a few days of our holiday left.

Then I
heard a noise I recognised, she was sealing the outer halves together, with
rivets. No chance for getting out easy today.
All I could do now was relax and hope that enough air was getting
through from the gap between the two cases or the small air hole to keep me
alive. All I could see with my
eyes was darkness, all I could feel over most of my body was cotton wool.
Would I go crazy with sensory depravation or run out of air before my
wife missed me and decided to drill out the rivets.
Who knows?
