---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/trespasser.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Trespasser
authors:
- bbmnf
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- leather
- n/c
- X
date: 2003-09-05 00:00:00
---

Trespasser
by bbmnf
Trespasser   by bbmnf

I was on my vacation.  I had decided to hike a trail in the Rocky
Mountains of the United States of America.  I was 22, out of college
and had not yet accepted a job.  I had saved enough from my co-op
job to spend the summer hiking.  I would only need food.  I had
enough to swing that.  The first 6 weeks went fine.  I was running
low on food.  Unless I wanted to live off the land, which I didn't,
I had to go into an inhabited area for supplies.  It was a long trek
down to the lower level where I could make my way into the town that was
a few miles away from the foot of the mountain I was on at the time. 
I hiked down the mountain to the flat land and continued east in the direction
of the town.  I could see the highway from where I was.  It was
about 200 yards away.  The only problem was all along the fence were
signs.  "NO TRESPASSING.  TRESPASSERS WILL BE PROSECUTED TO THE
FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW,

I followed the fence line for a few miles.  I walked along it until
I could see the town where I had intended to resupply.  There looked
to be no end to the fence.  I could see it winding over the plains
far beyond the town.  There was nothing in sight for miles, except
the white ribbon of the concrete highway.   I decided to cross
over the highway.  If there was no one in sight, I could make it to
the road without being seen.

I wiggled between the barb wire strands of the fence.  I took off
toward the road at a rapid pace.  I had covered about half the distance
when I felt  something grab  me around the upper body. 
I was jerked off of my feet and dragged a short distance.  I looked
up and there was a gorgeous lady dressed western style all in black leather
on a big horse.  I tired to get up.  Every time I tried to struggle
to my the horse would move taking up the tension on the rope.  The
lady said, "Can't you read.  Now I'll have to waste time getting the
sheriff to come out to the ranch to arrest you."

She dismounted came over and said, "Unless you want my horse  to
drag you all the way to the ranch, put your hands behind your back. "

I tried to struggle, get loose and run.  The leather clad lady
whistled and I was dragged about 50 yards by the horse picking up several
thorns and bruises.  She came up and again told me to put my wrists
behind my back.  This time I complied.  She took a short length
of rope and tied the ends of it around each of my ankles leaving about
2 feet between them.  She removed the loop of rope from my upper torso
and tied it loosely around my neck tight enough it would not slip over
my head.

She mounted her horse and started off at a slow pace.  I almost
had to run to keep up and not get strangled.  We continued at this
pace for a few miles.  In the distance I could see what looked like
a large ranch with many out buildings some of the huge.

Another half hour and we came up to a very long narrow concrete building. 
She dismounted led me into a building.  Along each side of the hall
were what looked like cells.  They extended the entire length of the
building.  She led me to a cell opened the door and shoved me into
it.  She pulled me over to a wall, locked a collar around my neck,
locked shackles on my wrists and ankles.  She then removed the ropes;
She reached over came back with a ball gag, stuffed in my mouth and buckled
it tightly in place.  She said, "I have to go call the sheriff now. 
We'll be back in a few hours.

I was left standing, locked to the wall, gagged and locked in the cell. 
I wondered what was going to happen.  Oh well it was out of my hands. 
All I could do was wait.

After a long wait I heard voices enter the building.  My cell door
opened and a large rotund man in uniform entered.  He said, "Son it
looks like your in a little trouble.  You've been caught trespassing. 
In this country that is mediatory jail time.  When you're convicted
it will be on your record and follow you everywhere.  I hate to see
a young buck like you get in trouble over a little incident like this. 
However Miss Amanda will have to be satisfied.  She will not tolerate
trespassers."

"Son there may be an answer to your plight.  Miss Amanda sometimes
will let the trespassers work out their sentence on her ranch.  I
can take your case before the judge.  You plead guilty in abstensia. 
You will be sentenced.  You will serve your time on the ranch. 
When you complete your sentence the record will be expunged as if it never
existed.  I advise you to take that course rather than have a conviction
follow you around the rest of your life."

I allowed as how that sounded pretty good to me.  The sheriff produced
some papers.  He told me to read them and sign them.  I read
them.  There was legal mumbo jumbo and the rest said I pleaded guilty
of trespassing.  I signed.  The sheriff left.  Amanda entered
the cell.  She asked me my name.  I told her it was Jeb. 
She said, "Welcome to my ranch Jeb.  It looks like you're going to
be here for a few months.  You can stay here for a few days. 
I don't get prisoners started on anything until I know the length of their
sentence.  The sheriff will call me in a few days and let me know
the results."

I was left chained to the wall.  The gag was removed for me to
eat and I was given a bucket to use as best I could.  I was almost
out on my feet.  Amanda came in after about two and a half days. 
"I have received news of your sentence.  We can get started."

A cart was wheeled into the room.  Three extremely beautiful ladies
followed the cart.  One took out a pistol and pointed at me. 
"We're going to have you lay flat on that cart and get hog tied. 
If you try to escape, you'll be shot."

I placed on the cart my ankles and wrists were locked in leather cuffs
and locked together.  My ankles were pushed up to my thighs and locked
to my wrists.  The four ladies wheeled me out of the cell and started
down the hall.  One of them told me, you can look in the cells as
we pass them.

We passed the first cell.  I looked in and there was a man locked
in Scavengers Daughter he was just sitting there unmoving.  On the
right, was a man spread eagle against the wall of the cell.  He had
a painful look on his face.  He did not move the whole time he was
in my view.  The next cell held a man tightly bound to a chair. 
In the cell on the right a man was bound to a cross.  Another cell
held a man fastened to a slowly turning wheel.  It went on and on
we must have passed about 50 cells each one containing a man bound in a
painful position.

We came to a room at the end of the building.  I was wheeled into
the center of the room.  The wheels on the cart were locked. 
Amanda said, "Jeb it is now time for us to get you ready to serve your
sentence.  This will only hurt a little.  I felt a prick at my
neck and then another.  These next processes will be a little uncomfortable
but necessary.  The ladies stood back.  I was blasted by a stream
of hot but not burning water. Next I was sprayed with a foamy substance
and rinsed down.  The rinse washed off every bit of my body hair. 
I was then blown dry by a blast of warm air.

"Amanda said, 'We have a few things to do to you.  After that you'll
learn the length of your sentence.  When we're finished with you,
you'll be in the tightest most secure hog tie that we can apply to you. 
First we have to take care of a few necessities."

A large tube was pushed into my anal opening.  I was given an enema. 
I was filled and drained a half dozen times by the tube.  The tube
was removed and a large anal plug inserted into my rear.  I felt hands
working on my penis.  A catheter was inserted.  My penis was
played with until it engorged and got hard.  I ring was tightened
at the base of my penis and another just behind the head.  The lady
doing this leaned over me and said, "That will keep you hard"

A tube was brought over and inserted in my throat down into my stomach. 
A ball was slid down the tube, pushed in my mouth and locked into place
with straps around my head.  Amanda said, I'm sorry we have to take
away your sight now.  I'm going to glue your eyelids closed with surgical
glue.  I will then glue false eyes over your lids.'

At this point, I began to panic and struggle to get loose.  "Amanda
said, "Give up Jeb.  The first shot a gave you relaxed your body. 
It will wear off shortly after your hog tied.  Now you're going to
be lifted up and your entire body is going to be sprayed with a sticky
substance that is a disinfectant."

  I was lifted up and a sticky stuff was sprayed all over my body. 
I was again given the blow dry treatment.  The stuff dried leaving
sort of a film on my body.  Amanda said, "Lets get this steer hog
tied."

My ankles were cuffed together with leather bands.  Leather was
placed around my legs from my ankles to my knees and tightly laced up squashing
my legs tightly together.  My knee bones and ankle bones doug into
each other as they had not padded my knees and ankles.  My thighs
were welded together with a wide band of leather.

While my legs were being cocooned in leather a wide band of leather
locked my wrists together behind my back.  My arms were put in an
armbinder that covered my hands with gloves and went all the way up to
my arm pits.  The armbinder was laced and buckled tightly together
until my elbows almost touched.  A wide band of leather was buckled
around my shins and thighs and tightened until I felt my heels dig into
my ass cheeks.  A wide band of leather was put around my chest, below
the nipples, stomach and wrapped around the arm binder.  My arms were
forced tightly against my back.  A strap ran from my ankles to a strap
high up on the arm binder.  This strap was tightened until my back
was bowed forcing my chest up off of the table. I was moved over and put
on a block that was just a little bigger than my bound body.  Nipple
clips were placed on my nipples and fasted to the block with tension on
my nipples.  When the clips pulled tight, they really hurt. 
Mean while my cock was aching for release.  I could do nothing about
that.

Amanda came around in front of me.

"Jeb we only have to put your helmet in place.  Then you'll begin
your sentence.  I think I owe it to you to tell you what is going
to happen to you.  First I'll read your sentence to you."

"Jeb ----- has been fond guilty of breaking and entering, rape, attempted
rape and attempted murder.  He is sentenced to a term of not less
than 30 years nor more than 70 years.  Said sentence is to be carried
out on Miss Amanda's ranch according to her wishes."

I yelled and tired to protest and couldn't move.

Jeb you see this is a poor county.  Virtually the only income in
this county comes from the tax I pay on my museum and my ranch holdings. 
Hundreds, sometimes thousands of people tour my museum, this building every
week.  I split the income with the county.

"The visitors get a kick out of seeing all of my male prisoners bound
in torturous positions.  By the pay there is never any parole. 
Everyone serves the maximum sentence with no mercy.  After all we
can't have convicted criminals running around loose."

"Once I fasten the hood in place, you will not be able to hear anything
unless the earphones are turned on.  I leave them on when you have
visitors.  You will be able to feel them touch you and hear what they
say Once the helmet is in place you will be sprayed with a fixer. 
That will cause the substance already sprayed on your skin to harden. 
Once it is hard, it will take hours with a diamond saw even to make an
indentation in it."

The second shot I gave you will slow your metabolism to nothing. 
The tubs in your body will give you enough nourishment and water for you
to be comfortable.  The other tubs will remove what little waste their
is.  When the relaxare wears off, you will feel every pain from your
bondage.  It will be never ending.  The only time you will hear
anything is when someone enters your cell to observe you on display. 
Why do I do this?  I get off on seeing males bound and helpless. 
I may come in and masturbate in front of you.  Two or more of us may
come in and have an orgy while we watch you.  You just won't know
anything about it.  You'll just lie there in pain with your hard cock
wanting relief that will not come.  We love it.  Nighty Night."

Amanda tightened the helmet on Jebs head until his entire head and face
were under extreme pressure.  She fastened a strap to ring in the
top of his helmet and pulled it tight forcing his head up and far back
toward his ankles.  Jeb felt a wet spray.  Then all of a sudden
he was encased in plastic forcing his body into an even smaller package. 
The relaxant was wearing off and he began to hurt.

He was wheeled out and placed in the center of cell 55.  A card
on the cell door read, 
       JEB
       CONVICTED OF RAPE, ATTEMPTED RAPE,
ATTEMPTED MURDER, 
       BREAKING AND ENTERING

       SENTENCE  30 TO 70 YEARS

       SENTENCE TO BEGIN  JULY 15,
2002.

Jeb was a hit.  He constantly heard people saying It's a good thing
that's a statue.  No man could stand that pain.  Jeb would moan
and try to move.  Of course he remained frozen in place.  About
once a month, unknown to Jed a lesbian orgy would take place in his cell.

Jeb hated it when visitiors would run thier hands over his body. 
The plastic coat allowed him to feel every sensation.  Once in a while,
someone, especially young adults would pull on his nipple clips causing
him great pain.  Every once in a while he was punched to see if it
would have any effect on the statue.  It was especially trying when
he felt long feminine nails dragging over his body.  This caused him
to want to climax which he could not do.  Jeb figured he would probably
be insane after a few years of this.  There was nothing he could do
his bonds remaind tightly in place.  Jeb was for all purposes a living
statue.

Don't know whether this is bondage or mummification.  Here it is.

Epilogue.  Jeb was the 55th prisoner in the building.  Since
there were 56 cells, Amanda had the contractors begin construction on a
new wing that would contain 80 new cells.
