---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Where No Man Has Gone Before
authors:
- Geetwo
tags:
- M/f
- fanfic
- scifi
- bond
- cuffs
- frame
- gag
- tease
- sex
- reluct
- nc
- XX
date: 2024-09-01 00:00:00
---

The door slid open with its customary hiss of hydraulics and Captain Jean-Luc Picard looked up as Seven of Nine walked up to his desk and snapped to attention.

“You wanted to see me, Captain?”

Picard gazed appreciatively at her for a long moment, imagining the exciting curves of her body beneath the pale grey Lieutenant’s uniform she wore.

“Captain?”

“Ah, yes, Lieutenant. I have a serious security problem I need to talk to you about. But first, have you carried out the instructions I gave you?”

“Of course, Captain. I have notified the Bridge Team that I am taking my accumulated cruise leave from the end of my watch and will be unavailable for duty for the next five Standard Days. As you ordered, I have also issued a General Notice that I intend to recluse myself in my quarters and will not open my door or answer any calls for the same period. After that, I came straight here through the maintenance corridors, avoiding contact with the crew as you instructed. I believe that is all in accordance with your orders, is it not, Captain?”

Picard nodded, “Absolutely correct, Lieutenant. As always, you have carried out my orders to the letter. Thank you.”

“There is no need to thank me, Captain. During my time as a hive member of the Borg, I was modified to find satisfaction and pleasure in the perfection of my obedience. It is therefore unnecessary to express gratitude for something over which I have no voluntary control. It is merely a function of my Borg programming. And now, Captain, may I ask the nature of the security problem?”

“Of course, Seven. It relates to your Borg programming and our present course, which takes us within five hundred parsecs of the edge of Borg space. I am concerned that it may be possible for the Borg to influence your actions and decisions aboard this ship when we come so close to their territory.”

“That is not a concern, Captain,” Seven of Nine stated flatly, “The Borg have no capability to affect my mind at such a distance. The maximum range of the hive mind is barely ten parsecs and that only when the mind in question is fully receptive to the instruction being transmitted. I am no longer receptive to Borg instructions and there is therefore no security problem.”

“I understand your reasoning, Seven and respect your knowledge of the Borg hive mind,” Picard replied coolly, “But still feel that precautions need to be taken to ensure your safety and the safety of my ship.”

“With respect, Captain, I do not concur. Both the ship and I are perfectly safe. The Borg cannot possibly approach within 100 parsecs of the ship without being detected by our instruments. This would leave us with ample time to take whatever protective measures you deem necessary.”

“Your reservations are noted, Lieutenant,” Picard injected authority into his voice, “Nevertheless, I must insist that you accept my requirements.”

“As you wish, Captain. I will, of course, obey your orders as I always have. You need only command me.”

“Very well. Come with me and I will show you the security arrangements that I have put in place for you.”

“Tell me what you make of those, Lieutenant,” Picard ordered a few moments later, in his private study.

“Initial visual inspection suggests that they are StarFleet standard-issue Mk6 borodium restraints with high-security magtronic locks, Captain,” Seven of Nine’s voice gave no indication of surprise or concern.

“Very good, Seven. Indeed they are. Anything else?”

“The chains and wall anchor points also appear to be borodium.”

“Again, quite right. But what is their purpose, do you think?”

“They are not a standard fitment and are clearly recent additions to your quarters, Captain, and the height and spacing suggests that they are intended to hold a humanoid,” Seven of Nine replied, “So the logical deduction, given your earlier concerns regarding my susceptibility to Borg mental influence, is that you intend to use them to restrain me.”

“Flawless reasoning, as ever, Seven. You are correct.”

“Would it not be easier and more efficient to confine me in the ship’s brig, Captain? It _**is*** specifically designed for that purpose.”_

_“Indeed it is, but I have my reasons, Seven. There are certain…advantages…to having you close at hand.”_

_“Advantages, Captain? You refer to my experience of the Borg hive mind?”_

_“In a way, Seven. I was thinking more in terms of your Borg programming and conditioning to absolute obedience and unquestioning acceptance of authority.”_

_“That is the essence of the hive mind, Captain, as it is of any efficient and disciplined organisation.”_

_“Such as this starship and its command structure.”_

_“Indeed, Captain. As senior officer, it is your duty to issue orders and mine to carry them out.”_

_“Exactly, Lieutenant. Now remove your uniform, underwear and shoes. Everything you are wearing.”_

_“I’m sorry, Captain. I do not understand.”_

_“You do not need to. Simply obey the order.”_

_“I will endeavour to comply, Captain, but my Borg torso unit is an integral part of my body and cannot be removed without causing my death.”_

_“I am fully aware of that. Remove everything but the unit and then put these on.”_

_“Yes, Captain,” Seven of Nine obeyed, her movements neat, precise and efficient, removing and placing her clothing on a nearby table before donning the items handed to her by Picard, then stated, “The items appear to have no function, Captain.”_

_Picard smiled, his eyes going to her high, full breasts, each tipped with its thrusting nipple, then slid down past her impossibly slender waist to the prominent bulge of her pubis behind the skimpy rubber bikini bottom, before traversing down her long, long legs in their skin-tight black rubber leggings that matched the shoulder-length gloves on her arms, to finally take in the six-inch stiletto heeled shoes on her feet._

_“Oh, I disagree, Seven,” he said firmly, “They perform their function_**most_** effectively. As I will prove a little later.”_

_“If you say so, Captain.”_

_“I do. Now, secure your wrists and ankles in the restraints.”_

_Seven of Nine hesitated momentarily and for the first time, Picard noticed a trace of uncertainty in her eyes._

_Then her Borg programming, reinforced by StarFleet training and discipline, took over and he smiled again as she bent to fasten the restraints around her ankles, the cuffs automatically adjusting to a snug fit and a steady red light showing that the magtronic locks had activated._

_Lifting her left arm, Seven of Nine stretched her right hand across her body in order to close the third cuff on her wrist, then turned back to face Picard, “I am unable to secure my right wrist without your assistance, Captain.”_

_“My pleasure, Lieutenant,” he assured her and closed the cuff on her limb, a fourth red light glowing to confirm lock activation._

_Two seconds later, Seven of Nine gave a startled exclamation when all four of the chains to her cuffs retracted smoothly into their anchorages, drawing her limbs into a wide standing spread-eagle and removing what little slack there had previously been._

_Her limbs tensed, testing her situation, then relaxed as she accepted the futility of pitting flesh and bone against borodium._

_“These restraints appear to be most effective, Captain. I am unable to move to any significant degree and am therefore quite incapable of affecting the operation or safety of the ship, even if the Borg should somehow manage to influence my thought processes. I would, however, point out that while I remain here, I can perform no useful function, Captain.”_

_“Again, I disagree, Seven,” Picard chuckled, “Even secured as you are…or rather, especially secured as you are…there is one very important function to which you are ideally suited.”_

_“There is, Captain? I do not believe I know of such a function. Please enlighten me.”_

_“With the greatest of pleasure, Seven. Allow me to demonstrate.”_

_“Captain? What are you d..doing? You are tou…touching me. Tha..That is a most str..strange sensa…sation. I do not un..understand what is happening. I have never fe..felt anything like this befo..before. I cannot..cannot contr..trol my physical re..reactions. It is wr..wrong, Captain. I must re..remain in comm…command of myself. But it is so.o.o.o delicious. I do not w..want it to st..stop, but I am a Starfleet o..officer. Aaaahh. Yesss. No.o.o. Yes. Yesss. Oh, more, Captain. Please. More. Oh. Ohh. Ohhhhhhh…”_

_“You see, Seven. You ***do_** have a function. It is to amuse me and give me pleasure by the responses of your body to my touch.”

“B…But…I do not un…understand, Captain. How can you derive pl…pl…pleasure from my in…inability to con…control my physiological re..reactions to your external tactile stim…stimulation?”

“Oh, very easily, Seven,” Picard grinned, “Like this. Or this. Or that.”

“Aaaahh! No! Stop! Eeeeyooshh! Don’t! Oh please, please. You m…mustn’t. I can’t…can’t t…take…Huuhhnnnn…”

“Now do you understand, Lieutenant?” Picard asked cheerfully, stilling his hands for a moment, “Your inability to control your responses is precisely what makes this fun. And although you say you can’t take it, I say you can. In fact, Seven, I insist.”

“No, Captain! Please, no more! It’s too m…much. Too str…strong and it’s dri…driving me out of my m…mind. You can’t d…do this to me!”

“You think not, Seven? Even with you as securely restrained and vulnerable as you are? You pride yourself on your analytical mind, so how exactly do you propose to prevent me from doing whatever I wish to you?”

“I…I…do not kn…know, Captain.”

“Neither do I, so it would seem you have no choice but to accept the situation.”

“But…But I am one of your officers, Captain. StarFleet regulations specifically forbid…Huuuhhh. Oooohh.”

“I am well aware of StarFleet regulations, Lieutenant and I think you’ll find they don’t cover the particular situation _**I*** have in mind.”_

_Wh…What situ…situation, Captain? Wh..What are you going to d..do?”_

_“I’m going to enjoy myself, Seven. I’m going to keep you as you are and show you what you have been missing since the Borg programmed you and made you a member of the hive. What they took away from you, I’m going to put back.”_

_“What do you m..mean, Captain? What am I m..missing tha you can pu..put back? As always, Captain, my mind and b..body are functioning at optimum working efficiency.”_

_“I’m sure they are, Lieutenant. Optimum for a member of a Borg hive, but rather_**too_** efficient for a human woman like yourself, Seven. So I am going to give you back emotions and feelings and desires that you don’t even know you have yet.”_

_“But…But…Those are…weaknesses, Captain. Inefficiencies. Defects that will degrade my performance of my duties.”_

_“Perhaps, Seven, but I am prepared to accept those minor shortcomings in return for what I believe will be far ***greater_** improvements in other areas.”

“Other areas, Captain? Have I failed to be fully satisfactory in some way? I am not aware of a problem, Captain.”

“Of course not, Seven. How could you be? We will discuss the matter later, but for now, I have something for you.”

“Wh..What is that in your hand, Captain? Captain? No. _**No!*** Keep that th..thing away from me! No.o.o! Mmffff. Fffuunff.”_

_“There now, Seven. That’s much better. For me, anyway. And it really suits you. You have perfect lips for a ball-gag. Now, where was I?”_

_“Mmmmm. Huuunnnff.”_

_“Quite right, Seven. Thank you. Yes, I_**was_** fondling your breasts, wasn’t I. So why don’t we both enjoy a little more of that and then we’ll move on to other areas of your body that can bring us both pleasure.”_

_“Hmmmmhh. Mmmmfff. Ffffmmmmffhhh.”_

_“Patience, Seven. We have plenty of time to explore your body and your new role as my sexual slave and plaything. Five days and nights, in fact. ***More_** than enough for you to learn to submit to the desires that your Borg training has suppressed…and, of course, to me as the Master that you will obey and serve as perfectly as you have always served me as your Captain.”

“Nnnnngggg. Mmmmfffhh. Huunnnnnnnnnffffhhhhh.”

“Denial, Seven?” Picard smiled calmly, “Surely not a rational response, given your situation and Borg conditioning? As you said yourself, you find your greatest satisfaction and pleasure in perfect obedience and it is a part of your programming that you are incapable of changing. As my sex-slave, you will be required to obey and serve me in whatever way I desire and I have no doubt that you will prove to be as satisfactory in your new role as you have always been in your official duties. Which, of course, you will continue to carry out as normal when your leave ends in five days.”

“Hhhmmm?”

“But of course, Lieutenant. You are a StarFleet officer and a vital member of this ship’s crew. It is only _**after*** your duties on the bridge are completed that you will return here through the maintenance corridors, remove your uniform and put on what you are presently wearing, gag yourself and restrain your limbs, then await my arrival to continue your service as my slave.”_

_“Nnnnnnnhhhh. Nnhh, Nnhh.”_

_“Protest as much as you wish, Lieutenant, but it changes nothing. I am your Captain and you are compelled by your Borg programming and your StarFleet training to obey my orders without question, regardless of your own preferences or wishes. Therefore, you must and_**will_** carry out my commands to the letter and we both know it, don’t we?”_

_“…”_

_“From your silence, I see you accept the logical inevitability of your situation, Seven, as I knew you must and would. That is very good and soon, you will not only accept it, but relish it and desire it, for you have ***no_** idea of the capacity for sexual arousal and pleasure contained in your body. Luckily, though, I do and by the time your training as my sex-slave is finished, the mild arousal you have felt so far will be as nothing compared to the need and passion that my lightest touch will ignite in your belly. And when I take you and you are permitted to serve fully, only then will you come to know the awesome power and exquisite ecstasy of your absolute submission to your Master. To me, Seven, as the true slave you will be.”

Picard stepped back and surveyed her displayed body, then lifted his eyes to her gagged face, his lips curving into a smile as Seven tried and failed to hold his steady gaze, her eyes sliding down and away and a red flush staining her cheeks.

“What you are feeling is embarrassment, Seven. A very human emotion and quite normal for a woman in your position of being helpless, sexually aroused and at the mercy of a dominant male. It proves that your Borg programming did not ***entirely*** manage to remove all of your human qualities and emotions and it is going to be my pleasure to reacquaint you with their full power. Starting immediately.”

His hands returned to her helplessly-restrained body, fondling her breasts, caressing her buttocks, delving between her widespread thighs and exploring the folds and recesses of her rubber-clad sex as she squealed in anguish and writhed the little she could, in futile efforts to evade his touch.

Until, as the sensations built within her body and confusing, long-dormant feelings began to outweigh her despair, her squeals and muffled protests slowly turned to soft whimpers and her struggles to sensuous thrusting of her hips and belly, telling far more of awakened need than of any desire to escape her plight.

Continuing his erotic assault on her body, Picard waited until he judged that the depth and intensity of her sexual desires had driven Seven well beyond the limit of her Borg-modified self-control and only then did he increase the level of stimulation to drive her into a first orgasm.

Arching into a straining bow, her fingers clawing at the empty air, she gave a long, wailing scream into her gag as her belly convulsed and convulsed again, pulsing wildly to the explosive contractions of a climax that spewed hot juices into her belly and sex as she climaxed to the entirely human lusts that Picard’s skilled and ruthless arousal had imposed upon her.

Helpless in the grip of awakened passions even stronger than her Borg programming, Seven’s wide eyes reflected her shocked disbelief at the completeness of her surrender and the stunning power of her sexual submission.

Never, since her assimilation into the Borg hive-mind, had she lost control so totally and as she anticipated the five Standard Days that lay ahead of her as Picard’s captive, Seven's belly kicked again, churning with ferocious heat at the thought of the exquisite torments she would have to endure and the devastating climaxes that would be imposed upon her.

Even the logic and emotionless rationality that she had always relied on, would not be able to save her, for securely restrained and gagged, she would be unable to resist in any effective way and would be forced to surrender again to the intense physical desires that his touch ignited within her.

Her total defeat and transformation into Picard’s sexual slave was inevitable…unless she could break her Borg programming and Starfleet training to overcome the twin imperatives of obedience and acceptance of higher authority that had been so thoroughly and deeply ingrained into her by both federations.

A task that, when his hands moved over her body and built the fires of her sexual heat into an inferno that set her squirming and twisting in her bonds as she was propelled towards a second devastating orgasm, Seven began to fear was already far beyond her.

For as her body spiralled out of her control and surrendered to the pure physical ecstasy of her enforced passion, her mental discipline and calm self-control was fatally…and permanently…undermined by the feelings and emotions that Picard had told her she would rediscover as she learned to be his slave.

Feelings and emotions that Lieutenant Seven of Nine would have scorned and dismissed as being weaknesses unbecoming a logical, rational being such as herself…but against which, Seven, helplessly restrained and suddenly confronted and overwhelmed by all the reawakened passions and needs and desires of a normal human female, had no defences at all…
