---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tightly Bound Bride
authors:
- Alexis
tags:
- F/f
- bound
- bdsm
- maid
- corset
- cuffs
- collar
- gag
- dungeon
- cell
- hogtie
- blindfold
- rope
- clamps
- nipple
- public
- messy
- cons/nc
- x
---

(story continues from [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride12.html))

**Chapter Thirteen**

Mary
could tell by the position of the sun that is was almost 6:00 in the evening. 
“Good,” she thought to herself, shrugging the ache from her neck and shoulders. 
Today had been “silver day”, one of her less favorite chores.  The
household had hundreds of pounds of sterling silver--tableware, tea services,
platters and candlesticks--and once a month it was her task to clean them. 
She would be dressed in a tight corset and her gray, functional maid’s
outfit.  An immense harness ballgag would be wedged between her teeth,
and her lacy maid’s hat would be placed upon her blond head.  She
would be collared, and lead down to the pantry, where she would be perched
on a hard, uncomfortable stool.  Her ankles would be cuffed together,
with a short chain threaded through the rungs of the stool.  So as
not to scratch the silver, her wrists could not be cuffed.  Instead
a leather belt was locked around her corseted waist.  There were rings
on either side of the belt.  Leather cuffs were locked around each
upper arm just above the elbows, and these cuffs were locked to the ring
on the belt, keeping her elbows tightly against her sides.  There
was enough room to reach the silver piled in front of her on the table,
but not enough to reach the lock on her gag, or ankles.  Mary sighed
when she saw the huge pile of silver that she was expected to polish to
a brilliant shine before the end of the day.  Next to the silver was
a giant economy sizes bottle of silver polish, and a pile of clean, soft
rags.  Reaching for the first piece, she began her task at a brisk
pace.  She was allowed a short break mid-morning and afternoon, and
was un-gagged for ten minutes to drink a bowl of thin, tasteless soup for
lunch.  With the constriction of the corset, she couldn’t eat much
anyway!

Mary
was on the last piece when the door opened.  She looked up happily,
expecting Mistress Erika to come and inspect her work.  If it was
satisfactory, Mary would be released to bathe and prepare for dinner and
whatever activities the night might bring.  If her work was unsatisfactory,
her treatment depended on Erika’s mood.  If the Mistress was feeling
forgiving, and especially if she was horny, and wanted Mary’s attention
to her greedy honey-hole, then Erika might give Mary twenty stripes with
the riding crop, then release her.  If Mistress was grumpy, Erika
might find her wrists tied tightly behind her, spending the night alone
in the dark, cold cell in the basement.  She hated this more than
anything, and tried to do the best job possible every day so that she would
earn the Mistress’ favor......and her bed!

Mary’s
brow furrowed, and she whimpered through her gag.  It was not Mistress,
it was Maria.  “Mistress called, and said that she would not be home
tonight.” the little maid explained.  “She ordered that you be placed
in the cell for the night.”  Mary threw down her dirty rag, and complained
vociferously to Mary through her gag.  “MMMMmmpph......UUUMMMP.......NNNNNRRRRRR!”
she shook her head in protest.  Maria grasped Mary gently by the arm,
and helped her to her feet.  “Now don’t be mad at me,” she exclaimed,
“I’m just doing what I’m told.”  She turned Mary’s back to her, and
locked a leather cuff around each wrist, then brought the wrists together. 
Since Mary’s elbows were still tethered at her sided, her forearms met
horizontally across Mary’s lower back, and the two cuffs were locked together. 
Leaving her ankles cuffed together, Maria lead Mary’s slow, shuffling way
to the basement.  After several minutes they reached the cell, and
Maria opened the door.  Mary walked in, and bowed down in front of
Maria so that her gag might be unlocked.  “No, Mary” she explained,
“Mistress has said that you should remain gagged!”  Mary whined, and
her chained rattled as she stamped her foot in anger.  She never spent
the night cuffed and gagged unless Erika was really mad at her....and she
had done nothing wrong!  “Besides,” thought Mary unhappily, “this
was the biggest ballgag, and it wasn’t fair to have to wear it all day
and all night!”  Her poor jaws would ache so by morning!  “One
more thing.” said Maria timidly, unhappy at having to be the bearer of
bad news, and the enforcer as well.  “You are to spend the night hogtied.” 
Mary began to cry at the unjustness of this punishment as Maria helped
her to lie face down on the Spartan cot.  Mary was sniveling softly
when Maria folded her ankles up behind her, and used a short piece of chain
to fasten them tautly to the leather belt around Mary’s waist.  “Remember,”
said Maria, bending to kiss Mary on her tear-dampened cheek.  These
are your Mistress’ orders.....just pretend it is her that has fixed you
like this....it will make the night seem easier.”  With an apologetic
smile the dark haired maid clanked the cell door shut, turned out the light,
and shut the door.

Mary
had spent the night in more rigorous bondage many times.  That didn’t
bother her too much, but where was her Mistress?  Tired from her hard
day’s work, Mary slept soundly despite the tight gag and the hog-tied sleeping
position.  She was awake, however, when Maria came to release her
in the morning.  “Did you hear from Mistress Erika?” Mary asked eagerly
as soon as the gag was pried from her mouth.  “Yes,” Maria laughed,
“she said to let you have a more restful day today, and that she would
“look after you” this evening.”  “Oh goody!” Mary squealed eagerly. 
Being “looked after” by Erika was always a sexy experience!

“So
what are you going to do with me today?” Mary happily asked her captress. 
“It’s a surprise that Erika and I thought up,” answered Maria, “and you
don’t get to see until later!”  With that the little maid reached
up and placed a blindfold over Mary’s eyes.  It was not overly tight,
more than secure enough to keep the captive girl from being able to see.” 
Blind, and with arms cuffed behind her back, Mary allowed herself to be
lead out of the damp cellar.  The two women went outside.  Mary
knew it was still early, because of the coolness of the air, and the wet
dew on her bare feet.  They walked across grass, until Maria ordered
Erika to stand with her back against a post.  Mary obeyed, and stood
compliantly as her left arm was raised beside her horizontally, and secured
to a cross member by tight ropes around her wrist, elbow and upper arm. 
Her other arm got the same treatment, and Mary was left standing tied in
a cross.  Maria took a longer piece of cord, and looped it under Mary’s
breasts, then around the post, then up over and across her shoulders, and
across her chest above her breasts.  When the rope was tightened and
knotted Mary’s shoulders were drawn back tightly, and her chest was thrust
into prominence.  The tight cord dug deeply into the soft flesh as
it framed her magnificent globes, and the eager pink nipples stood erect
at the tip of each lovely mound.  Maria took another rope, and cinched
the ropes above and below Mary’s breasts together in the valley between
the lush globes.  This served to tighten the ropes still further,
and Mary gasped softly at the pain from the biting cords.  Another
rope was looped around Mary’s waist at the smallest spot, and pulled tight
until it almost disappeared into her skin.  Several more equally tight
loops circled the captive, followed by a secure knot.  Mary’s ankles
were bound with several loops of cord, with tight cinched both between
ankles and the post.  The same treatment was given below her knees,
above her knees, and at her upper thighs.

“Maria!”
Mary gasped, “That’s so tight!”  The captive tried to move, but could
barely wiggle.  “You never tied me this tight before.” she accused,
“Are you becoming a closet dominant?”  “Yes......maybe,” said the
dark servant, her eyes shining with pleasure.  “You are so much fun
to tie up.” she exclaimed, “No wonder Mistress Erika loves you so much!” 
Maria stood on her tiptoes, and gave her captive a little peck on the cheek.
“Now, let me finish, but first, I need to keep you quiet!”  With that
she pressed a fat ballgag against Mary’s lips, and the bound girl opened
wide to accept the stifling mouthful.  She bent her head forward so
Maria could pull the strap tight, and fasten the buckle at the back of
her neck.  Mary whimpered, and tossed her head, mouthing the gag. 
Maria passed a wide strap around Mary’s neck, and buckled it behind the
post.  This greatly restricted the movement of Mary’s head, but Maria
was not finished.  She took another strap, and placed it across Mary’s
forehead above her blindfolded eyes like a headband, then also behind the
post, and buckled.  This served to keep Mary’s head almost completely
immobile.  The captive stood passively, but by that time there was
very little she could do but flutter her fingers anyway!  Mary heard
Maria giggle, then felt the strange sensation of a greasy, sticky substance
being wiped onto her body.  It wasn’t as slippery as oil, nor as sticky
as honey.  It was more the consistency of  paste or spackle,
and in fact, it was being applied by something sort of like a trowel.

When
she was covered from neck to ankle she felt something being sprinkled on
her body, which stuck to the underlying coating. After being coated and
sprinkled from head to toe, Mary felt Maria’s fingers tweak her nipples
into prominence, then bend down and give each throbbing pink nubbin a long,
wet kiss.  Mary moaned happily, even as a spring loaded clamp replaced
Maria’s lips on her two tender buds.  She felt a moderately heavy
weight being attached to each clip by a short chain, and allowed to dangle
free.  Despite the weight, her breasts sagged almost imperceptibly,
and the clamped nipples remained resiliently erect.  “There!” said
Maria happily.  “If you are going to stand around all day, you can
at least be useful!”  With that she removed Mary’s blindfold, and
the captive girl was able to see what had happened to her.  Her body
had been coated in suet, and she had been sprinkled with birdseed. 
From each nipple hung a small, flower shaped hummingbird feeder, each one
filled with sugared water.  On the post above her head was a large,
multi-station Plexiglas feeder , with a different type of seed in each
station.  A thin dowel protruded from her ballgag, and with her head
help in such a stringently immobile position, it was a perfect perch! 
She was a living bird feeder!  Mary could not be angry with the little
maid, because her plight was really sort of funny.  She was going
to spend the day in the fresh air and sunshine, which was an improvement
over being chained in the kitchen!  Maria kissed her on the tip of
the nose, which was the only part of her not covered with fatty suet, and
left with a wave and a smile.

 Mary
stood in enforced stillness for about ten minutes before she had her first
customer.  A small finch flew to her, and landed on her shoulder. 
The bold little bird helped itself to several seeds, and flew off. 
It must have passed the word to his friends, because an entire family of
finches took turns plucking seeds off of Mary’s body for the next hour. 
Later in the morning Mary heard a buzzing sound.  She could not lower
her head, but was able to look downward just enough to see a brilliantly
colored hummingbird dipping its long beak delicately into the flower shaped
feeder.  Mary could feel the breeze of the rapidly beating wings on
the bare flesh of her breasts.  Later, a larger bird of some type
landed on top of her head, and several times during the day a bird landed
on the “gag perch”.  One sat for quite a while, and she could have
sworn it was looking her in the eye!  The biggest excitement of the
day came when a whole flock of starlings flew onto the estate, and she
was overwhelmed when several hundred of the little birds voraciously attacked
the seeds on her body.  It was a little scary--she remembered the
movie “The Birds” as the little bodies flashed around her--but they did
no harm, and left as quickly as they had come.  Despite the tight
ropes and mouth stretching gag, Mary enjoyed her day.  As the sun
began to fall in the sky, she began to wait expectantly to be released
by Mistress Erika.  What might she have planned for tonight?

It
was nearly dark when she saw her Mistress crossing the yard.  She
whimpered happily through her gag, and felt her nipples stiffen as the
woman approached.  “Did you have a fun day?” Erika asked.  “MMMMM!”
Mary answered, unable to nod her head because of the confining straps. 
“Good.  Let’s get you free, and cleaned up.” she said, unfastening
the strap around her slave’s forehead.  “I have a surprise for you
tonight”  “Oh, goody!” thought Mary happily.  In minutes the
girl was free and able to remove the gag from her own mouth.  The
ball plopped out wetly, and Mary licked her lips., then thanked her Mistress. 
He hands were cuffed behind her back, and she was lead back to the house,
and turned over to Maria for bathing.  “Be sure to get that stuff
out of all the nooks and crannies.” Erika ordered.



2002

story continues in [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride14.html)

o0o
