---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Librarian
authors:
- Rubberking
tags:
- Solo-F
- M-f
- voy
- lingerie
- latex
- catsuits
- corset
- hood
- tease
- toys
- insert
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2005-07-25 00:00:00
---

**Preface:**

I started writing this story in y2k and thru a computer glitch, HD-failures,
several viruses and nine different WP’s, which at one point wiped it all
out back to code and in order to save it, I’ve had to rebuild it piece
by piece, then finish it. The changes in type-face towards the end is an
indication of this. I tried to make it interesting, since it is long. I thought it was
worth it, and hope you do too. It is extreme (see codes) and unless you have a stomach for it, it
may make you green, both with envy and unsettledness.
Someone in the beginning once told me to take it to the limit and leave
it there, this time… I’m going all the way baby.

Codes: Rom, XXX, B&D, S&M, Latex, Rubber, Wet and Messy<U,
Scat, Vom> Med, TE, Robots, Apparatus, V-R, Mask, High-heels, boots, Gloves,
Rainwear, clubbing, End of the World, ISO or Lilly-tank, DFP, Married or
Wedding, Hair or Hairdressers, BE>Big, anal, vag, oral, Vag-anal-oral or
combo, Multi-orgasmic, polyamory, machine-sex, Mummy, Con, non-Con, MC,
Extreme, gasmask or mask, phone, second-chance, novel length.

\* \* \* \* \*

Marcie Waters was sitting in bed reading Chaucer when the phone
rang. The forty-something-year-old head librarian took off the reading
glasses she had perched on her thin nose and wondered who could be calling
at such a late hour? She put the book and glasses on the nightstand and
reached over and plucked it from it's cradle and brought it up to her ear.

"Hello?" she asked into the mouthpiece.

"You're very hot looking, do you know that? I watch you all the
time at your work. Why do you hide such a luscious figure under such dower,
old fashioned clothes?"

Oh my god! She thought, it's an obscene caller!

She got them from time to time… But, this one sounded older, sincere,
not like the filthy babbling or inept breathing of some teenager with an
overabundance of sperm clouding his mind. She checked the caller ID, it
said the call was untraceable, great, she thought.

"Young man, I'm an old woman. Old enough to be your grandmother.
Why would you want to call me and tell me these sick, perverted things?
Can't you find a nice girl your own age to harass like this? And really,
do you have to call at such a late hour?"

She figured that would put him off. Young men seemed unable to
believe that women older than thirty still had sex. Maybe he would hang
up now and she could have some peace and quiet again? Instead, this revelation
seemed to peak his interest more than discourage it.

"I still say you're incredibly sexy looking. Why don't you go
out more? Don't you like men?" he asked unabashedly into her ear.

The cheek! "Look young man, I don't think that's any of your business!
But if you must know, I haven't felt like dating a man in a long time because
of all the childish things they seem to love to do. Things like this, for
example. Now why don't you just run along and find something more productive
to do with your free time. May I suggest a good book or two?" She was getting
worried, what if he tried to break in and tried to rape her! Oh, god, she
thought. What if he's outside my house right now! What should she do?

Instead of hanging up, her phantom caller hung in there. She was
getting scared. But, her heart for some reason started to flutter at the
ludicrous thought that someone actually thought she was pretty, and desirable.
It had been a long time since she had felt some of the things that were
starting to work through her body. Her breath rate increased, her blood
pressure rose and she felt a warm flush cover her face and bosom and a
low heat starting to form in her lap as she lay in bed. She felt hot and
flustered. Was she actually getting excited by her phantom caller?

"Actually, why don't I suggest one for you? Go and find the libraries
copy of "Fetishes: the key to sexual freedom, By Anton Crane. I left you
a little something in there from me. Nothing too risqué‚ just a
picture. I hope you don't think this too forward of me. But, I like your
looks and I think you have a wonderful mind. I’d hoped you might decide
to go out with me sometime. No, not now, I know my call has probably upset
you. And I don't blame you. But I'll keep in touch and maybe we'll speak
of this again. Sorry I called you so late. Hope you enjoy the book. Goodnight."
And then the line went dead.

She put the phone back, her mind a whorl of questions, thoughts
and emotions. Why had he apologized for making an obscene phone call? And
for her to go out with someone who would place such calls, the very idea!
And he had told her she was sexy looking. No man had said that to her in
fifteen years! And the idea of a man watching her, stalking her, frightened
her immensely. Still, she found herself more than idly scratching at the
crotch of her nightdress, so the idea obviously had aroused her too. Although
she was older, she still had never lost the desire for sex, or for romance.
And damn it! This was weirdly romantic! She had an admirer. How odd that
someone had decided she was still worth the trouble?

She got out of bed for a moment and walked over to her dressing mirror.
There she saw a woman, simply that. Her face was a little lined and she
noticed that her face was slowly taking on a pinched look that she didn't
like. Her black hair was well over shoulder, braided so that she could
sleep better, it hung down to her feet if it was totally unbound. Long,
thick, beautiful. Only a few single strands of gray added little highlights
to it’s thick bounty of tresses. She hadn't cut it since her husband Andrew
died, almost ten years ago. Vainly, she held her arms up, making the translucent
nylon nightdress tighten around her voluptuous figure.

Her boobs still only sagged a little bit… Grinning at herself,
she hefted the fleshy thirty-six DD globes in her hands and gave them a
little playful shake. "There you go you pervert! How do ya like that?"
She chuckled to herself in the mirror, turning to look at her soft but
still firm asscheeks in the mirrored surface. She grinned at her reflection.
Then gave a shrug and bent over, grabbing the bottom of the long negligee,
she pulled it off over her head and pulled her braid free before discarding
it on the bed.

She struck a playful pose, her arms out at an angle above her
head and started flexing her pectoral's and her boobs did a little dance,
her half-dollar sized brownish nipples hardening in the cool air of the
house as she swiveled her hips. They stood up proud, rubbery and with little
tiny fingers of flesh surrounding the main nipple which itself poked out
a good quarter or half an inch from the wrinkled erect tissue. They looked
like they had little crinkly crowns, the outer points just as hard and
sensitive as the central teat itself. Her husband used to be able to make
her cum just from playing with them, she fondly remembered while chewing
her lower lip and tried to loosen her tension by gyrating her pelvis a
few more times. Her pubic hair was still quite thin, she had shaved it
for so many years that when she finally quit, very little had grown back.
Right now she could be done with it and be as smooth as a baby's butt once
more. Why not? She had an admirer after all.

God, what the hell was she thinking! This guy was a creep, that
much was obvious. Why was she even entertaining ideas of having sex with
such a man? Still, it had been a long time… ahhhh. She turned and looked
at her other butt-cheek, the thin little layer of flab actually added an
extra enticing jiggle as she turned her legs. And they looked ok, long
and smooth and her weekly belly-dancing and aerobics exercises showing,
they looked great in fact! Damn, she was turning herself on just thinking
about this infuriating pervert! She ran a hand down her still flat stomach
and through her sparse pubic hair, enjoying the little thrills it gave
her as her fingers parted and spread her labia and excited her swelling,
sensitive clitoris.

Stop this! She thought as her other hand sensuously joined the
first and she parted the lips back gently and looked inside the moistening
pinkish-red core of her being. Once she had enjoyed fingering herself off
several times a day… Now, she couldn't remember the last time she had masturbated.
The little shocks of electric pleasure returning like old remembered friends
that hadn't come to visit in a long, long time as she slid a finger inside
and a low groan erupted from her lips.

She stood looking at the woman in the mirror as she moaned and
rolled her head around, her gasps and sighs fell softly from her mouth
to echo around her Spartan bedroom as she inched her hips lower and added
several fingers to her honeypot, coating them now in her secretions. She was panting now and her hips caught a rhythm and she swayed,
her hands making soft sucking sounds as she ground her hands around in
her wet pussy.

Her orgasm caught her unprepared, she shrieked as her cunt suddenly
contracted around her thrusting digits and she felt a flood of her own
juices soak her palm as she rode it out and started working herself up
for the next one automatically. Her face and breasts were growing even
more flushed and her eyelids got heavy looking as she pinched a flopping
teat in her fingers and growled as she felt the rush of sensations shoot
all over her body as she came again and then again.

She rode it down slowly, panting and feeling ridiculous. Here
she was an old woman and still carrying on so! However she’d lost her senses
though, it had felt really good and she saw in the looking-glass that she
had brought a glow to her normally sharp features. She felt relaxed and
happy for the first time in a long time. That had felt really, really good!

Smirking at her own foolishness, she pulled her nightdress back
on, quickly re-braided her hair again and smiled at her silhouetted shape
one last time before getting back between the covers and cutting off the
light on the nightstand. She quickly drifted into a peaceful, dreamy sleep.
One where a man with no face took her out to a nice dinner and then fucked
her half to death afterwards. It was a good dream, chaotic, strange and
erotic, but, good. She smiled and twisted the sheets in her dainty hands
as she dreamt.

The next day she stood before her closet looking at her wardrobe.
What should she wear? She had slowly, over time, taken to wearing rather
severe looking dark blue dress-suits with long flat skirts and short heeled
pumps or flats, often with a frilly blouse with a lacy scarf for a tie.
Her admirer had asked her to wear something a bit more stimulating. All
right, let's try this then…

She pulled out a gray above-the-knee skirt she hadn't worn in
ages and a simple white sheer blouse with gathered sleeves and no collar
to speak of, it had little pearl buttons and looked very feminine. She
took them and laid them out and went back for some spike heeled black leather
pumps that Andy had so loved for her to wear when he was still alive. The
thought sent a pang through her heart. He had been dead a long time now
and she knew he would want her to find some happiness now that he was gone.
She smiled at his memory as she searched her lingerie drawer for hose.

She found to her dismay that all her pantyhose had runs in them so she
fumbled around in the drawer until she found her old suspender-set and
a lone old unopened pair of back-seamed Cuban-heel garter-stockings that
still looked like they would work. They didn't have any runs in them at
least. She pulled her slip up and hooked the garter belt around her waist
and pulled her white cotton hip huggers up over the garter straps and pulled
the old-fashioned stockings onto her legs one at a time and stood up again.
She snapped the garters closed and dressed in the blouse and skirt over
her silk mini-slip and see-thru lycra bra. She didn't know who her admirer
was. But, he was going to get an eye-full.

Her co-workers all made happy noises about her wearing something
other than "widows weeds" for a change and she got lots of speculative
looks from the men all day long. She had nearly forgotten that she always
had liked that kind of attention from the opposite sex. Oddly though, a
few of her women co-workers and several of the female patrons gave her
the eye as well. She didn't know how she felt about that, she hadn't ever
been to bed with another woman before. But found the idea vaguely exciting
now that she thought about it. Heck, She was open to just about anything
at this point. She thought laughingly to herself.

About four o'clock she found herself stocking books back into
their places in the sectioned area her caller had mentioned and after she
was done with the cart, she stood looking at all the books on human sexuality
on the shelves. There was more than she had ever dreamed! Books on positions
and something called tantra and so many self-help books for couples that
her eyes crossed as she scanned the shelves and shelves before her astonished
gaze. She pulled one or two that caught her eye from their places and had
placed them on her cart to take home with her that night to peruse, one
of the few privileges of being the Librarian. When she spied the title he
had told her about. It almost jumped out at her. It was bound in a black,
shiny covering that once she pulled the tomb free, she found to be latex
rubber. It felt cool and smooth under her fingertips as she ran a hand
over it's face. The title was highlighted in a red as dark and slick as
blood.

Suppressing a shudder, she put in the cart and went to the front
to lock up and leave for home. She felt an odd thrill run thru her as she
placed the books in her satchel and closed up, looking around to see if
any strange men were watching her. She jumped when she received a wolf
whistle just as she got to her car. She hopped in as fast as she could
and shot away from the curb and the leering city street-worker that yelled
after her. "Hey, Nice tits! As she rocketed off down the street.

She sat eating her small dinner of a salad and a pair of pork-chops
and reading the two books on erotic sexual positions and how to achieve
multiple orgasms, both written by women and both seemed very, very pornographic.
She looked at all the things people were doing with their bodies and she
laughed out loud frequently when she spied something that looked especially
impossible or improbable in the least. She closed the cover on the
last of those two just before she placed her dishes in the wash and she
grabbed up the black latex-bound book as she went out to the living room
with a glass of wine in hand and putting some soft music on, settled into
her easy chair and really looked at the book for the first time. The oily
looking skin gave it a strangely living quality; it had a vaguely menacing
air to it. It was somehow both alluring and repulsive; she stroked it and
shuddered slightly. Brrrr, creepy.

The book felt so weird under her fingers. Like it was a skin in
reality, one that would mold itself to the wearers body as if they had
been born into it. She shook her head to clear it. These thoughts were
absurd! It was just a book. Wasn't it?

She ran her fingers under the edge and tugged, it didn't open.
She turned it up on edge and found it had a clasp, she flipped the filigreed
lock open and turned the cover up. The inside lining was in red rubber
like the title lettering, it looked wet and about to drip crimson on her
lap. She blinked to clear her thoughts away, opened the first page and
read.

Fetishes:

The key to sexual freedom.

A pictorial guide to

sexual eroticism.

In words and

pictures.

By Anton Crane

Privet Edition.
    Ok, so people like dressing up funny, so what?

She turned the next page and saw a series of pictures of men
and women in very odd and bizarre looking clothes. Some wore leather, others
plastics or PVC or shiny patent, some a glossy looking second skin. Latex,
she guessed…

Some were dressed as nurses, others as other kinds of authority
figures, many looked like they were from other planets with extensive rubber
costumes making them look like animals or aliens with tubes shooting from
their faces and other parts of their bodies. There was even a woman dressed
in a rubber version of a suit that she herself would have worn if it had
been made of some other kind of dark material. She had a suit just like
it and instantly recognized that the woman was dressed as a Librarian.
What a world.

The text running over the pictures was explaining that fetishism
had been with man since the dawn of creation and that more people would
feel better about themselves if they would just own up to their desires
and had more sexual relations and tried fetishes like a kind of a smorgasbord
that everyone could try out from.

That there were no such things as bad ways to feel about wanting
to try new and different kinds of sexual foreplay and after and during,
play. And that the reader should enjoy the book and try a few things out
for themselves before condemning those that did. That the book she held
was an introductory manual only and that they (the reader) should get out
and go out to see the people in clubs and meetings that people had if they
had questions that the book couldn't seem to answer.

Then the first chapter started. The picture was that of a woman
dressed in a rubber nuns outfit, hands folded and eyes uplifted in prayer,
the text read.
Chapter <<O>>

Finding your way through fantasyland.

How to know if and what fetishes you/and/or your partners possess.

Hello seeker!

You have just begun a great and perilous journey!
The mind and the body are powerful vehicles for discovery and great engines
for both pleasure and pain.

To begin with, in short, a sexual fetish is anything that stimulates
the libido of the one attracted to it, wither the attraction is directly
sexual or not. Some people cannot achieve sexual release without them being
worn, used or nearby during colitis. In the past, this was seen and treated
as a mental aberration and treated with scorn and derision, but no longer.
Today, people with fetishes are seen, and to be treated, just as you or
I. fetishism is Not a sickness, it’s an added bonus to building a persons
basic sexual makeup and persona.

Most people have one or more fetishes but never realize this
simple fact. Perhaps due to the connotations fetishes carry with them from
the past, of perverted people in raincoats or swiping underwear from clotheslines.
But beyond that dated and discredited image, the listings of fetishes are
endless. Think about it:

The teenage boy or man that loves fast cars, the woman that can
never get enough shoes or the one that loves to dress sexily wherever she
goes. The old man that sweats when little girls walk past, and the little
girls themselves, enjoying the budding power of their own sexuality over
men, are all engaging in fetishistic behavior.

Even the frumpy old teacher that likes smacking naughty young
boys on the butt, All these people have fetishes. Even you, reading this
book, have fetishes you probably don’t even realize you have.

Think about it! Do you have a favorite pen or a device at work
that you prefer above all the others there?

Do you have a favorite outfit you like to wear? Do you get off with
a beloved sexual device?

If you do, you have a fetish.

That's where we come in. we're here to help you identify what
things you have that have some kind of sensual and/or sexual meaning to
you and to teach you how to use them and their compulsions to bring pleasure,
fulfillment and bliss into your life.

And most of us could stand a little excitement in our lives,
don't you agree?

Now first, you need to take a mental inventory of all the things
you like and why you like them. Go on, don’t be shy, no ones judging anyone
here. But be direct about why you feel this way about the item in question,
honesty is very important here. Then identify which of any of them that
you find stimulating sexually. Think about this as well and again, be honest
with yourself. After all, we’re here to help you learn to deal with these
issues in your makeup and to better incorporate them into your everyday
existence. These items and desires are what we’re concerned with
here today. The things that give you an extra little oomph or shiver when
you feel them, smell them, use them or wear them. Or whatever! Something
compelling, that draws you to it and gives you goosebumps.
    Marcie sat for a moment. Thinking about that last statement.

What did she have that she liked sexually? The only thing she
could think of right off the bat was that she loved wearing the suspenders
and stockings and shoes that she was wearing right now! She had had a dildo
many years ago. But, she had gotten rid of it when Andy had been buried
and had never gotten up enough courage to go someplace and buy another
one. What would have been the point? The pictures themselves were awe-inspiring!
She hadn't seen anything like this before. Much less read anything that
seemed to strike her like the words and photos in this wild book she had
weighing heavily in her lap.

She continued reading, engrossed nearly against her will…
Have you remembered anything like this? You probably
have. So, why don't you put the book down for now and show it off? Bring
it out and examine it. Put it on, enjoy it… Get to know it better. It won't
bite, I promise.
Again, feeling utterly ridiculous. She put the book down as it asked and
stood up and took off her skirt and blouse and discarded her slip. Now,
she stood in only her panties, bra, garter-belt, heels and hose. She shuddered
at the cool air in the room and felt wanton for doing this. She watched
her nipples growing hard inside the bra’s cups and felt an illicit chill
running through her body as she sat back down, the rubber of the book cool
and sensual on her stockinged thighs.
Back again? Ok! Well, by now you're feeling silly, right?

Don't. This is just your mental conditioning trying to get you to act
"normal" again. Don't feel like you need to feel guilty for what you're
doing in the least. Your body is designed for pleasure, let it do it's
own thing and go with any good feelings you're experiencing at the moment.
That's what we're here to teach you to do for yourself and for any others
in your life that might benefit from you achieving better confidence with
your sexuality. The effects will surprise you.

Feel the object of your desire. Is it smooth or hard? Rough or
soft or knobby? How does it make you feel? Know that these feelings are
imprinted on us often when we're young and that, as is frequently the case,
we don't find out what we like even sometimes until when we're full-fledged,
even mature adults. You have to claim your desires, embrace them and own
up to them in order to make your life complete. Failure to do so leaves
a gaping hole in ones internal sexual life.

How long has it been since you're last orgasm? Was it a good
one? Have you ever experienced one at all, or had a multiple one? Take
some time to explore your body and remember what it was like when you were
young and trying out your equipment for the first time. Do this now and
get back to this book tomorrow night after you have had some fun with your
body and feel more comfortable with it and its quirks. Feel free to incorporate
your favorite toy or object into your play. Look through the pictures in
this book to help stimulate your senses.

See you in chapter 1, and have fun!

Marcie bit her lower lip. She did feel the first stages of
arousal floating like a fog over her skin again. Her breathing had increased
and deepened again and she felt a heat and a slight dampness in her tight
cotton panties. She took the book into the bedroom and hopped onto the
bed, her hand idly scratching at her cloth covered crotch as she leafed
through the pages. Towards the back of the book, marking a page it seemed.
She found a picture. In the picture was a man. But not like any man she
had seen outside of this book before. He was covered completely in glistening
black latex rubber, seemingly dipped in it. It was like a taut second
skin covering his body, but, accentuating it too. He had nice firm muscles
that made manly mounds under the glossy covering, not too overly muscular,
just pleasantly so. And his penis was standing stiffly erect and proudly
out from his crotch, it and his testes covered in taunt black rubber like
the rest of him.

His face was masked and smooth, hiding his features but giving
him a surreal, masterful look. He wore tall boots on his feet and a wide
belt around his waist held pouches and other less identifiable things that
hung from it. So, This was her admirer. He looked strong and sexually dominating
like this. The picture thrilled her. She thought that she should be bowing
at his feet, a slave to her new master’s desires. Whoa! Where had that
idea come from? She had never bowed to any man in her life, not even her
Andy! Why did she feel like she should do that for this man dressed so
ridiculously in black rubber with his impressive dick hanging out for all
to see?

His beautifully big, manly, shiny erect cock… How she would love
to feel it deep inside her, driving her wild with wonton pleasure and making
her scream…

She shook her head to clear it. She was getting carried away,
already she had a finger rubbing her elongated and engorged clitoris through
her panties. She was getting soaked! She looked at the picture in her hand
and wondered who he was? He had to be stalking her, watching her. She should
be calling the police, not playing with herself in her slutty looking stockings
and bra and panties. But the itch had hold of her now, and wasn’t to be
denied. She groaned as she pulled the panties leg-hole to the side and
slipped a finger into her hot, wet slit. She WAS horny. She needed relief…
and now! She let the book slide to the bed and lay fully back on the pillows.
Gasping as she fingered her hot running hole. The phone rang. Once, twice,
three times before she reached over to pick it up, no hurry, she knew who
it would be.

"Alright you bastard, do you like what you see?" she said breathily
into the phone, her back arching as she pulled the panties further to the
side and stuck two more fingers into herself, feverishly rubbing her clit
as well with her thumb.

"Oh yes. You look very, very hot, and quite excited. Are you wishing
you had a hard dick to play with right about now Mrs. Waters? I've got
a hard one right over here. You’ve made it that way. You and your beautiful
voluptuous big titted mature body, and your ass Mrs. Waters, you have the
most delectable little ass in town, do you know that?" He breathed in her
ear as she whorishly slapped at her clit and cried out as an orgasm felt
like it ripped all the hair from her skin and shuddering with estrus, she
rolled and flopped back on the comforter and pulled the panties completely
off and out of the way for better access and so that her peeping tom could
see her gushing pussy as she moaned aloud into the phone, trying to control
herself.

"Thank you, you're very kind to an old woman. Call me Marcie,
since we know each other so well already. Let's see, you like rubber and
you look yummy. What should I call you? My admirer? Or do you have a name?"
she asked.

He coughed and she thrashed around, holding his picture between
her teeth as she twisted around and used her other hand to pull the cheeks
of her ass apart and slowly began sliding a finger into her puckered anal
sphincter, crying out throatily into the receiver as she came again.

"You may call me Master, for now Marcie. I know, it's not my real
name. But, until I know that you're not going to turn me in the second
you find me out, I can't take the chance. Sorry, you understand, don't
you? God, you're so fucking hot! I wish I could take you right now. But,
that's for another time and place. Right now, I'm here with you as we jerk
off together and get to know one another a little better. Oh, yeah, fuck
your tiny little rosette with your finger Marcie. I love seeing you get
your rocks off, you should do it more often, don't you agree?" he whispered
huskily in her ear. God, he had a wonderful voice, not English exactly.
But, with just enough crispness to make goosepimples break out on her exposed
skin as she panted through another cum.

"You're so right, young man! I had forgotten how good this feeelllsss!
Oh god, I'm going to cum again! You randy rubberman you, I'm going to soak
my bed in my hot pusssssyyy juices and cum like a mad woman from your kind,
erotic, stimulating discourse. I'm going to cum and then I'm going to do
it again and again all fucking night long until you come over here and
fill me full of you hot, rigid cock! Come over here, come to Marcie, I
won't BITE! Well, not too hard, I want that hard prick of yours too badly
to waste it so. Come on over here and fuck my hot, steaming cunt "Master"
and I'll make it so very good for you. But just fuck me please, I need
it so badly! Aaaarrrggghhh! Oh lord, oh Master, oh god, Cuuummmiiinnggggg!
Ggaaaa! Oh, oh, oh, oh my god! I'm cumming so hard! My pussy's so wet,
oh just come and fuck me please! PLEASE!!!"

She thrashed around like a puppet, her hands flying as she plunged
her fingers up her ass and her sopping vagina, and shrieked and came and
came again.

"Oh god, you hot bitch! You're making me spurt! My hot jism is
shooting out of my cock and my balls are pulling up as I watch you fuck
yourself, you're so fucking delicious. I'd love nothing more than to ram
my cock in your hot box! But, not tonight. You've got a ways to go before
you get to spend time with your master. I wish it were otherwise. But,
I've got to hang up now. Before I blow everything I've worked for. Goodnight
Marcie, pleasant dreams."

"Wait! Don't go!" she screamed into the phone as she tweaked a
nipple viscously and rammed all of her fingers into her now sloppy cunt.
"Don't leave me now! I need you! I need your hot voice in my ear, I want
your cock in my pussy! Don't go NOW!!!"

The line was dead in her ear, he had hung up.

"You Bastard!" she sobbed, trying to cum again and failing. A
dam broke and she was reduced to tears as she pulled one of her tits up
to her mouth and started sucking hungrily on a turgid nipple, grunting
and grinding her hand furiously into her pussy.

The next day, Friday. Was torture. She dressed more provocatively
than the day before. Stockings and garter belt again, this time with an
even shorter beige skirt and a white blouse that showed some cleavage and
some tan square-heeled pumps. She was frustrated beyond belief. She had
come a few times after he had hung up on her last night. But, nothing like
she had as she was taking to him. She had tried all night and she had the
bags under her eyes to prove it. She shuttled tiredly through work that
day and tried to decide what to do next. Unable to keep her body from erotically
simmering most of the morning, she exasperatedly went into the women's
room and sat masturbating on the toilet set for almost an hour, she had
only quit when Janice poked her head in to ask if she was all right. She
wasn't, she was so horny she could barely stand herself. She left early,
the first time in many years she had done so.

And went shopping.

She bought some more stockings and a new garter belt, some new
pairs of spike heels in both shiny red and black patent. Even shopping
was turning her on, she found. She smiled pleasantly as she feverishly
imagined the young shoe saleslady lapping at her freshly shaven cunt as
she knelt before her, placing shoes on her tingling feet. She shook her
head to clear away the erotic visions, what was she thinking? Still, the
young saleswoman slipped a piece of paper into one of her shoe boxes so
that she could see it as they were placed in the large shopping bag and
the woman grinned a knowing grin at Marcie. She was hot and flushed as
she exited the store and went on down the road, suppressing the urge to
finger-fuck herself as she drove away.

At the next store, she sorted through more garter belts, choosing
one in black patent and a matching bra and thong panties as well as two
full boxes of various styles of black and smoky or white stockings, both
nylon and silk were back in style these days and available again, she was
pleased to find. She turned down several attempts to sell her pantyhose.
But, she got a pair of high-denier black crotchless ones on impulse as
well. She bought several miniskirts too, one in black leather that seemed
very extravagant and several others in various fabrics and two in patent
as well. And a stunning little cut-away silk blouse in black silk that
she just had to have. She then went to a place she hadn't been to in many
years.

The little store sat well away from the beaten path. But, she found
it easily enough. The "Snatch Patch" was an adult bookstore Andy had taken
her to several times when she’d said that she wanted a little something
to comfort her when he went away on one of his numerous trips away for
business. He had laughed and said only if she went in with him to buy it,
and so she had. She had been trembling just as she was now when she had
purchased her first and only vibe of so long ago. Now she sat in the parking
lot, trying to screw up enough courage to go inside. She had to have another
toy, she just had to! She needed something to help her get off and they
only sold those in there. With a frown and a slam of her car door, she
strutted up and opened the door and went in.

She was thunderstruck at how unbelievably huge this place had become!
She never knew so many kinds of sex toys existed! They lined every available
inch of wall space, Vibrator's, dildo's, plugs for the rear end and ball
gags for your mouth. There were bondage toys, whips, paddles and canes
for naughty English schoolboys. There were all kinds of perverse looking
outfits as well. Everything the kinky heart could desire was displayed
on the walls and hanging from racks at every turn.

Even Clothes in PVC and leather and rubber and latex.

The salesperson was a young woman with lot's of rings in her ears,
lips and eyebrows that seemed nice and was very friendly toward her as
she stammered out questions and blushed when the woman showed her a device
that had twin shafts and a little representation of a bear with a long
tongue atop it, she turned on and it started vibrating furiously and twisting
around in her hand. She dropped it and shrieked and they both laughed as
she picked it back up and handed it back. But, she bought one nonetheless.
As well as several sizes of dildos, some vibes of differing size's and
a thin, fluted plug for her anal play. They both chuckled knowingly about
it as it was added to the growing pile.

Next, she asked about the clothes and the young lady smirked and
scribbled an address on a slip of paper and told her to go there instead
of getting the inferior quality merchandise that her own store carried,
she suggested that she might want to get some more toys from the other
place as well, although they carried a smaller selection then where she
was currently. Still, she bought a pretty, little short black rubber dress
anyway, she had just loved the way it felt. The young woman helped her
carry the bags of sex toys out to her car and she handed the woman a twenty
as a tip. But instead, the saleslady smiled and grabbed her and kissed
her deeply on the lips, sticking her pierced tongue with it's knobs into
her mouth and then just turned and walked away. Wow! Knowing she had plenty
to keep herself busy for awhile now, she stopped at a little bistro and
ate and then drove home to get her jollies out.

Sometime later, she sat surrounded by sextoys. She was fitting
batteries in all of them and it took some doing. She had some fifteen altogether,
and they were hungry little monsters, all of them. She had put on the black
patent underwear and some sexy black nylons as well as the French-heeled
shoes that matched and she had a rumbling eight inch vibe stuffed into
her hungry pussy and held in by the thong she wore as she panted through
another cum and stuffed batteries into a big, black butt plug. Her cums
had been more powerful with the new toys. But, still not as good as when
she had been having sex talk with ‘Master.’

She thumped one of her rigid nipples through the cut-out holes
in the shiny bra and jerked her hips as it sent a shock wave racing through
her body. She came again and grunted as her cunt muscles hunched her pelvis
forward as they contracted and she came again. It was soooo damn good!
Why had she denied herself such pleasure for so long? She didn't know.
She pulled her thong to the side and pulled out the thrumming vibrator
with a sucking, wet sound. She shuddered and came again as it came out
of her body. God, could it get any better than this?

She got up and walked over to the other mound of discarded bags
and plastic wrapping and got out the little latex dress. It felt smooth
and cool in her hands. She wanted to try it on. She pulled it on over her
head as it had no zippers that she could find. It fought her and caught
in her hair as she tried to get it over her head and she wound up with
it twisted and almost strangling her. She had almost gotten it back off
again when the telephone rang. She leapt half a foot off the ground. It
had to be him, who else would be watching her? She got the dress free of
her hair and let him stew a bit before she went over and picked the receiver
up this time.

"You hung up on me!" she yelled at him.

"You're supposed to tie your hair up, cover it and be clean and
use some talcum powder if you want to wear that latex dress. I’m sorry,
but I had to hang up Marcie, I almost ruined everything. You were just
way too hot for me to watch, I had to go, I just had to. I see you've been
shopping, nice outfit you have on tonight, by the way." He said smugly
in her ear, his voice breaking slightly with desire for her.

"Thanks, I bought it just for you, you sick bastard. I must say,
I like it too. I think it suits me rather well, don't you agree? And you
say that I have to use talc for the dress, thank you for the advice. Now,
are you sure I can't entice you to come over her and give an old woman
a good hard fucking? If you want me so badly, why don't you just seize
the bull by the horns and come on over and let me suck and fuck that big,
hard cock of yours? Why waste time, when you can have what you want so
much? Don't tease me, young man. Come over and I'll make your dreams come
true." she whispered sexily into the phone that separated them from one
and other, coiling the cord around one idle finger.

She walked over to the window and pulling back the lace curtains,
looked out, trying to find out where his vantage point was. After a moment,
she gave up as he continued spilling his inflaming words into her ear.

"Yes, Marcie. I think it does suit you, very much so. In fact,
if you get the right outfit, I'll be willing to extend an invitation to
you to meet with me. On my home ground as it were. That is, if you can
find out where it is to go. You're on the right track. Just keep up the
search and I'll let you know more when the time comes. And I think you're
teasing me these days, Marcie. Don't you think so? You're so unbelievably
sexy looking in your slutty little outfit. Love the stockings, by the way.
And you're looking so much sexier these days as you go to work. Enjoying
being whistled at, I suppose too? Keep it up and you'll be back to being
a vivacious, life loving woman again in no time. God, I would love to come
and fuck you hard right now. But, I digress, I'm sure. Still reading your
book too? Yeah, I found that little gem a while ago and I though I would
donate it so that others could enjoy it as much as I had. Hope you’re enjoying
it. And don't refer to yourself as an old woman, you're hardly forty years
old! Enjoy life to it's fullest and life rewards you, wouldn't you say
so? You're dripping down your leg, Marcie."

It was true! His smutty little entendre's were turning her on
something fierce! And he thought she was looking sexier! Good, all the
easier to draw him out so that she could finally see her secret admirer.
And a party! She hadn't been out to a party or a club for that matter,
in so long that she had forgotten what it was like! But, what did he mean
about finding the right things to wear? Oh yeah, she had forgotten, he
liked rubber and latex…

"Thank you again. Yes, I do feel much more confident these days,
thanks in no small part to you. "Master." And yes, I did get a thrill out
of being looked at for a change. Were you watching me too? I hope you were.
I'd hate to think I'm going through all this for nothing. Now, what did
you mean by saying that I needed to find the right place to get clothes
that you would find, Stimulating?" she asked tartily, her hands busy in
her sopping quim again as she stood looking out the window. Wanting him
so badly…

She scooped up the line of secretions on her inside thigh and
brought them up and sucked them from her finger moaning "Mmmmm," into the
phone to drive him wild with desire for her. It worked like a charm.

"Ohhhh, you're licking your cunt juice from your finger. Does
it taste good Marcie? Maybe sometime soon I'll be the one who has that
singular honor. Uhhhh! God you make me so damn hard Marcie. In your little
patent slutware, in your heels and your stockings. You look like a diva.
You're so, so hot Marcie, you're going to make me cum if you keep doing
what you're doing to yourself! Why don't you wear your slutwear under you
regular clothes to work from now on, so that you can feel hot and sexy
all the time?" he whispered.

"Oh my secret darling. " she said, her words oozing into the phone.
"It's all I can stand now just going to work so damn turned on every day.
I don't know how I'll ever possibly get any work done around there. Why
don't you come help me tame some of these energies and let me get back
to my life? Why do you torment me every night, making me so wet and hot
and horny for you? Why can't I just take you in my arms and fuck the daylights
out of you? Why? Master, why?" she picked up a particularly long, thick,
fake penis replica and sucked on it for a moment before lowering it to
her steamy box and easing the head inside her dripping clam, shuddering
as a heavy orgasm rocked her on her high, high heels as she drove it inside
herself. "But… if you want me too, I will. For you, only for you." she
breathed into the receiver and twisted the dildo around, sending erotic
electricity shooting throughout her body as she gasped and groaned, getting
hotter and wetter by the second.

"Thank you Marcie, I would enjoy knowing what you had on under
your staid outerwear and knowing that under that reserved exterior, lies
the gorgeous, desirable, accessible body of a bawdy slut in abject heat.
I believe that Tanya gave you an address yesterday? Go there after work
tomorrow and get whatever you want, it's on me. Enjoy. I must go for now,
just watching you is about to give me a coronary. I want you so bad… But
we must all wait for the things we want. Waiting makes the meeting all
the more sweet, don't you think my dear heart?"

"OH god! Don't leave like this again! I'm so, so horny right now.
Please just come over here and stuff my cunt full of your sweet, gorgeous
cockmeat and fuck me master. Please! Don't go. I'm so hot right now. Just
stay with me as I ride out another cum or two! Please? Or just keep talking
to me so I know you're there, Please!" she pleaded abjectly, her hand flying
as she rammed the latex dick into herself as fast and as deep as it would
go, slamming painfully against her cervix as she wailed through another
massive climax and started rising towards another.

"All right, my dear one. Just until you cum one last time. Think
of me as the cock that's you're fucking yourself with. That it's my cock
that's filling you up. Think of all the wild things I'm going to introduce
you to in the weeks to come. I saw you look at the salesgirl at the store
that you bought your stiletto's in, you were dreaming of her eating your
snatch, weren't you? Did it make you hot? I watched you biting your lips
as you fought to suppress your desires for her. And didn't she slip you
her number? Maybe you should call her and ask her to eat you? She probably
would, you know, she seemed quite taken with you. Would you like that?"
his words shot tongues of flame into her mind, she had been thinking just
these same things earlier. She thought about the soft pointed tongue the
woman had, about how good it would feel on her overheated clit right now…

She threw her head back as her mind went into overdrive and visions
of twisted, perverted sexual acts danced through her mind and she was sent
squealing over the edge into a mind warping cum! Her pelvis contracted
and the fake penis shot out across the room to land in a corner with a
wet smack as she slapped a hand to her thrumming clit and fanned at it
as she collapsed in a heap on the rug. His voice still cooing, masculine
and oh so welcome in her ear. "Thank you Marcie. I needed that. You look
so lovely after a good fuck. I hope to see that look again and again. Go
to the shop tomorrow and enjoy your senses. And if you feel you have a
need to, call that young saleswoman and have her over for the night. You
won't regret it, if you seize the opportunity. Good night my sweet, and
pleasant dreams."

"Pleasant dreams yourself lover." She sensuously whispered into
the dead line. Her skin tingled all over from her afterglow and she hugged
her titties together and shuddered with the sheer wanting of him. He was
hot too. Hot for her, she knew. She picked up the latex bound book to the
open page of a nude woman dressed in an all-over thin see-thru amber rubber
suit, black hoses running from out of her heavily masked face controlling
her air, her eyes hidden behind mirrored lenses and read the overlaying
text.
Chapter 1.

Are you who you want to be?

A study in costumes and becoming.

Not feeling yourself? Good! By dressing as something other than
what we normally are, we free our minds of the left over affairs of our
everyday lives. And allow ourselves time to play and act out those feelings
that we hide behind our everyday facades and let the child in us, the one
that we never acknowledge, out to romp and play a little bit, to vent some
of our daily frustrations and to act out some of the things that we would
otherwise keep deep within ourselves. We humans need this. It allows us
to experience the joys of childhood mixed along with the pleasures of adulthood
as they are brought together through such experiences as costumes, settings
rich in atmosphere and props that allow our minds to wonder what will happen
next and other theatrical embellishments such as music and refreshments,
to let our minds wonder what our experiences will led us to afterwards
as well.

Do you like to wear something that makes you feel sexy? Do you like
the feel of certain fabrics over others and like the way that they change
our reactions to ourselves and others?

If you do, than costuming may play a much needed role in your sexual
play as well as in your fantasy life. Reward yourself by buying and wearing
such garments and enjoy the way the "new" you asserts itself as you open
yourself up to new experiences. Go on, get that rubber catsuit or the little
PVC Maids outfit or the schoolteachers outfit that made little zings shoot
all over your body when you first laid eyes on it.

Buy something for yourself and your lover as well and let your inner
child out to play awhile.

You'll be quite glad you did.

Marcie looked at the picture for awhile before sighing and cutting
off the light and snuggling underneath the covers to try to get some sleep,
feeling more alive than she could ever remember feeling.

The next day was a Saturday. She only had to work a half day and
she stood in front of her wardrobe in a tight lacy g-string and a bikini
bra with cut-outs over her erect nipples, a white satin garter belt with
a multitude of straps running down to the white silk back-lined stockings
she wore with them and wondering what she should wear over such a naughty
ensemble?

She settled on a beige over-the-knee skirt, slit up the back
so that you could see her stocking tops if she bent over far enough and
a white, old fashioned blouse with a high collar, bloused sleeves and a
sheer insert across the chest that gave a tantalizing display of her cleavage
while at the same time seeming demure and stately. She slipped on some
matching white spike heels and tottered out the door to work, already steaming
under her clothes and hoping she wouldn't leak her juices out past her
white satin g-string panties and spot her skirt before she arrived at least.

George Carlson was working in her wing today and she smiled as
he watched her with a renewed interest and several complements as she strutted
by on her rounds. He was a nice, handsome man. George was. A widower like
herself, he was the main buyer for the library and she only infrequently
saw him around as he came and went. She graced him with a winning smile
each time and made sure to bend over the cart several times in both directions
so that he had an ample look at her charms. Sweating, he wandered off mumbling
about having to find an order or something. She grinned after him as he
tried to escape down the hall, fighting to hide his erection from her.
At least she made a few men happy, she thought as she turned and went about
her work. And she felt herself simmering sexily all the while.

Done with stacking and cataloging for the day, she went into the
restroom and looked over her light make-up, touched it up a bit and closed
her compact with a snap while pursing her lips, kissing at her reflection.
Did it seem like she was using too red a shade of lipstick now? And she
had begun plucking her eyebrows into a set of graceful upturned arches
the same night she’d started shaving again. Thinking about her now baby-smooth
pubes and body sent a delicious little shiver thru her for about the tenth
time that day. She looked at the siren in the mirror, was this really
her? With her nipples fully visible and poking thru her sheer silk blouse
and her hair piled high and coiled into almost a beatnik-bouffant style?

And looking hotter than a two dollar pistol? Was this really
her, the staid dower old widowed librarian she’d been just four days before?

She jumped as Liz, the young intern came through the door and Marcie
quickly went and sat in a stall, hiking her split skirt up and shuddering
as she pulled her G-string down to her ankles. They were beyond soaked
with her juices and a stray droplet fell from the elastic between her spiked
heels onto the blue tile as she urinated and tried to wipe away any excess
secretions as well as the last drops of her urine. All the while, a daydream
of herself pissing hotly down Liz's throat as she drove a massive dildo
into her young, hot cunt played in her mind, her hand strayed and she bit
her lips as she ran a fingertip over her sensitive, smoothly shaven cunt-flesh.
Another stall door shut loudly, yanking Marcie out of her fantasy and making
her jump again. She quickly stood and struggled to pull the strands of
her underwear up as she noticed the thick, pungent smell of her arousal
hanging thick in the air. She frowned, knowing that the other woman smelled
it too. What would she think about Marcie?

Then, she heard a sound she was getting very familiar with, a
slapping, sucking sound and a smothered groan, that caused Marcie's heart
to leap up into her throat. Liz was diddling herself in the stall! In her
minds eye, she saw the young redheads hands flying over her reddish-thatched
pussy, her fingers driving deep inside her hot, wet tunnel… Marcie heard
her moan lowly in pleasure again, trying to stifle the noise, but failing.
It was too much, Marcie yanked her skirt down and went out, pausing only
a moment in front of the stall Liz was pleasuring herself in before fairly
running out the door and down the hall, her heels clicking loudly and her
mind swirling with wanton images and her loins afire and sticky-slick as
her legs rubbed together as she ran and clocked out. Then running for her
car as if it were her last hope on earth.

She sat shaking in her car for several moments until she got herself
under control, fighting to keep her hands away from her burning crotch
as she started the car and looked at the slip of paper that the adult-stores
young saleslady had given her. Did she really want to go through with this?
Did she really want to go and enter the twilight world her admirer inhabited
and get such erotic clothing, as horny as she was? It was all she could
do to keep from finger-banging herself to death right here in her car on
a public street, could she stand to go any further on this benighted path?
Losing her battle, she inched her skirt higher and ran a finger over one
of her stocking tops and shuddered again as she turned the car around and
headed off to meet her destiny, her pleasure and desires winning out in
the end. Damn her, sensual beat ordinary every time.

The shop seemed quite ordinary from the outside. But, it would have
to seem that way wouldn't it? It was set in an old brownstone building
and a little bell tinkled as she entered. Past the doorway, there was only
a little anteroom visible from where she stood. A few seconds later,
a young dark-haired woman came out from behind a curtain and introduced
herself as Tryern, the owners daughter, in a thin accent. Her father's
name was Dutch and the store had stood here for some twelve years, the
young woman said smilingly in answer to her questions. The young lady was
dressed in a glossy, shiny, long-skirted peasant dress made of a translucent
amber translucent latex rubber and some little matching-colored rubber
ankle-boots. It exposed her smallish erect brown nipples and ass-checks
to Marcie's awestruck eyes as the young woman turned and led Marcie through
the curtain and into the shop itself.

The shop's interior was festooned and encircled with racks of
rubber and latex clothing as well as leather and plastics. The sheer amount
of clothing was astounding to Marcie as she was led towards the back of
the store and asked to sit and wait for her father by Tryern.

"I saw you looking at my dress, do you like it? I made it myself.
My father says that I can include it if I want to, in the fall line. What
do you think?" the girl unabashedly asked, twirling for her and showing
Marcie again that she was naked as a jay bird underneath. "Very nice, does
it come in other colors? Or do you work in clear colors only?" Marcie asked,
lightly panting at the images forming in her overheated mind of what else
she'd like to get this tender young woman to do for her.

"Oh no ma'am. All the clothes we make are one of a kind! Didn't
you know that? We do have some patterns we use if we're asked. But, we
prefer to make extensive measurements and keep them on file of all our
customers sizes. That way, if you gain or lose a few pounds between fittings
there are measurements that we can compare them to so that every item is
always a custom fit. Rubber or latex notwithstanding. If the customer so
desires, we make a mannequin molded in your exact shape that we can fit
anything we make to. Our company is founded on taking the absolute best
care possible of our clients if at all possible. Now, how may we help you,
Madam? Would you like a fitting? Or would you care to just try something
on? Or would you prefer something custom made? We can do it all in less
than two weeks time. Just try us, we love a challenge!" Tryern said very
exuberantly and confidently, her words spilling over each other as she
twisted her hands together in glee and fidgeted like the young girl she
was, eager to please.

Then it was Marcie's turn to fidget. She mimicked Tryern unconsciously
as she said. "I believe you were told to expect me, my name is Marcie Waters.
My ...master sent me here. He said whatever I wanted was on him. I believe
his exact words were."

The young woman bit her lower lip between her teeth as she mumbled,
thinking and recalling. "Waters, Waters. Oh yes, I remember. You have an
order already waiting for you. Would you like to look at it before it's
all packaged up? I have a card right here with your measurements, I could
re-confirm them if you’d like? No? Then let me go get the order and you
please feel free to look around if you like, it's a pretty large order
as it is. Please excuse me." and she stalked purposefully off up a drapery-hidden
hallway and disappeared as Marcie stood and looked all around at all the
wild clothing and strange equipment that surrounded her.

She went over to a rack and pulled out a well made fancy dancing
dress. It was floor length with twin slits up the leg and a heart shaped
cut out bust to expose lots of cleavage. It was in a pretty, translucent
pink color and she held it up to her body and found a mirror. This place
was wonderful! She laid the dress over the chair she had sat her purse
in on the seat and went over to another rack. From here, she pulled out
a strange suit. It was black rubber, thick and heavy and had gloves and
socks attached as well as the oddest looking mask she had ever seen. It
looked like a gasmask had been molded into the rubber of the suit and was
a part of the suit itself. She looked at it, wondering if it would fit
her? It looked somewhat like the one the woman in the book had worn, and
that her admirer wore. She added it to the chair and turned around just
in time to see the young Tryern and an older, distinguished-looking man
in regular clothing both struggling to carry a large box out from the back.
He greeted her as he manhandled the large container onto the counter in
the center of the large shop.

"I see you're finding everything all right? Good, we like to keep
our customers happy. I'll send Tryern to find those two items in your sizes
and we'll add them to the order. Your patron was more than happy to pick
up the tab and I see can why, you're quite lovely. Will there be anything
else?" he said, breathing heavily and wiping sweat from his bushy eyebrows.

"How does one go about putting on such garments sir? I'm terribly
new to all this and I must plead my ignorance in all this as well. And
do you know my... Patron, you called him? Could you tell me more about
him? I know nothing about him at all. And I thank you for your kind praise
sir, I’ve only recently started dressing up again." she asked shyly, feeling
scared and wondering now what she was doing in this place.

"Madam. I regret that your master has sworn me and Tryern to secrecy.
However, inside the box are a photo album and some correspondence for you
from him as well as a booklet explaining all you will require in the way
of knowledge about our products. I'm truly sorry Dame Waters, that I and
my daughter can't be of more help in this matter. Perhaps at a later date,
I can be more informative. Now, if you would be so kind as to sign here... and
here. And once more here, if you please. Ah, here comes Tryern with the
rest. If you'll allow me to assist with getting this carton in your vehicle,
you can be on your way. Here's some business cards and some literature
for you to browse through and we thank you, Madam, for shopping with "Inner
Limits" fashions." he said sprightly as the young woman came back and placed
two opaque plastic bags in the large box before taping it shut again. Then,
he fitted word to deed and picked up and wrestled the huge box outside
and stuffed it into her trunk and he had to use some twine to tie the lid
shut over it. As briskly, she was let into her car and she started off,
watching the grinning father and daughter, arms around each other in her
rear view as she sped away home.

How utterly odd? She felt like she had just been shuffled off
by the two. She puzzled over her experience as she drove home and into
her driveway. Then, she found that she had a task ahead of her. The box
had to weigh quite a few pounds and she would have to use her handcart
to take in inside. Undaunted and curious, she went in and quickly changed
out of her working clothes and into a set of sweats pulled on over her
rather unusual undergarments, pulled on some flats on over her stockings
and went out to wrestle her new clothes inside. What could they be? She
wondered as she grunted and heaved the box out of the trunk and eased it
down to the ground, getting the cart and using it to haul the box in. This
thing weighs a ton! She thought as she worked it over the hump of her entranceway
and finally, into her living room. The sun was just setting behind her
as she locked up and got it inside.

She stood panting from her exertions and as cooled down as she
went to make sure the doors were all shut up as well and the car locked
up before coming back in and pushing the heavy thing over to the side of
the couch. She used a penknife to slit open the tape and goggled at what
she saw. Under the dress and suit she’d included at the last minute there
were many, many more plastic bags stacked neatly inside. She wondered what
they all were? On top was a large clear zip-lock bag that contained an
old style photo album and a stack of letters tied together with a piece
of red ribbon. She pulled this out and found a large, thin booklet underneath
that had the stores logo of a bald-headed woman’s silhouette in black posing
and winking sultrily at the observer. She picked it up and leafed through
it. It contained instructions on how the latex clothes should be put on,
washed, dried and cared for so that they would last a long time to come.
She nibbled at the end of a fingernail as she read what she needed to know
and then laid the booklet aside and searched around in the box for the
complementary bottles of lubricant and the polish that went along with
it. Finding them, she sat them on the carpet next to the box and picked
up the first plastic wrapped item.

The label said: item: 1 pair ladies latex panties, crotchless.
Blk. Customer No. 9,485. M, Waters.

She put it down next to the bottles and looked at the next one.
it read. item: two(2) pair woman's long latex stockings. one(1) Red. one(1)
Blk and repeated her customer number and name.

She started pulling them all out one at a time and reading them.
He had gotten her: 2 black rubber catsuits. (one with "attachments" whatever
they were.) One red rubber catsuit. One total coverage body suit, also
black like the other one she had added at the last minute but with a different
type gasmask molded into the face like the one the woman wore in the picture
in her book from the library. Four rubber corsets, one in black and white,
one in black and red, one solid black and one in solid red. More rubber
stockings and two garter belts and a merry widow as well as a rubber body-shaper
that left her breasts exposed. Six pairs of various types of panties. Two
pairs of tights with zippers running along the crotch, also in black. Three
pairs of long opera length rubber gloves. Two pair of gloves in elbow length
and two in wrist length. Three bras, all black and one with holes over
the nipples. A bathing suit of all things and a pair of the tallest, high-heeled
boots in black rubber she had ever seen before. And a box full of rubber
masks in every color and style and type one could imagine and one or two
that she couldn't. And all in her sizes. They were listed on a separate
sheet and she wondered momentarily how he had gotten them all without her
knowing about it?

She came to a sheet on the bottom of the box and found it was
a sales slip. She couldn't believe it. Just the items in this box alone
cost Six Thousand Dollars! Without the two items she had added at the last
minute. She sat stunned for a few minutes as it sunk in. Her admirer must
be rich, otherwise how could her afford to just give her such expensive
clothes? She wrestled for a minute with wither or not she should just take
it all back. Then she looked at the bottom of the receipt and saw that
the clothes were non-returnable. Unless they tore or there was some kind
other kind of defect. Otherwise, she was stuck with them. Wow! So much
for all this, why? And why did he want her to have it all? And what was
his game anyway?

Her mind clouded with guilt, chasing away any feelings of pleasure
she had for the moment. Was she really worth all this? She certainly didn't
think so. He must really want to go to bed with her if he bought her all
of this stuff just so that he could go out to a club with her. And she
wondered why anyone would want a frumpy old spinster like herself in the
first place? Was she really worth it? Apparently he thought so. She hugged
herself, suddenly cold in her running outfit with her sexy underwear on
underneath it. He really, really must think that she WAS really hot and
sexy and desirable! She didn't think so. But, she secretly relished the
thought that someone out there did anyway. Determined to make sure he got
his money's worth, she pulled a few of the bags over and, cradling them
in her arms, picked up the bottle of lube and went into the bathroom to
get washed up and changed.

It seemed to take forever. But, she was out again in an hour’s
time. Dressed in one of the black latex catsuits over the rubber bra and
the high cut panties with the strange sheath that she had figured out went
up inside her vagina and surrounded by the odd little fingers and bumps
molded over the clitoral region as well as lining the cups and areola areas
of her bra. They made her boobies and her crotch tingle, dragging and sliding
over her sensitive skin as she moved as she had finished dressing in the
catsuit. She was rapidly growing to like the little shocks they gave her
as she drew on the tall six-inched stiletto-heeled rubber boots that went
on like a pair of her stockings and looked at herself in the dressing mirror
in her room.

The latex molded to her skin like a glove, even with the odd,
but thrilling underwear on. And it molded her as well, pushing things up
into places and shapes she’d only ever dreamed of before. She could make
out the erect points of her nipples through the second skin of the catsuit
as she turned and watched her muscles ripple under it's shiny, stretchy
covering. The spike-heeled stiletto thigh-boots were higher than she was
used to. But, she quickly remembered the pelvis-forward walk from her younger
days and soon was striding effortlessly across the floor as she imagined
herself on a catwalk, modeling the wild outfit for a cheering bunch of
women in some place like Paris.

She felt herself starting to sweat inside the suit. But, she decided
that she liked that too as the sticky-slick traction added further fuel
to her body's erotic flames. She was getting incredibly turned just from
strutting around in her new kinky rubber outfit. She felt herself getting
wetter and wetter between her legs and wondered what else this stuff could
do? Or what she could do in it? No doubt about it. In the tight form hugging
rubber she was truly beautiful! She had piled her hair up in a big coil
on top of her head to keep it out of the way as she’d fumbled her way into
the rubber suit and it added to her look and made her quite ...dominant
looking!

She walked back into the living room and hunted around in the
accessories looking for a belt. Not finding one, she instead picked up
one of the corsets and held it up to her waist. Could she get into it by
herself? It had a zipper in the back and quite a few buckles holding it
together in the front and on the sides. Ok, she would give it a go.

She loosened the buckles all around and undid the zipper and wrapped
it around her waist and her breasts before zipping it back up and turning
it around squeakingly and snappingly to the front and fitting her breasts
in the little up-turned half demi-cups. She began cinching up on the straps
and buckles one hole at a time until she felt her chest would burst from
the pressure and then quit. She was wheezing shortly and gasping for breath
by the time she returned to her bedroom and beheld herself in the mirror.
She had to have the narrowest waist she had ever seen before with the tight
corset pulling her in, in ways she had never been compressed before! Now,
the woman in the glass WAS a Dominatrix! She looked like she could spit
nails! Wow! She felt all funny inside as she looked at the wild, kinky
woman she had become. Was that really her?

Ooooohhhhh!

She felt an internal erotic storm rise out of nowhere and had
to grab onto the mirror frame as she felt her hips rock themselves forwards
and shirked as the most massive orgasm she had ever felt, ripped through
her totally clothed and untouched body until she had to sit quickly down
before she fell down. She hadn't done a thing! Not a thing, and she had
come so hard that she sat watching her own pussy lips opening and closing
through the layers of thin rubber as more and more mini-orgasms danced
their way through her overcome body. She was panting and gasping and mauling
her breasts and her pussy through the suit and still she hadn't been penetrated,
not once! What the hell, She thought as she rode out another ripple of
abject pleasure! What is this shit doing to me?

She got to her hands and knees and tried to crawl into the other room.
But, found herself pulling herself up onto the bed instead and getting
one of her dildo vibes out and turning it on and sucking on it in a erotic
fog before pulling up on the crotch zipper of her suit and forcing it inside
her fluttering, lined cunt and zipping it back closed, thrashing around
as she came harder now, again and again and again as she howled and worked
at her own tits, mashing them together and howling like a wounded banshee.
I don't know! but I sure as hell like the fuck out of it! she thought abandonedly
to herself as she moaned and was lost in her pleasures and rolled around
and finally off the bed altogether, laying on the floor and thrashing about
as she came and came uncontrollably.

The world stopped and she came, it started up again and she came.

Time lost all meaning as she rolled around on the floor, gasping and
sighing and crying out loudly as she felt her mind slipping away and her
body taking over further and further, seeking more and more pleasure for
itself after being so long denied. She had a line of drool hanging from
her parched lips and was getting off on spreading it all around on her
rubbered tits as she pinched at them and shoved her other hand deeper into
her crotch, driving the dildo deeper inside herself over and over and faster
and faster and howling mindlessly as her orgasms reached yet a new and
higher pitch. She was soon a twitching puddle of weakened flesh, barely
moving except for hunching her hips about as another cum would slam into
her or shakily reaching up to tweak on one or both of her sore nipples.
She was tired and wanted to quit. But, her greedy body still wanted more
and more and she sobbed that she wanted to stop. But, there was no one
to hear her but herself.

She heard the phone ring as if in a dream. With the last of her
strength, she inched over to the bedside table and achingly, reached up
for the phone. She finally had to pull it down by the cord and she felt
the impact on her pelvis and it triggered another massive cum from her
knowing that it had to be him. She couldn't even pick it up to place it
to her ear. Instead, she squirmed over and laid her head over the earpiece
and cried out piteously as she continuity ground her hands into her crotch.
"Please, Please make it stop! Aaarrggghhhh! I can't stop! I can't stop
cummmminnggg!!! Oooohhhh, Aaaahhh! gggooodddd! sssoooo ggoooddddd! Please,
please make it STOP! Please, please, please, please. Oh please! Ooooooo,
Aaaahhh, Aarrrrgghhhh! cumming, cumming, cumming, I'm fucking cumming again!
Oh, Oh, Oh, Aaaaahhhh! Aaaarrrgggghhhh! Uh, Uh, Uh!" and the battery's
quit at just that exact moment. She lay, Oooooing and Aaaahhhing for several
protracted moments before remembering the phone and who lay on the other
end. she picked it up as more thrills ran up and down her spine and body
as she rode out the ongoing aftershocks and asked smokily. "Is it you?"

The voice on the other end came back. It was strong and masculine.
It was him! "Hello my dear one. I see that you found the right place and
have been trying out some of my beloved rubber. What do you think?"

All she had the strength to say was to coo. "Heavenly. It's like
nothing else in the whole world. Come and fuck me now master. Please? I
think I'll go mad if I have to stay in this suit much longer without having
you near me. Please, please let me come and see you. You've brought me
such wonderful new clothes, I just want to pay you back in some small way,
Please?"

There was silence on the other end and she sat fidgeting with
the phone cord wondering if she had done something wrong when he said,
rather coldly. "Not tonight. Read the letters I have written you and look
at the album for the rest of tonight and follow the instructions inside
and I will see you soon my dear. But, not tonight. No."

"Oh why? Why won't you come and take me now?!!! Why won't you
love me? Don't you want me master? Why do I have to stay home and be tormented
by the lusts you've unleashed in my poor old body, mind and soul? When
will you claim me master? When can I lie at your feet and pleasure you
as you have pleasured me from so far away? You've brought me all these
lovely, sexy clothes and helped me re-awaken my poor, old, used up body
and showed me that I can love again. So why won't you make me yours now?
Have I done something wrong, or said something that made you not want me
anymore? If so please, please tell me what it was and let me find some
way to make it up to you so I can bask in your love again. Please, please
let me into your heart. Please." She sobbed, begging and pleading with
him through the phone. Her body was still on fire with waves of lustful
uncontrollable bliss racing through her tired body and mind as she animalisticly
hunched and ground her ass across the floor and as her tears dripped onto
her catsuit and were repelled to strike on the hard, unyielding floor underneath
her.

"Listen closely Marcie. I want you to unzip and take off your
catsuit. You're not used to such direct stimulation and it's clouding your
mind and making you go into a state of hyper-stimulation. I want you to
take it off now, and the underwear as well. Then your body will gradually
relax and you can get some much needed rest for the rest of the night.
Then read my letters and I will call you as they indicate. I want you to
know that I find you not only extremely attractive. I care about your well
being. So do this for me now and get some sleep. I'll call you tomorrow.
All right?" he said very low into her ear.

"Nnnnoooo! I want to fuck you! I want you here, with me, in me!
Please!" she sobbed. She had already started undoing the buckles of the
corset and unzipping the rubber suit and was trying to get one of her arms
free as another wave hit her and she dropped the phone as she lost control
again, humped uncaringly across the floor and squealed out her unwanted
orgasm. She started struggling out of the corset and the suit and the maddening
bra and soon sat panting and pulling the legs of the suit free after viciously
yanking her boots off one at a time. This rubber was driving her mad! She
thought. she also thought that she had gotten away from it's influence
as she pulled down her rubber panties and another wave came crashing into
her body as the sleeve came free of her totally soaked pussy, making her
howl again. Finally, away from all the overstimulation, she slowly cooled
off and retrieved the phone. "Are you still there?" she asked abashedly
into it.

"You know that I am. I just couldn't leave you like that, now
could I?" He answered back kindly, she could feel his warmth, and bathed
in it as she said softly. "I did as you asked. All of the rubber is off
now and I do feel better. What should I do now?"

He seemed happy for her as he said jokingly. "Intense. Isn't
it?"

She chuckled. "Yes, it is. But you knew that, you beautiful bastard."

He laughed back. "Always these references to my parentage. I
think you might just have a complex, my dear."

"Well, you are a beautiful bastard. What of it? Are you going
to come over here and ravish me or something? I think I could fit you into
my busy schedule. Oh, say Tuesday?" she laughed

"How about we shoot for sometime sooner than that. Read my letters.
They'll explain a lot. I have to go now. Sleep tight, and dream of me Marcie."

She pouted. But, accepted that she wasn't going to get her way
right now. "Goodnight. Master." She said sadly.

"Goodnight my love." He said and hung up, leaving her elated.
He said he loved her!!!

She picked up the infernal rubber suit and the other things and
went in and washed them out as the booklet had instructed. And then hung
them up to dry and after bathing herself off she tried to put on her nightdress
but yelped as the rough cloth made contact with her now sensitive skin.
Instead, she slipped between the rough sheets naked as a jay bird and soon
was snoring in a peaceful slumber and as he had asked. She dreamed of him.

The next morning came and she awoke in the warm sunlight and stretched,
smiling and happy and went and got the plastic bag and pulled out the little
stack of letters. She opened the first one and was instantly struck by
how beautifully they were written. They read like poetry. But with an edge
she couldn't quite grasp. They read somewhat like an old style Homeric
epic. And just as heroic and as tragic as it told her tales of his childhood
spent alone and cared for by nannies that seemed to have a thing for kinky
evenings alone with him dressed in his rubber rain gear, making him feel
strangely loved and lonely at the same time.

His parents were the grandchildren of the last of the Oneada
colony and they were hedonistic sensualists that lived a polyamorous lifestyle
with a commune on their large estate. He grew up loved and cared for by
all of them. But, felt hardly any attachment for his biological parents.
He had, as an infant, been passed from teat to teat by all the women of
the commune, never hardly knowing or bonding with his own mother. His father
sold war supplies making millions and traveling, he hardly saw him either.

He grew to manhood like that. He learned all the arts to making
love from all the woman of the commune. But, felt that he had always been
missing out on the things that other young men had, when it came to meeting
and wooing young ladies. And so he had retreated back into the world of
his rubber and came to get used to meeting people like himself through
the gatherings and meeting places that people into kinky sex wondered around
in. It was a strange life to say the least. He could do the wildest, nastiest
things with a person. But, he couldn't express his feelings with anyone
he met that way. He met a woman that he thought he loved and married her
and she died of cancer not long afterwards. He moved on, his loneliness
intensified and he buried it by working way too hard.

He was lonely and confused for many years and took to filling
his mind with books. That's where he first saw her. From the instant he
saw her, he wrote, he knew she was the one that he had to have. She was
everything he wanted or desired in a woman. She had sangfroid, a keen mind,
a gorgeous figure and a ready wit and savoir-faire that seemed to be the
very equal of his own. There was just one thing wrong. She hated herself.
She had closed herself off from the world long ago because her husband
had died and left her all alone and he could see that she hated the idea
of dating in any form. So how to get her alone to himself?

He had reasoned that if she could bring herself to re-awaken her
own sexual yearnings. She would regain the confidence and poise that she
had, had all along and they could meet as equals. Wow! He had known that!
She couldn't bring herself to realize that in the past ten years and he
had seen it right away. She had been closed off. For just the reason he
stated and now that she saw herself through different eyes. She saw the
way she had dressed and acted all these long years and knew that she had
hated herself. But, now she didn't any longer, she had someone that cared
for her and loved her. Someone that knew more about her then she herself
did. Her master.

She read the next one and soaked it up like a sponge, and the
next and the next.

By the time she finished, her lap was soaked with her tears and
she sobbed and read about how he wanted her to see him for the first time
unmasked when they finally were married and only then she would see his
face and she would recognize him instantly. Not just as her new husband.
But, as his equal and her mate.

At the bottom of the last letter were instructions and a number
to call when she was dressed and ready for his chauffeur to pick her up
and whisk her away to his club where they would have a "quiet" evening
getting to know each other better before he would finally take her in his
arms and consummate the days of long distance eroticism that she had already
been through. She picked up the album and opened it to find pictures of
him as a baby and as he had grown into manhood, always masked and in rubber.
Pictures of him at the private school he had been allowed to attend, again
always dressed in rubber and latex clothing. He was handsome in it and
she felt her heart beating in her chest as she leafed through the rest
before finally putting it down after hugging it to her like an old friend.

She felt warm and alive and loved. She was grinning from ear
to ear as she went into the kitchen and made herself some coffee and a
light breakfast.

Sitting down, she heard the buzz of the phone and went and picked
it up. It was him again. "Good morning." She said happily as she sat back
down and resumed eating. "I read your letters, they were wonderful. I feel
like I know all about you now. I'm sorry I said all those things to you
last night, it was because I was so horny and lonely for you. I was frustrated.
Forgive me?"

"Always, my love. And do you like my ideas? Are you ready to take
the plunge and put the rubber back on to come and meet me for some dinner?
This time I suggest that you not wear the bra and panties with the clitoral
stimulators in them. But, what do you think?" he said, a playful tone in
his deep voice.

"That was silly of me, wasn't it. But, it did get your attention,
didn't it? And I'd love to meet you for dinner, or anything else you desire.
I think I love you too, what do you say about that, master? I'm glad that
you shook me out of my lethargy and brought me back out into the light
and made me a whole person again. Thank you." She said, huskily. Nibbling
on some toast as she cradled the phone on her shoulder.

"It certainly did my dear. I haven't seen anyone squirming around
in rut like that since nanny Peters found my "Mr. Monster" vibrator and
got it stuck in her pussy and we had to call in a doctor to help get it
out of her, the poor thing. Served her right though. She shouldn't have
been playing with other peoples things. You don't know how happy you've
made me just by saying you love me too. And it's I who should be thanking
you my love. It was cruel of me to put you through what I have to get you
to reclaim your body and your heart. I just want to say I'm sorry about
that. Forgive me? So, when can you fit me into your busy schedule now?"
He asked her. Her heart leapt. When indeed?

Marcie paused a minute before answering. "How about four o'clock?
And Darling…"

"Yes, My dear?" came back.

"Could you send me a belt to go with my black suit? I need something
to carry my ID and other ladies things around in and I don't think a purse
would seem appropriate. Could you send something?" she wheedled, smiling
all the while.

"Of course. How utterly stupid of me! I'll send one along with
Hanz when he comes along to get you. Is black all right? I have a rather
thick one with several pouches clipped to it if you would like that? I'll
have Dutch and Tryran make you some up special right away also, how about
that? Oh, and one other thing my lovely Marcie."

"That would be splendid. And what else lover?" she said.

"Hanz will be suited and masked, my dear. So don't bother trying
to talk with him as he has been rendered deaf and mute for the month for
failing in his duties. I just thought you should know that before he got
there. He has some earpieces so that he can plug into the early warning
systems so that he can drive the car. But, other than that, he'll be rather
boring company I suppose. See you soon, my love." he said, whispering lightly
for such a deep, sure voice.

"I can't wait. I miss you already and I'll wear my black suit.
Without the little infernal knobs on the damn underthings! Four o'clock
then?" she said, trying to keep him on the line just a few moments longer
with her.

"Now I'm the one that can't wait. Goodbye my love, until later
this afternoon."

"Goodbye, I think I'll get ready after lunch if you want to torment
me again. You horny man you." she finished, giggling like a schoolgirl
as she made sure to be the one hanging up on him for a change.

On an impulse and still naked. She grabbed a towel from the bathroom
and went out into her backyard to do something she hadn't done in years.
She spread the towel out and lay down on it to get some sun on her pale
skin. Her neighbor, Mrs. Migintty was pruning and looked over and saw her
as she lay soaking up the warmth and Harrumphed and mumbled "Well I never!"
under her breath as she rapidly retreated indoors. Away from her sunbathing
neighbor Mrs. Waters.

And you most assuredly never will, Mabel. Not with that attitude.
She thought amusedly to herself as she basked in the warm morning sunlight
and smiled and smiled.

She gave herself just enough sun to even out her white skin and
went back in and started by giving herself a long luxurious bath with lots
of bubbles and finishing with a hot shower to rinse the last of the soap
from her body, before drying completely off and looking through the collection
of rubber her lover had sent her.

I'm going to need a new bureau to keep all of this stuff in. she thought
to herself as she hunted around and discovered that she had a dilemma.
She had wanted to wear a mask so that he couldn't see her face. But, found
that they all seemed too small for her to wear over her piled up hair.
She thought about it hard for awhile before going back over to the little
booklet that had given instructions on how to put these clothes on and
how to take care of them and looked through it more completely.

She found a mention of a solution towards the back of the book and shrugged
before going out to her garage and looking through her old sporting goods
and finding her little blue latex swimming cap and piling her hair up underneath
it as she pulled it on over her head. It was tight. But still fit, just
barely and made her hair flatter and more likely to fit under the mask,
even though it gave her head a somewhat conical appearance. She had decided
to wear her new black rubber catsuit to see what it was like with nothing
else on underneath and only the belt and boots on over it. She held up
a black latex mask with thin red swatches of color cutting at an angle
across the temples and decided on that as well. It seemed Ok, it had eye,
nose and mouth holes that seemed to be in the right positions and it zipped
down the back of the head with a wide bib at the neck so that it would
meld seamlessly into the neck of her suit.

Marcie put it on first; the mask fit very tightly on her face and head
as she struggled to get the zipper down in the back. Once on, it warmed
up and molded to her features like a glove leaving not one wrinkle behind
at all. She looked at the masked harlot in the mirror and felt herself
getting damp already. She would have to hurry or she would find herself
swept away on the rising tide of her forbidden lusts again and then where
would she be? Chuckling at the mental image, she smeared herself in lube
and oozed into the tight, figure hugging latex catsuit and boots and stood
in front of the mirror in her room, polishing her now shiny body to a brilliant
sheen.

She was looking good! She thought wryly to herself as she turned this
way and that, examining her tight uplifted asscheeks and protruding tits
with her erect nipples fitting nicely into the molded cups with their own
representations of the same protuberances sticking stiffly out from her
overabundant bosom. She added some short black gloves to complete her ensemble
as she waited for the hours to pass. She felt quite odd in the slick rubber
skin she wore. Not like she was clothed at all but seemed to be both naked
and covered up, all at the same time. The rubber warmed up and seemed much
more comfortable than anything she could ever remember wearing. She stalked
back and forth, pacing across and around the house as she waited for the
right time to place her call, frustrated and so, so horny.

At least this was to be the day! She would finally meet and talk to
her prince in black, shiny rubber for the first time that miles and miles
of phonelines didn't separate them. She sat on the couch for a time, looking
through the album of his pictures, working her foot up and down impatiently
across her knee and wondered again just who he was in reality? He had said
that she would recognize him instantly. Whoever could her loverman be?
After a time, she gave up trying out the possibilities and fetched the
rubber bound book and opened it up to the next chapter and began to read
to pass the remaining time.

Chapter 2

Romance and Kink.

Or How much is that slaveboy in the window?

Much has been written in recent years about how romance has undergone
great changes in the age of AIDS and about how hard it is to find the perfect
mate. I leave others to tell you how these things have affected their lives
and how they feel it has endangered the ideals of romance in this modern
age. But, for us in the kink community. We have been practicing safe sex
almost as long as those in the gay and lesbian communities, perhaps longer.
So long in fact, that we feel that we have an edge, and that edge is called
rubber and latex. By the judicious use of condoms and other means of preventing
the exchange of bodily fluids. One can significantly reduce the transmission
of any unwanted or dangerous diseases if not eliminate them altogether.
The wearing of a rubber full body suit can reduce the risk of infection
to such a degree that it could be eliminated almost to a point of being
a non-issue.

So I put it to you that incorporating rubber and latex clothes
can lend a feeling of safety and security to your sexual play that nothing
else can compare with. And as for romance. Isn't a partner kneeling at
your feet because he/she loves and trusts you just as romantic as getting
a bunch of dying flowers and a night of sweaty sex in the back of a Studebaker?

It may not be the same type of romance that your grandmother
would have approved of. (or maybe she would?) but, in this day and time.
It sure beats having no sex at all or laying in your bed with a vibrator
every night because you fear intimacy with someone you like.

And think about it. Wouldn't those roses and they're thorns find
a better use on the backside of a loving partner that wants and desires
the stimulation than being thrown out in the trash?

So, grab that whip ladies or gentlemen. And don't be afraid to
lay it on hard, (consensually, of course.) Romance is where you find it
and love knows no bounds except those you place on your partner.

And please, practice safe sex in all your sexual play. Whatever
it may be.

Marcie found herself laughing so hard at the image of her
standing over him thrashing him with a dozen red roses, she found it so
hilarious that the book slid off her thighs and landed on the floor with
a thump. Holding her own sides as she howled with laugher. And oddly, she
could see the romantic angle to the writer's point. That love was wherever
you found it these days. And she should know. Her prince wore rubber and
now, so did she. She laughed so hard that tears poured from her eyes
out of her mask and down her cheeks as she slid to the floor, braying with
laughter at the idea of a man on his knees (!) offering her his hand in
marriage and the old joke about the wife being a ball and chain. It was
sure to have a different twist to it these days, she was quite sure. By
the time she quit chuckling, she looked up at the clock and saw it was
almost time to call for her ride. The time had come for her to meet her
own prince charming.

She called the number on the bottom of the last page of his last
letter and found herself speaking with a young sounding girl of possibly
German origins. She introduced herself as Inge, one of the masters housekeepers.
She crispy said that Hanz would be summoned immediately and would come
to pick her up straight away. Marcie liked the way the woman spoke and
tried asking the girl several questions about her master. The girl got
flustered and begged off of saying anything about her master and pleaded
with Marcie not to have her punished for speaking out of turn. Marcie assured
the girl that she was as stout as a brick and wouldn't tell a soul. Then
Inge cheered up a bit and said she had to get back or she'd get licks for
taking too long. She said goodbye with an oddly happy lilt in her voice,
as if she rather liked the idea of being spanked.

Marcie paced the room for the next twenty minutes before she heard
the expected knock on her door. Hanz, the driver, was indeed sealed in
rubber. He wore a very suggestive black rubber suit as tight fitting as
her own but had a strange pair of side belted leather shorts on covering
his genitalia and rear end. Still, it molded quite nicely to his asscheeks
and she was tempted to give one a squeeze. But wanted to wait and see what
was to come. She felt an odd spiritual release as she walked outside in
full view and in broad daylight ahead of a man identifiable only as male
and by the chauffeurs cap he sported and the jack-boots he wore. Head held
high and her heels clicking on the concrete. An epiphany of sorts rang
in her head as she waited for the opened door and she got into the flat
black limousine as if she were a queen in her black shiny rubber outfit.
And they were off in moments, leaving poor Mrs. Migintty lying passed out
on her dying lawn from the shock, water hose still in hand, spraying up
into the air.

It was a good thing the Limo was soundproofed, she laughed so
hard she thought she would die as they raced down the sunlit streets amid
all the regularly dressed people. Hanz opened the partitioning window and
handed her a gorgeous chrome studded four inch thick black rubber belt
with two small handbags attached to it by chrome snap-hooks and she opened
her hand and placed her drivers license and a credit card in the front
one and belted it tightly around her waist, it cinched her in like a narrow
girdle and looked marvelous on her trimmed body.

Marcie watched the people pass by as if she were seeing them from a
train and as though they were going by and she would never come this way
again. She crossed her shiny arms over her breasts and held herself as
they rounded several corners, went up a street and pulled into a garage
and a door came down behind them as they pulled up to a series of pillars
and a double smokey glass door and stopped. There was a red carpet
running from the doors to the car and Hanz came around and opened the car
door, helped her out and led her up the steps as they opened. The place
had the air of a carnival about it. A hoodmasked waitress in a pink latex
body suit with a pink rubber micro-mini greeted her cordially and led her
to a table along a side wall.

It was rather quiet here, she noticed as the woman took her order
for a maitai and strutted off on her six-inch heels. Hanz had also quietly
disappeared, she noticed. The atmosphere was dark and she noted that
there was a stage in the center of the room. The people were dressed primarily
in various types of latex and rubber with some leathers and plastics thrown
in, she guessed for variety and she sat and watched as people danced or
talked in low voices amongst themselves. Everyone seemed to know each other
and seemed quite friendly. It seemed to be a nice place. Though not one
she would normally have frequented if she hadn't met her prince and he
had led her into this strange little world of his. A man and woman sat
both dressed head to toe in black rubber suits at the table next to her
and she leaned over and asked quietly. "Do they have stage shows here?"

The woman laughed and said back softly chuckling. "Do they ever Hon.
You must be new here, My name is Cassandra Tate and this poor mortal sitting
across from me, is Alexander Croquet. We've been coming here for several
years now. Haven't we Dear?" The man just smiled and shrugged and said.
"Welcome to the den of inequity. Hope this kind of place doesn't put you
off Ms. But, I see you already have met the dress code. The show'll start
when Victor decides to get off his rubber-clad ass and comes out. He's
supposed to be meeting his new amour here for the first time tonight. Poor
lad, he's nervous as a cat! I saw him earlier and he was almost beside
himself that the lucky lady will decide that he's ruined goods and run
screaming for the hills! Poor poor laddy."

Marcie smiled back, placed her face in her hands and her elbows on
the table and asked. "Oh. And how is he ruined?”

Cassandra leaned over and placed her gloved hand on Marcie's rubbered
thigh and said seriously. "But he's not, my dear. That's the horrible thing
about it, he just thinks that he is! He's fit as a fiddle and the only
thing bothering him is that he's had such a hard life trying to fit into
both normal society and our own. He feels like he's unmarryable. And that's
such a shame too, because he's such a wonderful man! If asshole here wasn't
so damn good with his tongue and cock. I'd be on Victor in a minute if
he expressed so much as an interest in me. Aaahh, he's really quite dreamy,
you know."

Smiling, Marcie leaned over conspiratorially and said. "Yes, I know."

Cassandra drew back confused. "And how do you know Victor. Oh! Wait,
-I…"

"Yes." Marcie said, flushing under her mask. "I'm the one he's meeting
tonight."

The look on both of their shiny faces came right through the rubber
masks they wore. They were dumbfounded. Then Cassandra threw her head back
and brayed with high, clear laugher as she licked her sharp tongue over
her masked lips and said musically. "Wonderful! I think you'll do just
fine. I'm sorry. I didn't catch your name."

She cocked her head to the side and said. "Hello. My name is
Marcie Waters. I'm the one that should apologize. I kind of led you on
there. I'm just so curious about him. Until you just told me, I didn't
even know his name. Victor. I like it. Can I buy you each a drink for your
help?" Alexander looked stricken and sat sullenly. But, Cassandra looked
elated. She reached over and hung her rubber clad arm around Marcie's shoulders
and hugged her like a long lost friend. "Lovely Marcie, if you are indeed
the apple of his eye. You can buy me all the drinks you like. So tell me,
how did you two meet? Tell Cassie absolutely, everything." She inquired
conspiratorially.

So Marcie spent the next twenty minutes telling Cassandra and
Alexander and a gathering growing circle of rubber clad people about his
first call and all that came after. By the time she had finished, Cassie
and several of the others that had gathered around their table were convulsing
with snorting and good natured laughter and she felt really good about
the people in this place. They seemed so kind and she had seemed to have
passed some kind of test. But, they were all so nice to her and they seemed
so happy that Victor had found someone that he trusted enough to want to
meet, that she felt warmed by their jovial jibes at both themselves and
Victor and she felt very at home with all of these strangely dressed and
blatantly sexual people.

A man named Ratherford spoke up at the end of her narrative and
said. "I wondered what happened to that book. Well. I'm glad it's in a
place that people can find it. And hopefully read it and learn what you
have. That we're not really just a bunch of kooks. I hope you read the
rest and return it to your shelves for others, my dear Mrs. Waters."

"Oh, I will Benjamin. But, why are you so interested in it getting
out where the general public can see it?" she asked the tall man in a rubber
body suit and jack boots and wearing the most stunning latex rubber bowler
hat Marcie had ever seen.

"Because, my dear. I wrote it! Under an assumed name of course.
About six years ago. After my dear wife left me for a truck driver named
Albert. It helped me to come to grips with my own fetishism, writing gave
me a way to let others know about us and that we exist and that we are
people too. So please, when you're done, give it a good home. There's only
eleven copies of it in existence. It does me a world of good just knowing
that it's still around. Enjoy."

Now Marcie was dumbstruck. So, this tall man from some good college,
she bet, wrote the book she was slowly using as a primmer. Intriguing.
She had about a million questions for this man. But right as she was going
to ask him if she could talk to him about it later, a well built man all
in black rubber came over and standing slightly apart from the small circle,
asked in a voice she would have recognized anywhere. "Marcie? Is that you
my love? You look absolutely stunning!"

She gave him her best smile and she vaguely wondered if it showed
through her mask as she said brightly. "Hello Victor. Thank you for your
fine complement. Can we have dinner now? I'm absolutely ravenous."

Her black clad man and the whole of the room around her broke
out in laughs.

After the din had died down. She took his extended hand, rose
and walked beside him, watching him as hard as he watched her back likewise,
to a long, out of the way table sitting in an alcove with a direct line
of sight to the stage and sat back down as he held her chair before sitting
himself. The pictures didn't do him justice. He was unremarkable in size
and height. But was well defined and the latex showed much of his rippling
stomach muscles and his well muscled arms and shoulders. Here in public,
he wore the same belted shorts that Hanz wore to hide, or at least better
define his loins. Her prince wore flat heeled high-thigh boots and a belt
matching her own. They made a cute couple, Marcie decided as she took a
menu from the pink rubber-clad waitress.

Victor did indeed look quite nervous as he asked speculatively.

"So, what would you like to eat Lovely Marcie. I can recommend the tube-st.
eer, sorry. I mean the house steak. I'm so sorry, I must sound like a real
putz. Please forgive me. I sooo want this to go right, I really do. I've
wanted for this for so long. Please don't mind me, I'm blathering."

Marcie laid a reassuring hand on his rubberized arm and leaned
in closer to his rather overheated frame and said softly. "Victor. Relax.
I'm here aren't I? Now, I'll have the veal with peppercorns, some escalloped
potatoes and the house salad and how about we share a bottle of Liebfraumilch
Ostilling while we talk. All right?"

He looked so grateful, she thought he was going to fall over in
a faint. He quickly recovered though and said to the pink-clad woman. "Right.
And I'll have the beef pompinon, Becka. And make sure the wine is properly
chilled please, and a Grolsh, thank you Becka."

The woman's lips curled up under her mask in a broad smile as
she took the menus and said. "It'll be just a few minutes, sir and madam…
Vic. you're on." And then scuttled away as quickly as her high heels would
carry her.

True enough. Right then a spotlight came on blinding both of them
and he looked at her sheepishly and quickly rose to his feet and said loudly,
but good-naturedly to the crowd. "Hello friends and special guests. Tonight
is a big night for all of us, and especially for me. I'd like you all to
welcome a special friend of mine, this is Ms M. ladies and gentlemen. Please
make her feel at home and let's get on with tonight's entertainment. Enjoy
the show everybody!" a great round of applause arose and Marcie nodded
her head in acknowledgment before the music came up and the lights darkened.
Leaving them to each other again.

The show started with a pair of rubber-clad women dancing provocatively
out onto the stage and running their rubbered hands over themselves and
then each other as they intertwined twisting to the music's driving beat.
She felt some little flutters of arousal coming on as she watched the two
women rubbing themselves against each other and placed a slim hand on the
leg of Victors shorts as the two writhed onstage. The waitress, Becka,
came back bearing a bottle stand and two glasses and poured them each a
glass and retreated. Marcie took the opportunity and scooted her chair
closer and switched hands as he slid an arm around her and laid her head
on his strong shoulder and sipped her wine as the action onstage intensified.
One of the women had strapped a large black dildo onto her waist and held
the others leg up even with her body and made her stand that way as she
unzipped the woman's crotch and started fucking the tottering rubber woman
as hard and as fast as she could, the latter’s body quaking as she came
from the sudden rapid, forceful thrusts.

Every persons breathing in the room could be heard as it got deeper
and they all got more and more aroused as a group as the two women ground
themselves hard against one another, the contortionist gasping now as her
pussy was plundered. Marcie felt him stiffen as they watched and both started
breathing deeper and she squirmed in her chair as her own arousal deepened.
The swaying rubber-girl was crying out now as she slammed her own hips
back at the tit tweaking Dominatrix's dildo with a slapping, wet sound
coming from between them, unable to be covered up by the swelling musical
strains.

Even without the stimulator bra and panties, she was feeling randy
inside her rubber suit and growled softly as she eased her gloved hand
down inside Victor's molded shorts, grasping his swelling, encased member
and encircling it in her small digits and giving it a few squeezes as she
smiled up at him. He could be seen doing likewise down at her and sat with
his arm around her as they watched the two women onstage scream out in
orgasm and both promptly came apart panting and their pelvis's glistening
with love juice as they bowed to the applause and withdrew stage left.
The music ended and soft lighting came back up and people went back to
talking amongst themselves until the next act.

Victor was quite hard in her hand as she asked. "So. Now that
I have you in hand, so to speak. Talk to me. I now know your name is Victor,
which is more than you were willing to tell me. I understand why you're
cautious. But, now… I wouldn't want to do anything to upset what we have.
So why don't you come clean and tell me more about yourself. You don't
have to tell me your full name for now, as you asked in your wonderfully
touching letters. But, I want to know why you picked me. And where we go
from here, for starters."

She felt him deflate a little from being put on the spot. But,
she jacked his still hard cock back to rigidity and sat looking at him
until he shook his head slightly and said. "All right Marcie. I won't tell
you my full name. But, Victor is my middle name. I own this and about twenty
other such clubs all over the world. I inherited most of them from my father
who saw the future of our modern sexual underground and started these clubs
so that fetishists and other hedonists would have a safe and nurturing
place to meet and fulfill their fantasies. We were driven out at first,
from some communities. But soon found areas where we were actually welcomed
for our diversity and charitable contributions. Later, we would become
valued members of most of the downtown organizations, in our normal attire
of course and finally, we just blended into the hearts of many of the largest
cities around the globe. We have clubs in such far flung places as Fiji
and Moscow and such international cities as Berlin and London. It gives
us places to go to see what other's in our society are like and that we
all come from every type of job or way of life. We have a home here as
you see it and we like it that way. We're happy and productive members
of society.

I've told you most of my story already. You know about my family,
my past history, my love of rubber. From them, you know the real me. My
outside life has been a stone around my neck, necessary. But, unhappy for
me most of the time. I'll tell you I'm employed in publishing and procurement.
That should give you enough to play with for the time being. You still
haven't told me what you thought about the last part of my last letter.

As for why I like you. Better to ask me why I love rubber. The
answer is the same. You're both lovely, bright, flexible and durable. How
do you like that for tap dancing? Oh, I guess I really looked at you for
the first time, that day last fall when you came into the library after
being soaked in that wild, sudden rainstorm and I saw how good you really
looked under that soaked-thru ugly blue dress you were wearing. I got to
really see your taunt, firm haunches and how you were a naturally big-breasted
woman, no silicon for you, you really got my blood pumping as you took
Liz's old overcoat and went off to dry out. Wet as hell, your face was
lovely looking since you were amused by the soaking and your musical laughter
rang all through the halls of the library as you went with Liz into the
storage room where the furnace is.

I stood there for what seemed like hours,
waiting for my hard-on to go down or for you to come back out. A little
while later, I wandered off. But your image was stuck in my head. You were
so gorgeous! I think I wanted you from then on. I watched you as often
as I was able after that, thinking about how to introduce myself to you.
I knew about your husbands death. And I figured out that that was why you
didn't go out at all. At least with no one that I could find out about.
But I was petrified. How could I meet you and then not have you walk away
in disgust once I told you about my fetish lifestyle? It was a stumper,
that's for sure. Finally, I just decided to call you. And I did. And now
here you are. Thank you for coming, by the way." He said as she continued
jerking him off.

Marcie took her left hand and ran it over Victor's smooth, masked
face. Leaned and planted a short but lingering kiss on his rubber outlined
lips and drew back.

"No, thank you for telling me that. I wasn't willing to tell
myself the truth about why I made myself so withdrawn for all these years
after my Andy died. But, you saw through my facade and wooed me back in
to look at myself in a new light. And I have you to thank for that as well.
Never be ashamed to talk to me Victor. I want to know all your troubles
and pain and hopes and dreams. I want to get to finally see the real you
sometime. But, for now. We'll continue to hide our outer selves so that
our inner selves can get to know one another.

I must say that I was pleased that you thought I was still pretty and
that you thought that I was sexy looking. I had forgotten what it was like
to even pleasure myself and you brought me that joy again. I want us to
bring as much joy as that into your life. I was shocked that you got me
to feel again. First by talking to me and getting me horny, then later,
when you got me to wear such hot, sexy things as I read pages from Benjamin's
book. I started realizing that you need me as much as I needed you and
I think that tipped the scales in your direction more than anything. I
used to love to feel wanted. And you made that possible again. I don't
care about clothes. Oh, don't get me wrong, I never felt more desirable
or sexy or horny than in these rubber outfits that you were kind enough
to buy for me. But, I've grown to love the you I talked to on those nights
that we didn't fuck ourselves as just as much as when we did. Although
I've never cum so much or so hard in my entire life as when I was getting
off on the phone with you. I'll never forget them." she sat smiling coyly
down at her lap as the waitress came with the food and his beer and placed
it down in front of them before leaving again.

They exchanged looks, she gave him a final squeeze and withdrew
her hand and they sat and ate in a pleased companionable silence for awhile.
The food was excellent and she ate hardy and soon was feeling full as she
pushed the last of her salad around with a fork. Becka brought them some
toddies, after the wine was gone, from Casse and Alexander and some after
dinner mints, placing them on the table as the music came back up, announcing
the next act. She smiled and snuggled up against him as the lights went
down again.

It looked like a fashion show at first. People in rubber body
suits danced out and up the catwalk. Then a pair of rubber clad men with
very hard erect cocks came out and a woman, all in white rubber, came out
also and stood between the two men as the others danced around them. the
woman in white started rubbing her backside over the cock of the man on
her right and turned the other man around facing her and reached down underneath
herself to unzip her crotch and give access to the two stout fellows as
they picked her up by her spread legs and she was soon impaled, front and
back, by the two stiff rubber covered dicks.

She howled as the man behind her started driving in and out of
her anal cavity with hard, brutal thrusts and the man in front stood almost
still as she ground her pussy up and down on his stiff shaft as she was
lifted by the power of the dual intruders slamming, slapping pistoning…
The music changed to a dull techno beat as the others onstage started fucking
each other as well, their hips moving to the bouncing music.

Her and Victor sat back, full and satiated and Marcie soon had
slipped her hand back down his shorts, working his cock back to attention
as she simmered hotly from the sight of the lascivious action up on the
stage before them. He grinned at her as she pumped on his thick rubber
covered prick and said. "Here." And unbelted several buckles and pulled
his leather-like covering free and let his latex-sheathed cock spring forth
in all it's glory for her to play with as they listened to the people onstage
and off starting to moan and sigh in pure pleasure as they got into the
action. She fisted him for quite a long time, skillfully stopping just
short of his squirting his seed into the sleeve and making him squirm about
as she jerked him almost to the point of orgasm and then let off and just
held him firm and throbbing in her gloved hand as he subsided, then began
again.

This show went on much longer that the first, with all of the
people onstage taking a turn at the woman in white, the women as well as
the men, with both fingers and tongues and then dildo's as she was being
steadily brought to screaming cum after cum by her various partners. The
music wrapping back to the beginning several times before they all became
a writhing mass of rubberized bodies on the floor of the stage as they
fucked and sucked themselves to oblivion.

The crescendo built up as ten people, mostly men, stood around
the woman in white as she kneeled in the middle of them and they all jerked
off on her rubber clad tits and face, some without the all-covering rubber
sleeves spraying her with lots of whitish jism. Her lips trying to catch
it all and her tongue licking it up, until she stood up covered and running
in it and the music ended and they all took a bow and left the stage, some
staggering from their exertions as they went.

The entire room was breathing a sigh of release as the lights
came up again and her and Victor sat grinning and randy as she continued
to yank on his prick and let off when he almost was there. Victor was groaning
and sweat was dripping from out of the eyes and mouth of his mask as he
gasped, trying to maintain his equilibrium. "Ohhh Marcie. Now you're the
one teasing me, aren't you? Aaaahhhh. I guess I had better take you in
the back and let you have your way with me, otherwise you're going to drive
me mad all night, aren't you?"

She let him build up to that point just before orgasm once more
and then leaned in and said sultrily. "Right again. So I guess you had
better show me the way. Or else I'll stop right here and now."

"Aaaaarrrgghhh! All right woman! All right. Just let me put my
shorts back on." He cried. His hips jerking in frustration as he was short
changed again.

"Oh, no. Victor. I want everyone here to see that I have you by
the short and scruffies. You just get up and we'll go on into the back.
But, I'm going to have you now, back there or right here, it doesn't matter.
So shoo!"

She stood and pulled him erect by his cock, his body almost collapsing
again as his legs protested her abusive treatment and she led him like
a prize poodle through the murmuring crowd and they walked through a set
of doors and down a long hallway.

"You don't have to be so rough, my dear Marcie. I would have
brought you back here sooner or later. I want you as much as you want me,
I assure you." He demurred as she pulled him along the corridor by his
still rigid and throbbing dick.

"I don't think you realize what you've unleashed on yourself,
my dearest. I've got almost twelve years of sexual frustration built up
in my boiling pussy and you're going to get the blessing of getting all
that lust burying you and fucking you until you can't stand it, all the
rest of the long night ahead of you. Don't you want to find out what you're
getting before you marry me, you lovely, lucky, randy man you?" She said
back, grinning an evil grin and gripping him harder still as she led him
along and through a door he pointed to, almost falling over in pain and
pleasure from her throttling of him.

"Oh my god!" he gasped as she pulled him through the door and
almost flung his heavier body onto a rubber sheeted canopy bed inside.
"I've created a monster. Help!" he chuckled, bouncing as she hopped on
top of him and guided his bulbous head up to her pussy and pulled up on
the crotch zipper, exposing her dripping quim. Her juices soaking and shining
both of them as she worked his knob back and forth over her pulsing slit
and making her shudder with maddening desire for him.

"You've got that right, lover. Now show me how the rest of our
life is going to be like and let me fuck the hell out of you. My darling
rubbery man. I love you Victor! I will, I'll marry you if you really want
me!" she cried as she finally sank down on his erect cock and stars shot
across her vision as he filled her up as no sextoy ever could. "I love
you too, my Rubberwife, My darling Marcie!" he shouted as she slammed her
cunt all the way down, their wet bodies slapping together as their rhythm
was quickly established.

It was short, but sweet. The first one anyway, the rest were long
and satisfying. They were screaming each others names and crying out their
love for one another over and over as her first massive, soul rending cum
took her away on angels wings, his cock swelled larger than she thought
it could as he jerked and came pulsatingly inside his sleeve inside her
and after that, they didn't stop except for water and hugging and kissing
all night, before falling asleep in each others arms. Marcie's smiling
rubber masked head on his rubber-suited chest. Blissful and happy that
they had found each other finally.
