---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Women of Latex Hills 4
authors:
- Leticia Latex
tags:
- MF-f
- transform
- lovedoll
- toys
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2007-07-04 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Women of Latex Hills 3**](women_latexhills3.html))_

_**4. Olivia**_

_"Why don't you go talk to him?  Ask him out or something" my friend Monica teased me.  She knew I had a crush on Andrew, the new guy who had been transfered from the main office.  Me and Monica worked for Xetal, back in Chicago._

_"I can't just go up to him and... no, I'm way too shy" I said._

_"Too shy? You never made up stories or never shied away from telling people you worked in a sex toy factory before.  And you usually DO tell people because you know it lightens up the mood.  People get curious and the whole discussion veers towards sex.  No, I don't think 'shy' is the word or the reason why you won't ask him out" she insisted._

_Touche._

_She casually took a stack of doll boxes and put them down into a larger shipping crate headed for the west coast.  We usually always worked together, we had a large range of different tasks at the factory.  Today we were doing shipping work._

_"Ok, so I like to talk about sex.  I'm still a terribly shy girl, and I can't break the ice with the sex toy factory story, he works in a sex toy factory" I said, matter of factly._

_"Touche" she said.  I just smiled.  It was the truth afterall, I was shy._

_We closed the crate we were working on, taped it and set it on it's way on a conveyor belt.  The lunch bell then rang in the warehouse and we went outside for lunch.  As soon as we had found a table, Monica didn't wait a second to start asking me questions again._

_"Olivia, here's what I don't get.  You don't have a boyfriend, you're 'supposedly' shy, yet whenever we talk about sex you always keep going on about this or that one time with this or that guy.  What am I missing here?" Monica laid out the facts.  I owed her this much, I decided to finally come clean with her._

_"I'm...I'm somewhat of a nymphomaniac...I think" I blurted out._

_"Wha...what?" she coughed out a bit of water.  "You're joking, right?"_

_"I didn't consult or anything, but I've had problems with relationships because of this.  That's also why I don't date at the moment.  But all the stories I told are real" I continued._

_"But how? Why? I don't get it.  It's not you... I don't know you like that" she tried to rationalize._

_"Why?!? You're asking me?" I paused.  "The only reason I can come up with is 'I like sex', which explains me thinking I'm a nympho... but then, being a nympho would imply I like sex.  I don't think it can be explained"_

_"So you're a shy nympho?" she asked with a grin, then looked left and right, lowered her head and whispered.  "I gotta let you in on my secret too.  I'm a pacifist murderer, I hug my victims to death".  My eyes widened._

_"You don't believe me!" I couldn't believe she was making fun of me when I was being serious but then again, it's not like I gave out a nympho vibe.  More details might convince her._

_"I want to believe you, it makes for such an interesting story, but how does a shy girl fu...sleep with so many guys" she asked me._

_"It's a long story..." I said._

_"We haven't even ordered yet.  I'm all ears" she sat back in her seat, waiting for me to spill it._

_"Alright...so I have this suit.  When I put it on, I feel invincible.  My shyness completely dissipates" I started to explain._

_"A suit? That's it?" she interrupted me._

_"I'm a fetishist, Monica.  It's a latex suit, it covers my whole body.  Nobody ever saw the real me.  I'm too shy to let them see me" I continued._

_"But... why hide your body?  You look good" Monica complimented me._

_"It's not because of how I look... it's because of what I am.  I can't just have guys knowing I'm a... thinking I'm a slut!" I said, blushing._

_"Can I take your order?" said the waitress next to us, I couldn't say just how long she had been there.  I was definately red in the face now.  At least she didn't say anything about it, so we ordered and she went on her way._

_"You're just full of surprises, aren't you?  So you always left out the part about the suit and your rubber fetish in your stories" she teased me._

_"That... plus the fact that I'm a... you know" I sheepishly said to my best friend._

_"And you've completely stopped dating, because you don't want to hurt guys?" Monica guessed._

_"Or myself, for that matter" I added._

_"Phew... that's a lot to take in" she sighed.  Over the rest of dinner, I gave her more details on how I did what I did, where I hung out, that sort of thing.  We eventually went back to work._

_Once back at work, we got another shipping crate ready.  As we did so, Andrew passed by and went about his task out of earshot.  Monica pushed a dildo aside and grabbed a box with a doll in it and presented it, window first, to me._

_"OOoooh, Andy baby, let me be your rubber doll.  Put your cock in my shiny, plastic pussy!" she mockingly said in a high pitched horny voice.  I slapped the box out of her hands._

_"That's so cheesy.  You're gonna make fun of the new stuff you know about me now?" I asked her, wondering if I had done the right thing in telling her._

_"You never know, maybe he's into all that" she suggested._

_"He doesn't look like the type" I said, looking at him.  Monica just gave me a nudge of the elbow, I looked back at her._

_"YOU don't look the type, and I've known you forever" I guess I couldn't argue with that._

_"Maybe I could talk to him sometime" I conceded._

_"Finally!" she said, feeling like she'd won the battle.  I was happy the argument was over, plus she had kind of convinced me.  We filled crate after crate until it was time to go home.  As we got out she asked me if I had plans for the night._

_"I'm going... out" I said sheepishly, getting red in the face._

_"Really? Because we had a group going out tonight..."_

_"I...I need to" I interrupted her._

_"You can't put it off?" she asked me.  I just shook my head no._

_"I've been putting it off for..." I paused to think, "...four days"_

_"That's it?"_

_"Four days is long for me, Monica" I felt a bit ashamed when telling her that._

_"It boggles my mind how you've managed to hide this for so long" she wondered.  I told her we'd talk more about it the next day and went on my way home._

_I didn't waste time once I arrived home.  I got my outfit laid out on the bed and went for a shower.  When I got out I dried myself and came back to my room.  I applied a little powder to myself and into the suit.  The suit was a flesh colored catsuit, it covered my whole body except for the head.  After getting into the legs, I fitted the hands of the suit over mine and finally zipped myself up in the back.  I had the catsuit and the hood made so that I could cover my whole body in flesh colored latex, this way I'd always be covered and I could still wear other latex outfits over it if I wanted to pull different looks.  Over my legs, I put a blue rubber cheerleader skirt.  I completed the outfit by putting on a matching transparent blue buttoned up shirt, through which you could see the pink nipples glued on my suit.  I laced up a pair of two inch platform boots with heels double that height over my feet._

_After dressing up, I went back into the bathroom and stepped into the shower.  I flipped a switch near the water faucet and triggered another one of the custom-made gadgets that had been made to fit my uncontrollable lifestyle.  I covered my head with my hood.  The hood had been made to fit my head snuggly so I would really look like myself, only in rubber and in a uniform color, with only the red lips standing out from the otherwise perfect, shiny version of myself the mask seemed to give me.  I figured no one would know the hood was of me, they'd just think it was just another rubber hood, albeit one who looked way less anonymous than the usual ones.  These guys were all one night stands and none of them had ever seen my face so I would never admit to being me even if someone recognized me through the mask.  My speech also had a sultry, horny quality to it when I went out on those nights so people couldn't recognize me by the way I talked either.  I zipped up the hood and threw the fine rubber strands of hair coming out of its scalp over my shoulders.  I then turned the faucet and instead of water, a fine mist of lube covered the air around me as I held my breath and turned around with my arms spread out, getting it all over me.  As it kept on showering me, I started caressing myself, spreading the lube evenly all over my body, making sure no areas remained unshined.  My slippery fingers running across my glistening body sent shivers down my spine, making my knees weak.  I grabbed one of the bars lining the sides of my shower and lowered myself to the floor of the shower, saving me from inevitably slipping as I knew there was no way I was getting to the club without a little relief first.  The lube mist fell over me as I kept spreading it over my body as I twisted on the floor.  I came back to my senses five minutes later and got up on my feet, my crotch area having a distinctively more polished look than the rest of my suit.  Alone, I still smile and blush at the thought of how naughty I was.  After all I never felt ashamed when I was dressed up in my suit.  After getting a good shine, I shut the mist off and flipped the switch back to water before stepping out of the bathroom to head to the garage.  I got into the car, tinted windows protecting me from neighbour's sight.  Ready at last, I drove off to the club._

_I got into the underground garage and parked my car near the ornate elevator.  I got out of my vehicle in the safety of the private garage.  The doorman called the elevator for me and engaged in the usual bit of chit-chat we had whenever I came.  Once the elevator arrived, I made my way up to the club._

_I barely had time to scan the place with my eyes that a guy was making his way over to me.  A guy I had never seen and would definately have sat next to if he had given me time.  I was drawn to him as he, just like me, had his whiole body covered in latex, only black in color.  And what a body it was, it could only be a new guy as I was sure I would've remembered a guy like that._

_"Hi... I..." he started, "can't come up with anything to say that's not going to make me look like an idiot".  I just laughed, he seemed relieved._

_"That'll do" I said, still laughing._

_"Can I offer you a drink then?" he asked me._

_I touched his left side and felt his toned body through the rubber, turning him softly towards the bar.  "Please do" I smiled at him._

_I forgot for a moment how striking I must've been to a first timer to this club, even if this guy had been a long time fetishist.  I reminded myself that I had chosen a semi-transparent outfit and blushed, thinking of my naked second skin showing.  My shiny face would never have let him known I was blushing though._

_We both took our drinks and made our way to a booth.  Once there, we spent the next two hours chatting and getting to know each other.  I managed to hold a conversation this whole time even though my mind was really on a single thing.  My situation wasn't helped by the continuous stream of people going back and forth to the private play rooms.  He told me how he was relatively new to the city.  How he had actually left his small town to find a girlfriend because, apparently, it's hard to tell which girls are single in his town and he couldn't date back there._

_"I have to tell you I really like your outfit" he complimented me._

_"Thanks!  I must say I'm kinda surprised you came up to me so fast when I came in considering what I was wearing" I admitted._

_"No really, it's lovely.  Also, to be honest with you... I came up so fast because from far away you looked like someone I like from work.  But then I saw your face was just plastic..." he said._

_"Believe it or not, I get that a lot" I laughed._

_"Do you?" he sounded surprised.  I just nodded, looking at yet another couple headed for the private rooms.  He caught me looking and looked me in the eyes.  "Wanna go play?"_

_I would've agreed anyways, but it wasn't really me making the choice.  It was a shame this guy would turn out to be a one night stand like all the others, he was a really nice guy.  I followed him into the private area as we looked for an unoccupied room.  We finally found one and shut the curtains behind us.  The rooms didn't have any doors as they were simply meant for playing and not for sex.  Some rooms had themes and some were 'bring your own toys' type of rooms.  We had found one of the simple rooms and we didn't have any special accessories.  I couldn't have cared less as I just wanted to get some action going._

_As soon as the curtains were shut, I pushed him against the wall and started running my fingers all over him.  My hands soon found the zipper to the crotch in his suit. He felt me tugging on it and pushed me back softly for a second._

_"What are you doing?  We can't do this here" he protested._

_"No one ever looks in those rooms, believe me" I spoke from experience._

_"But they're for playing...aren't there rules against sex here?"_

_"Rules shmules..." I said.  I took his hands and slowly brought them to my breasts, mashing his fingers in me and continued, "You know...I've been told a lot of times in the past that I look like a doll in this outfit"_

_"It's true, you do" he said, obviously enjoying my breasts in his hands._

_"Then play with me..." I said, getting down to my knees in front of him.  I closed my eyes and tilted my head up, my wide open mouth waiting for him.  He mumbled slightly in protest.  I couldn't quite make out what he mumbled as the sound of his catsuit zipper opening drowned out his protests.  His cock soon landed square on my tongue, slowly inching inside my mouth.  He went back and forth slowly a few times before putting his hands on my head and forcing his whole length down my throat.  I looked up at him, he had a surprised look on his face.  This is usually the point where most guys think I should be gagging, and always stay surprised when I don't.  I really wished I could've sucked him more but I really needed him somewhere else.  I stood up and held his penis in front of my pussy._

_"I need you to put your cock in my shiny, plast..." I started before being cut off mid-sentence.  Hot from the action, my partner decided to remove his dark mask.  I couldn't finish my sentence as Andrew revealed himself as the man behind the mask and the revelation was too much to take in so quickly.  Confusion clouded my mind yet my next move seemed obvious at the moment.  "I gotta go..." I said, storming out of the room.  Leaving Andrew with his cock out gave me time to close the doors of the elevator and head down to my car._

_As I drove back to my house, I kept asking myself tons of questions.  What this all meant for any plans I had with Andrew?  What if he recognized me?  Why did I even leave?_

_When I finally got back home, I quickly undressed and went for a shower.  Afterwards in bed, frustrated and unsatisfied, I fingered myself to sleep._

_The next day at work, I was all thumbs.  I was shaking a little and didn't have my mind on work at all.  To make things worst, whenever I glanced up at Andrew, he seemed to be observing me.  I dropped a stack of cardboard boxes on the floor and Monica dropped to her knees with me to help me pick them up._

_"What's wrong with you?  You look like a crack addict who hasn't had his fix" she told me._

_"I am" I said bluntly._

_"Oh that too?" she said incredulously, refering to yesterday's revelation._

_"Sex!" I said a little too loud, surprising even myself._

_"What?"_

_"I haven't had sex" I whispered._

_"That's it??" she asked.  I just glared at her.  "Sorry."_

_"It's worst than that..."_

_"What is it?" she inquired._

_"I did go out last night.  Met a nice guy, did my thing... then a little bit later..." I stopped, too shy to look Monica in the eyes.  "...a little later, I was... blowing him and then we were just about to f... do it, and he removed his hood.  It was Andrew" I finished my story._

_"So you didn't have sex, then it gets worst you say.  It gets worst by you meeting a nice guy, then you blow him, then it's Andrew, then your story is over.  Where does it get worst?  Isn't that supposed to be great?" she asked me, then started mumbling to herself.  "You didn't have sex..." she mumbled, then realised.  "You left!" she accused me, "You didn't just leave him , did you?"_

_I just nodded.  "Did he recognize you?" she asked me._

_"No, I had a mask myself" I told her._

_"So why not have sex with him?"_

_"I can't let him be one of my one night stands" I explained._

_"Then you could've had sex then, and again, and again.  It could have just been a first time" she suggested._

_"Then he would know I'm a nympho..." I countered._

_"Oh my gawd!  SO?" Monica seemed exasperated._

_"It's just a fancier word for slut, you know?  Isn't that bad?" I asked._

_"I don't know, you tell me.  You did meet him in a fetish joint where you go to find people to sleep with" she reasoned._

_"I know... I just..." I said before knocking my head on a forklift in a moment of inattention.  Before I could react, the wobbling forklift dropped it's payload on me, crushing my legs and the bottom of my spine.  Trapped beneath the heavy crate, I screamed in pain for a few seconds and fainted._

_I'm guessing only a few minutes went by when I gained consciousness as Monica was frantically yelling for someone who could operate the forklift.  Andrew was there, he was putting away an empty syringe into a silver briefcase.  Then I spotted the crate still on my legs.  Remembering the accident, I quickly sat up, holding myself up on my hands as my waist itself was still under the crate.  Something wasn't right though.  The crate was level with the ground, which would mean my legs were either in the ground, in the crate... or flat.  I couldn't feel the pain anymore either._

_"I... I think I'm paralyzed... I can't feel my legs anymore" I cried, looking at Andrew.  He came over to me and supported my weight so I could rest my arms._

_"You should be fine, I gave you some strong painkillers"_

_"Oh?" I said, reassured.  The forklift eventually removed the crate from my legs, revealing them strangely intact.  "Does it cause hallucinations?"_

_"Huh... I dunno, I'll have to get back to you on that" Andrew replied._

_He and Monica helped me up on my feet and carried me over to the infirmary.  Ours was a pretty elaborate one, a full on clinic.  After submitting myself to two hours of tests and various other things with the suffix 'graphy' in them, a diagnosis was pronounced.  I was apparently going to be fine, though they did give me two months of convalescence._

_Andrew drove me home, explaining on the way what the painkiller he had administered did.  It was supposed to modify my bone structure, essentially making them disappear into thin air, he said, was the most accurate way he could describe the process.  The bones not being 'there', the pain disappeared also.  He also explained how a fringe benefit of this drug was that the bone gradually healed when it was gone, wherever that was.  The effects lasted around twenty-four hours after which the bones restructured, along with the pain.  When we arrived home, he helped me walk up to the house.  He told me I should be able to walk on my legs fine, just not to expect running or anything much more than that as they'd still be extremely weak.  With those words he wished me well and went back to his truck, driving away from me.  It felt good to be near him again, and I could only imagine now how bad he must've felt the night before when I left him hanging._

_The next day, Andrew was back to visit me.  He carried with him the same silver briefcase I had seen him put the syringe in.  I let him in and had him sit in the living room with me._

_"The company sent me to be in charge of your daily injections" he said, showing me the case.  "So how have you been?"_

_"Good, it's hard to tell I've had an accident" I told him._

_"Nice to hear I'm back before the pain set in" he said, opening the case and preparing a syringe.  I pulled the sheets I had set on my legs, presenting them to him.  He injected me and put the syringe away again.  "There, all set"_

_"Thanks, you're nice Andrew" I smiled at him, resting my legs back on the couch._

_"Oh, it's nothing..." he blushed.  "You know... I went out the other night and met a girl, I thought it was you..." he started, then stopped to think if he should continue on.  I was worried he knew it was me and at the same time I was morbidly curious._

_"Oh yeah?  What club did you go to?" I asked him._

_"Oh you know, one of those clubs on that street where all the clubs are.  Honestly I forget which one" he lied to me, scratching his head._

_Sure...the club where people dress in latex and go dance, have a drink and fuck, I thought to myself, a club so easily forgotten amidst all the other similar ones._

_"Yeah, I know, it's a lame story.  Sorry I brought it up, I was just making conversation.  I get shy sometimes and say whatever's going through my head to break the silence" he told me, blushing again.  "So listen, I should be coming back every day for your injections.  They have to be carefully dosed so that's why the company put me in charge.  How does 5-6 PM sound to you?" he asked me.  He looked up behind me for a few seconds while I thought about the time he had given me.  "But you know...I'm pretty sure you can handle it.  How about I leave the briefcase here and you call me if there's any trouble.  It's 20cc per day when you start to feel the pain come back.  Alright?  I gotta go" he said, writing his phone number on a piece of paper he handed me before storming off.  I just looked at the silver case, baffled._

_"What the hell was that all about?" I wondered.  A creaking sound behind me got my attention, I turned to see my cat pushing the wardrobe door open to get out of it.  I hadn't shut that door firmly and right there in plain view were my suit and hood.  I looked back at the front door and thought of Andrew.  Was the door open when he was here?_

_Seeing Andrew and my outfit brought my mind back on sex, which I had managed to forget with the events that had come to pass.  For a full week, I injected myself with the drug.  Strangely, when looking at the syringe, 20cc seemed more than I had seen the syringe contain when Andrew used to do it, but I clearly remembered him saying 20cc so I kept at it.  Since I could not see any man, I had to satisfy myself with the toys I owned.  Even as Monica came to visit me, I had a butt plug and a dildo in me under my covers.  I was a wreck.  One day, exhausted, I fell asleep in front of the TV._

_I woke up in searing pain, with the medication all the way across the room.  I crawled, my legs hurting just from dragging on the floor.  I finally injected myself, but couldn't bear how long it took for it to take effect.  Crying, I gave myself another shot.  At last, the pain went away.  I got back on my feet slowly and made my way to bed instead of risking falling asleep on the couch again._

_The next day I called Andrew at noon for him to come see me as soon as possible.  When he arrived and knocked at the door I yelled for him to help himself in.  I was sitting in my couch, my legs resting under my blanket as always.  I turned off the TV as he sat before me._

_"Sorry I couldn't let you in myself..." I told him._

_"Were you having any trouble, Olivia?  Why the call?" Andrew asked me._

_"You knew it was me the other night, right?" I asked him quite directly._

_"I'm sorry, what?"_

_"The suit!  You saw my suit and that's why you left the briefcase to me.  You hoped I'd screw up and overdose on the stuff.  When you said the injections needed to be carefully measured, you never mentionned side effects.  I would think you'd mention those unless you didn't know about them or maybe you knew and that's exactly what you wanted" I accused him._

_"Side effects?" he tried._

_"Oh please, like you didn't know" I said as I took the pile of book that sat on the coffee table and dropped the heavy load on my knees.  The bottom half of my legs bent forward from the pressure, pointing up.  The blanket shot off my legs, exposing my shiny latex skin.  "They're hollow, Andrew!  What was in those painkillers?" I asked him frantically._

_"I'm...I'm so sorry Olivia.  I never should have left the case here" Andrew apologized._

_"So it IS the painkillers?" I said, amazed._

_"Well, I did tell you how they worked with your bones... so probably taking too much could cause this" he explained._

_"Could cause the lower half of my body to turn into a blow up doll?  I had to crawl to the couch this morning because my legs aren't strong enough to support the rest of my body" I complained._

_"I'm sorry to hear that, I..." he told me, his body told me otherwise._

_"Is that a hard-on?" I interrupted him.  The simple thought of it drove me nuts._

_"Well... huh..." he stammered, shying away from eye contact.  My eyes were in contact with something else anyways._

_"Sorry I left you at the club the other night..." I said, still entranced by his erection.  "You said back then that I looked like someone you liked from work..."_

_"Huh... yeah... I've always kind of fancied you.  But like I told you, I'm not too good at figuring out when someone is single" he told me, still too shy to look at me._

_"Why is that?" I asked him curiously.  I couldn't believe we'd both been having desire for each other._

_"Women from my town are... mmmh... promiscuous.  So I'm still not used to normal girls"_

_"Normal girls?" I cocked my head to the side._

_"It's a long story..." he sighed._

_"Well, I'll have a long story of my own, why don't you sit at my feet" I tapped on the couch where my legs had lifted up.  Andrew came over from his seat to my couch.  After he sat down, I removed the books from my legs, sending the air back into my knees and my feet flying back down on his lap.  My right foot landed softly on his crotch, sending waves of pleasure up my spine as I brushed the denim of his jeans with my plastic skin.  I closed my eyes and rubbed my foot on his erection, moaning.  I heard him clear his throat, I opened my eyes and gasped as I came back to reality.  "Tell me I didn't just do what I just did"_

_"You're... heh... still doing it" he said as a matter of fact.  Before I could stop rubbing him by myself, I lost control of my legs.  Unable to move them on my own, I saw my knees start to rise up under my blanket._

_"Andrew, I'm not doing this... what's happening to me, I can't control my legs" I panicked as I saw my knees continually rising until my legs were at 45 degrees from my waist.  After my knees seemed to reach their desired position, my thighs started spreading open by themselves, pulling on the blanket.  Before I could hold it over what it still covered of my body, it fell to the ground revealing my complete lower half.  I lay there semi-nude, still wearing my pyjama top.  Seams covered my legs up to the pink rubber folds of my pussy and anus who had shifted a little higher on my body for better access.  An inch of what one could easily make out to be a pink jelly dildo was coming out of both my openings.  "I... I can explain the... the toys, but... I need you to tell me what's happening to me" I swore to him, almost crying from the pleasure and the panic combined._

_"I might be able to answer a few questions, I guess" Andrew told me.  I just wanted to put my mind at ease._

_"Is... is it harmful?" I asked him._

_"Depends what you mean by that.  You're not hurt are you?" he replied._

_"Well, I mean... is my health at risk or something?"_

_"No, you're perfectly safe" he revealed to my relief. "But..."_

_"But what?"_

_"Your legs... they're gone..."_

_"Yeah, you already explained that part" I replied._

_"No... this time I..." he paused, seemingly feeling guilty about the whole thing. "... I fear your legs are gone for good, the temporary effect could have turned permanent.  So your legs and everything below the waist might be stuck like this forever" he finished._

_"How is this even possible to begin with?  What kind of people or better yet, what kind of chemical reaction turns a person's legs into inflatable plastic ones" and I thought these last two weeks had been weird._

_"If you don't mind, I might need some help with this" he said as he reached for a parcel he had brought with him.  He opened it up and took what looked like one of Xetal's cardboard boxes for our dolls, except it was made of rubber.  Tina, it said on the rubber box, was not a doll I was familiar with.  Andrew took it out and unfolded it in front of me.  "I know this looks weird, but please just give me a minute.  We should be able to answer your questions in a moment" he said as he blushed and took the inflation valve up to his mouth, blowing into the doll as it started taking shape._

_"We?" I raised an eyebrow.  Andrew just gave me the 'give me a minute' sign with his finger as a reply.  He kept blowing into the doll until it was completely inflated and he plugged its valve shut.  He finally set it on the coffee table and turned back to me._

_"I asked my friend Jeremy from my hometown to ship his wife to me in case this happened and you needed some things explained.  I felt having her around would make sure you'd get all the answers you'd need" he told me._

_"His wife?" I looked at the doll, then at my legs.  "Shipped?"_

_"Hi I'm Tina, Jeremy's wife" she said, reaching her hand out to me.  Tina, who you now know for how long she can go without men, came alive in front of us, fresh as a rose. I just screamed sharply in surprise, nearly fainting.  "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you" the doll told me, her mouth returning to a wide open O shape after her apology._

_"Wha... how?" I just mumbled._

_"Mmmmhh... where should I start?  You still want to ask me questions instead?" she asked me._

_"What are you?" I started, myself not sure where exactly I should begin._

_"I'm a lovedoll, Jeremy shipped me from home in..." she said before looking at Andrew who just nodded at her, "...Latex Hills, home of Xetal Products HQ"._

_"Latex Hills?  Is that a city or something?" I had never heard the name before._

_"It is, though you would never see a 'Welcome to Latex Hills' sign on the road.  In fact, most road sign for our city read 'Private Land - Use of lethal force authorized'...which isn't true but it's an effective deterent .  But there also is a 'Welcome to Latex Hills' sign past the security gates" she finished in a chipper tone._

_"What kind of place is that?" I thought aloud._

_"It's a private city owned by Xetal.  We need all the security to keep it private... in part because every adult woman looks like I do, and because of what daily life in our city looks like" she revealed.  I sat there, silent, just taking all that information in.  Tina looked at the position my legs were in, the toys, then back at me.  "You need a man..." she said bluntly._

_"I...huh...what?  How would you know?" I asked her, confused though not denying._

_Tina then explained to me what the transformation does to their bodies, and how they turn immobile after a while if men don't use them.  A lot of what she told me explained a lot of what Andrew had let on about his hometown when we spoke back at the club the other night.  A lot of it explained how single women would indeed be hard to spot.  I looked at my legs and thought about how the situation had changed since I met Andrew in that club.  I apologized to Andrew about leaving him the other night and considering the whole story they had told me, I decided I'd tell them about my condition.  I didn't know what to make of their reaction, or lack thereof.  It just didn't seem to faze them at all.  Somehow I didn't feel like I was anything special anymore, I just sighed.  "Immobile or not, I've been in need of a guy for the past 2 weeks or something.  I have trouble keeping time since I've been locked in here"_

_"Nothing to be ashamed of... not with us at least" she said, Andrew just nodded in agreement.  I looked back at Tina._

_"Can I speak to Andrew alone for a second?  You could get us some drinks maybe?  Are...are dolls arms strong enough?" I asked her, knowing my own legs weren't all that strong._

_"Actually we're pretty weak, I'm sure you knew that... but we're still strong enough for anything you might consider everyday household items, anything that you wouldn't consider a heavy load.  So what will you be having?" she asked, standing up._

_"Sodas?" I looked at Andrew for approval.  I told Tina where to find everything and she left us.  "You know I left that night because I was confused.  I needed a man that night, and I didn't mean it to be you... I mean, I didn't want you to recognize me.  I didn't want you to know I wasn't normal... but I need you to know I really like you too" I quickly defended myself._

_"It's alright, I can understand your reasons... but you kind of fell on the right person" he smiled.  "I mean, I'm happily surprised too.  I had a crush on you at work and I could never have guessed you were a rubber fetishist"_

_"Yeah... I could never have have guessed you came from a town called Latex Hills and whose name is the least shocking thing about it" I chuckled before getting a more serious look, sighing._

_"What's wrong?" he asked me with a concerned tone._

_"I'm not going back to work, am I?" I questioned him, staring at my legs, still trying to wrap my head around what was happening to me._

_"I'm sorry it turned out this way" he said sincerely.  "No, you can't go back to work..."_

_"So, what's going to happen with me?" I asked back._

_Before Andrew could reply, Tina came back into the living room with our glasses.  He just looked at me, raising an eyebrow.  I quickly took my drink from Tina's hands and started sipping from it.  I stared at Tina for a moment._

_"Can I...can I touch your head...for just a second" I asked her shyly.  She kneeled in front of me so I wouldn't have to reach for it.  Entranced, I ran my hands through the shiny, smooth rubber strands of her hair.  "This is so unreal..." I said right before I squeezed her skull lightly with my hands.  She gasped in response as her skull squished between my fingers slightly, rolling her eyes uncontrollably._

_"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you, I was just curious" I told her, suddenly drawing my hands away from her._

_"Hurt me?" she chuckled.  "You could bend me backwards and I'd still ask for more" she continued, reaching for my left leg and bending it back on itself, then she stroked them a few times.  I arched my back and punched on the cushions repeatedly in pleasure.   I thrashed about on the couch violently, yet my legs remained spread wide open.  She released my leg after proving her point, sending it flapping back into position.  I gasped and moaned on the couch as I caaught my breath.  I grabbed my drink and took a sip._

_"She's beautiful, Andrew, I like how she looks" I told him, still looking her in the eyes.  She looked like such a happy person._

_"You like how she looks?  It doesn't freak you out?" he asked me._

_"You remember how I looked the other night?  I looked a bit like that, except it's her skin and not a suit... I want to look like that too.  That's what a girl like me deserves to look like" I pleaded to him as small tears came to my eyes._

_"Don't be so hard on yourself, you make it sound like you need to be punished for what you are.  You didn't choose to be nymphomaniac, it's ok.  You want to look like her, but do you really want to be like her?  She doesn't just LOOK like a doll, Olivia, she IS one.  Have you thought about being deflated?  Look at her mouth, is that what you really want?" he insisted.  I couldn't believe my ears, is he teasing me?  I lunged forward at him, my legs flapping to the side, still spread and filled with plastic cocks.  I grabbed him by the collar and told him amidst tears, pouring my soul out._

_"You're not getting me right, Andrew.  It's not a punishment, it's a reward!  Because of where you come from, you have no idea of how bad it is to be a slut in the 'real' world!" I accused him.  "All the wives I've hurt, all the lovers I've hurt..." I continued.  I cried too much to be able to continue, I released him and cried on his chest.  "You can't leave me like this, right?" I said looking at him in the eyes but pointing at my legs.  "I mean... you have to turn me into a doll, right?  You have to take me there or something?  Keep all this a secret, right?" I begged him.  He sighed and looked at my legs._

_"After what's happened, I'd have to turn you into a doll, that I like it or not.  Fortunately, I do like it.  I like...you" he smiled at me, looking downwards at the toys coming out of my front and rear end._

_"Why didn't you say so?  Why let me go on like this?" I said a bit angrily._

_"I had to make sure..." he paused.  "I didn't want to feel guilty about it if you didn't like the end result.  Some guys have been known to choose the wrong girl for this... some who had no interest in becoming dolls" he explained.  I just wiped the tears from my eyes._

_"Oh..." I said, suddenly docile.  "...so you WILL make me a doll?"_

_He just smiled silently and pointed at my drink.  I flipped back to my spot on the couch, to where the small table with my drink on it was sitting.  As I quickly turned over to my side, my spread legs went flapping in Andrew's face.  I took my glass with both hands, holding it as safely as I would a newborn baby.  I brought the glass up to my lips and started chugging down on my very own holy grail._

_"Careful with tha..." Andrew tried to say before I had completely finished my glass._

_"Mmmmmhhh!" I moaned, as I followed the last traces of liquid flowing down my throat and into my belly running my hands over my shirt as I went down.  The carbonated drink that I chugged too fast made me burp, quickly followed by a hiccup.  I felt my legs tighten up and some pressure built up in the normal part of me too.  I hiccuped another time and definately felt the pressure as I took in air with the uncontrollable hiccup._

_"Andrew, what's...hic!... happening to me, I feel tight all over.  Like I'm inf..." I paused and moaned as I poked my tummy and breasts, the latter rode higher on my chest than they ever had before.  My chest hadn't grown but they looked so much rounder than before that it looked like I just had a boob job.  And that's only from the shape my shirt had started to take, I hadn't even seen them in the flesh.  "...like I'm overinfl...hic!" I hiccuped again and heard a faint hissing sound as I saw my chest noticeably grow this time around._

_"Oh... I knew you swallowed it too fast..." he said nervously._

_"What's that supposed to...hic!...mmmmhh!" I moaned, feeling the inflated breasts on my chest grow even tighter in my shirt._

_"You're inflating... you took the whole thing so the transformation will be complete but you did it so fast that the reaction started in your stomach first.  You're probably just filled with air right now but you still look normal from the waist up.  The reaction will take a bit more time to get to the exterior of your body.  Your little hiccuping there probably isn't helping with the air intake..." Andrew told me._

_"What does that mean?  Hic! Ungh..." I winced as the shirt got too tight over my breasts, smashing them impossibly.  I hiccuped another time, and decided to take my shirt off without asking my guests, my fleshy breasts suddenly released from their cage exploded to the size of twin cantaloups.  We were, after all, way past the point of formalities such as that._

_"You... uuuhh...you..." he made real efforts to pull his eyes away from my chest to recollect his thoughts and finally went on.  "When girls like you transform like this, they have to be careful with their breathing, otherwise the skin may get stretched permanently before turning to latex.  This is all happening because you are still breathing.  How can I put this..." he wondered for a second.  "While you may feel overinflated right now... once you turn to a doll, it'll be your simply inflated shape.  By that I mean that your breasts will never be smaller... you'll always have to be inflated this much at least or your breasts won't look completely inflated.  I should've stopped you, sorry" he revealed, ashamed of himself._

_"Oh my...hic!... god!" I cried out loud as my breasts kept inflating.  I watched Andrew as he paid no attention to me, his stare affixed to the ever growing balloon-like breasts I was sporting.  "...Is that it?"_

_"Huh... what?" he said, slowly giving me his attention again._

_"Is that it?  Breathing stretches my tits to an irreparably huge size?" I inquired._

_"Well yeah... but girls are self-conscious about having breasts that are too large, no?" he asked in return._

_"That's SOME girls... and mainly it's because of the weight they'd have.  Soooo... I'm not one of those girls and I'd bet you'd like these weightless beauties way bigger" I winked as I took a deep breath.  We were both looking at my chest, hearing it hiss with air as my breasts inflated to the size and shape of a volleyball each, suddenly stopping short of the breath I had taken in.  Or so I thought.  I tried breathing in again but couldn't.  Realizing I couldn't breath, I started to panic and tried to scream but found out I had also lost control of my mouth.  I couldn't breath and inflate any more, it suddenly dawned on me that the rest of my body would immobilize like my legs and mouth had if I gave it too much time.  I needed cum, badly._

_I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror, I looked like a stripper with plastic legs.  My breasts were so large, it felt right to look that way, something I could never have done to myself in my former life considered how I didn't want anyone to know about my condition and judge me.  I cupped and squeezed my hollow, tightly inflated tits together.  I moaned hard though couldn't hear myself make any sound.  I finally focused on my face, seeing the smooth, shiny pink rubber tunnel my mouth had become stick out of my otherwise normal looking face.  I couldn't decide if it was the fact that I would get immobile soon enough or my nymphomaniac nature, but I wanted to fill my face with cock at that moment.  I started fondling his manhood through his pants and he moved away from me a bit.  "What gives?" I thought, feeling rejected by Andrew._

_"What are you doing? You don't want to miss the transformation, do you?" he teased me.  I saw my nose and cheeks start to turn shiny as the rubber spread down my neck at the same time.  My skin slowly turned light and uniform in color, seams slowly appearing around my huge breasts._

_"I want cock, Andrew, please!" I pleaded silently as I massaged his member with one hand, pointing at my mouth with the other._

_"Oh, I'm afraid we can't do that.  There's no time" he said, lifting me from over him and getting up from the couch.  He put me back on the couch where I continued my transformation.  My seamed breasts finally turned to rubber, topped with pink rubber nipples.  My hands went to my chest, sending me over the edge as I came.  The expression of lust in my eyes froze as the top part of my face turned to rubber.  As I caught my almost completely dollified reflection in the mirror, I realized there wasn't much time for me and made a last desperate move for my goal.  With both arms, the only limbs I could still control, I took the dildos out of my front and rear holes, each two feet in length, making my arms go limp for a few seconds from the crippling orgasm it caused. I then pointed at my newly freed holes frantically.  Seeing no reaction from Andrew, staring in disbelief at the length of my twin toys, I tried to latch onto his belt buckle and pulled my lightweight form up to him.  I fiddled around with his belt, determined to get rid of it.  Part of me was insulted by the rock hard erection I was obviously giving him, yet he refused to let me have it._

_"I never thought you could be like this Olivia... believe me, resisting you is the hardest thing right now but it's best that we leave this place as soon as possible" he said, smiling, almost humbled by how much I wanted him right now.  My flailing at his belt soon subsided as I slowly lost control of my weak inflated arms as the rubber crept down from my shoulders.  I finally lost grip on Andrew and fell back to the couch as my hands finally completed my whole body's transformation into a seamed latex version of myself.  Another orgasm came over me, seemingly coming from the middle of my back.  Andrew, still oblivious to all the pleasure hazing my vision, grabbed me up by the tits while I was still cumming, prolonging and increasing the orgasm unwillingly.  He turned me over and still held me by the chest, sitting me on the erect cock making a tent in his pants.  With my back to him, he came up to my ear and whispered, "Don't worry, we can inflate you much bigger if you want.  Let's go home now..."_

_Completely forgotten amidst all the orgasms I had been through, Andrew popped the inflation valve in the middle of my back.  The long, loud hiss coming from my back as he pressed the air out of me by squeezing my breasts sang the strength of my last orgasm, as strong the wind that rushed, whistling on it's way out of my deflating body.  "Thank you, Andrew!" I said in my head, tired._

_My attention was drawn to the door as it opened and someone knocked at the same time.  "Olivia, are you there?" I heard Monica ask out loud as she let herself in.  I could only hear as I was looking behind me, bent over from the waist up.  "Oh, hi Andrew!  You came to visit Olivia?"  was the last thing I heard her say before I fainted from all the emotions I had gone through.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_"So that's what I remember of my transformation..." Olivia finished._

_"And what about Monica?" Tanya asked curiously._

_"Well, her place wasn't in Latex Hills so I never saw her again, of course" she responded, sighing slightly._

_"Oh, that's sad" Tanya frowned.  Before she could say more her cell phone rang.  She answered it, Olivia took advantage of the moment to put the dildo back in her mouth._

_"Yes, honey... hu-huh!... yes I'm still at Melody's, it's just Vanessa you're hearing..." she continued, "...yeah, your friend Jeremy is fucking her and Penelope because she can't go to work like this...okay, see you soon" Tanya hung up her phone and stood up, putting her dildo back on the silver tray._

_"Leaving us?" Melody asked her, standing up to walk her to the door._

_"Yes, that was Lawrence, I have to go" she answered, waving to everyone.  Olivia and Melody waved back, then she looked over to the twins and Jeremy.  Jeremy moaned and came inside Penelope's ass, making her come alive in front of everyone._

_"Bye Tanya!" Penelope said groggily from the orgasm she was having and waved at Tanya, making both Jeremy and Vanessa respond with the same._

_Tanya then walked to her car and sat behind the wheels.  On her way back home, she saw lots of cars on the side of the road getting towed.  She didn't make anything of it and kept driving until a police car came up behind her and turned its sirens on.  She pulled over and brought her windows down.  Agents came up on both sides of the car._

_"Hi, mister offic..." she started._

_"License and registration please!" the agent on her side commanded her._

_"Huh... okay" she complied, a bit grumpily at the tone in which she was greeted.  She handed her papers over to the officer.  "May I know what I'm being pulled over for?"_

_"Tanya Page... Las Vegas, Nevada?  'That you?" he said, holding my picture ID next to my face.  she nodded.  "The picture..."_

_"Oh!  Sorry, I wasn't made out of rubber back then..." she chuckled._

_"New doll, huh?" the officer in her right window asked her, being a bit more friendly than his colleague.  She turned to that officer and answered him.  He looked everything like a rookie_

_"Yeah, I'm new here... can you tell me why I was pulled over?" Tanya asked him, hoping to get an answer out of this one._

_"Miss Page, have you and your husband made love in the last 24 hours?" the stern policeman on her left interupted._

_"Sir, I don't see what this has to do with..." she protested._

_"Have you been in contact with semen in the last day?" he continued without flinching._

_"This is outrageou..." Tanya said before being cut off.  Her hands released the wheel slowly and her legs spread out of their own as much as they could in the confines of the driver's position.  Tanya sat there, immobile and powerless for the first time.  "Just great!" she thought._

_"Ma'am. I'ma have to cite you with DUI..." he started writing in his ticket book._

_"What the hell is this all about, I didn't have anything to drink at all!" the silent doll yelled, looking straight in front of her._

_"That's Driving while Unsatisfied Intimately" the cadet explained to the new doll.  "It's a simple fine the first time, but you may want to look into that..." he continued, opening the glove box and taking a look inside.  "You don't smoke?"_

_He obviously knew she wasn't going to answer him, but he knew she could hear him.  Her attention was drifting towards the other agent who finished a radio call before she heard him open the door of her car.  He reached over to her seat belt and freed her from her seat, pulling the doll out of the car.  She saw the traffic roll by as he held her over his shoulder, reaching for her handbag in the car._

_"Close the windows and lock the doors, then come back in the car" he said, addressing the cadet.  As he walked back to the car, the doll bouncing to each of his confident steps, he reached under her latex top and pulled it up a bit.  He pinched her valve out and popped it open unceremoniously._

_Tanya came hard as she cursed the officer for being such a rude bastard.  The last she saw of the highway was her own tow truck arriving for her car before she slumped over the agent's shoulder.  He dropped her on the back seat of the car where the air kept hissing out of her.  The car shook a bit as the older officer and then the cadet took his place in his seat.  Tanya, tired of moaning and screaming in pleasure, just lay there panting uselessly but by reflex as she tried to block out part of the constant orgasm she was going through._

_"With all due respect Officer Smith, are you always this... cold?" the young recruit asked._

_"You mean with her?" he chuckled.  "I'm just being formal... doing my job you know?  You'll get to know women in this city well enough pretty soon.  If I wasn't that way with them?  Hell, I'd go home every night with a sore dick and nothing left for my own little doll waiting for me" Smith told his partner, who by the sound of it was also new to this town.  "Besides... hear that, Miller?" he said, both men pausing._

_"The hissing, you mean?" Miller guessed._

_"Yeah, my wife says the feeling is crazy, that being deflated and inflated are short moments but stronger than any other orgasms they get... so she's probably cumming on our back seat right now.  You think I was rude?" he asked sincerely, then giggled a bit after thinking about it.  "I've never had any complaints"_

_Tanya finished deflating as the car started moving.  She layed, crumpled up on the back seat, catching her breath after the incredible adventure of having been deflated for the first time.  "That's a man speaking from experience..." she thought, smiling to herself, satisfied and not a bit mad at Officer Smith.  After a little while, Smith broke the silence._

_"So Miller, what's your story?  I know new guys always have a fascinating story" he asked, a lot friendlier than he had been with Tanya._

_"I discovered about this place back when I used to be a park ranger..." he started
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_I had been sent out to the forest surrounding Latex Hills that night.  Of course, I knew nothing of it at that time so I just went about my usual duties.  I had set up camp for the night and had started a small campfire so I could have diner.  I was supposed to check up on some tagged animals we had in this zone, a three day workload in this line of work.  I didn't know this was my last night on the job._

_I was heating a can of beans when one of my alarms startled me, a simple wire with metal cans attached to it.  I took my flashlight and went towards the sound.  I could already tell I hadn't found an animal.  Unless I had just found a species that could swear._

_"Dammit! Come oooon!" I could hear a girl complaining to herself as the cans kept ringing, I figured her leg was stuck in the wire.  I ran a bit faster, lighting the way before me.  I flashed the light in the trees a few times so she could see me.  She started crying and seemed panicked, the cans rang furiously._

_"What the hell's going on?" I thought as I picked up the pace to finally come up to the girl, I flashed my light at her and froze in my track.  A girl was laying there naked, on all fours.  Her leg was tied in the wire and something was laying on the ground below her face.  I turned my light to it.  A dildo?_

_Well, she was naked after all.  No, not naked.  She was wearing a suit, like a latex suit, though I had never seen anything like it.  I moved my spot over her, she shined alright.  I was relatively new on the job and had heard of rangers spotting some naughty campers and all, but this was hot._

_Except the girl was going crazy.  She grabbed the dildo and swung it at me in warning._

_"Get away from me... I can't go back.  People have to know!" she barked at me, all the while swinging the dildo more comically than she obviously intended to._

_"Whoa! Settle down there, I ain't going to hurt you... what the heck happened here?" I asked her, only now I finally started looking at her in more detail.  The toy she had in her hands wasn't the only one she had with her is one of the first details I could notice.  In fact I could see similar dildos poking out of her ass and pussy._

_"You're... you're not one of them?" she asked me, slowly calming down.  She crossed her legs in front of her filled hole, with one arm she covered her seemingly perfect breasts and with the other hand, she covered her eyes from my light... or possibly her mouth._

_"One of who? Calm down, I'm a park ranger, I'm the one who set this trap up... let me help you" I tried to reassure her.  Her foot seemed to be stuck in the wire, but her ankle was twisted in an impossible way, she must've been going through the most horrible of pains.  I tried to delicately undo the knot around her ankle and it suddenly snapped open, sending her foot twisting a full turn back into place, I stepped back in surprise.  "Oh my god, what have I done?!?" I shouted internally.  She jumped out of her bonds and collapsed on the floor, moaning and writhing for a few seconds.  It seemed like an odd time to be faking an orgasm.  I looked at her, perplex.  "I'm... huh... sorry?" I tried._

_"OH! It's nothing!" she glared and frowned at me.  "Just another... frickin' orgasm" she fumed, shaking her fists.  I could finally see her breasts better as she gave up covering herself.  Perfect breasts just like I thought, as if the girl had an helium boobjob.  But considered the suit she was wearing, I figured the bright pink capped breasts that jutted out so round from her chest must've been inflated balloons.  She must've seen me staring as she crossed both arms over her buoyant busom.  Caught red-handed, I looked up in her eyes, seeing her mouth for the first time.  She frowned and looked a bit incommoded.  Her mouth made me stare again.  A shiny pink, gaping hole stood motionless when she wasn't speaking.  She quickly brought one of her hands back in front of her mouth.  "Stop looking at me... turn off your flashlight, please!" she begged me.  I turned it off._

_"I'm real sorry, it's just... your mask is very striking" I apologized.  I took off my ranger coat and approached her without looking.  "Here... cover yourself"_

_"It's not...a mask" she said, still sobbing as she covered her upper half with my coat.  The girl could now cover the toys protruding out of her, an odd behavior considered how her appearance didn't suggest modesty.  She dropped her hand from in front of her mouth.  "Can you help me up?" she asked me._

_I extended a hand, grabbing her soft, smooth hands.  She gripped my hand and I strengthened mine on hers to pull her up, then pulled her strongly putting my weight back to counter hers.  Not only did my slight handgrip crush her hand, but she got up with no effort as I launched backwards, not prepared by the lack of weight on her end.  In surprise I released my grip on her and hit a rock behind my foot, sending me on my ass, my back against a tree.  The girl was also flying towards me, falling forward herself, I braced myself.  She hit me with her full body, and it took me a full five seconds to realize it hadn't hurt and that she didn't seem to weight much...at all.  She moaned plaintively, almost as if she was tired of cumming.  I looked down and saw she had fallen on my knee, pushing the dildo that stuck out her front into her.  She hung on to my shirt like she would've on the sheets of a bed while she came.  I looked at her face in the moonlight, it reflected light like the rest of her body.  While she kept on moaning, her mouth got my attention again.  She didn't seem to have any teeth left, but she was just a young adult like me.  I couldn't quite place it at that moment but it wasn't just the teeth._

_"Are you... okay?" I asked, not knowing what the hell to do with this hysterical, horny nudist._

_"I'm fine! Stop asking..." she replied sharply, sounding insulted.  "...It's just another...mmmhhh..." she moaned, desperately trying to control herself.  She got up on her knees then stood up before me.  I did the same._

_"I'm sorry to ask but... what... I mean, who are you?  Why are you dressed up like this?" I tried to find out._

_"Oh... you know what I am... you just can't believe it yet" she whined._

_"What? No!" I assured her, thanking the darkness for hiding my erection.  "You wouldn't want to know what I'm thinking right now anyways..."_

_"You think I'm a doll... like a sex toy.  That's it, right?  Because that's what I am now.  Touch me, you'll see!" she dared me though she didn't give me any choice.  She raised her arms, sending my coat off her shoulders.  She grabbed my hands and pressed them on her breasts, making sure she guided my fingers into her flesh.  I squeezed her perfect tits of my own will then, marveling at their how soft and bouncy they felt.  I pressed firmly into her skin and her boobs just gave way to my fingers, forcing back with a slight pressure.  The girl's knees went weak and she collapsed in my arms, cumming again._

_"I... this isn't right... I must've knocked my head in the woods while I went to see my alarm... I'm probably just knocked out on the ground, dreaming all this" I rationalized.  The doll went over to the wire I had untangled her from, jerked on it a few times.  The cans banged together a few more times._

_"THIS is your alarm!  I'm the one who was caught in it, remember!" she yelled at me, a bit peeved by my sudden dismissal of her concerns._

_"Okay... Yeah, I got that! But you're still just a dream so whatever" I snapped back._

_"HEY!  Aren't you supposed to protect and serve and all that cra...whoooa!" she made her way back to me and tripped on a rock.  She flipped on her back as she flew, landing her ass on a rock near me, sending the dildo in her back entrance farther into her.  She arched her back over a tree log, screaming out in pleasure._

_"See... I...I can't believe this is happening, you falling left and right, cumming all the time, almost as if you do it on purpose.  I got a very fertile mind you know" I explained my thoughts to the orgasming doll._

_"Okay, so I'm a creation of your imagination?  A living sextoy that came out of the woods to make your boring night more exciting... now why would you be a jerk to your dream creature then?"_

_"Right... well, I don't know... maybe I can change the dream since I'm kinda conscious, I'll try to make it better" I closed my eyes and tried to make her forget the bad stuff and make her want me so this dream could have a happy ending before I woke up._

_"So... are we supposed to stay here until you wake up?  Don't you have a camp we can go back to?" she asked me mockingly._

_"Well, that's getting better..." I thought.  I motioned for her to follow me._

_"Can't you carry me? Please?" she begged me.  "I'm weightless, come on! Please?"_

_I complied and grabbed her after she put my coat back on, still amazed at how real she felt, no matter how fake she was.  I quickly made my way back to camp with her piggybacking me.  As we arrived, a real mess covered my truck and my stuff._

_"My dinner! Damn!" I yelled as I saw the can I had left in the fire, it's contents spread across the camp.  The doll came off my back and witnessed the scene for herself._

_"Geez... I'd hate to see your nightmares if we're living one of your fantasies..." she paused, then looked at me a bit more seriously, "...can't we just say I'm real already?  I'm not a dream.  We need to get in your car, you need to drive me to town in Chicago" she continued.  This was getting weird._

_"Whoa, whoa... Chicago? Chicago isn't 'going to town'... it's halfway across the country.  There's no way I can take you there" I tried to reason with her._

_"But... how is this even possible?  They shipped me that far away?" she wondered aloud._

_"How is THAT possible?" I chuckled.  "Before we go into how mysteriously far away from Chicago I'm doing my rounds, can you please tell me what the heck is goi... did you say 'shipped'?"_

_"Yeah..." she looked away, as if ashamed.  She sat down on a clean log on the other side of the campfire.  "...they deflated me, and then they shipped me... but I didn't know it was this far" she continued.  I sat down next to her._

_"Okay...deflated... we're going way too fast here" I shook my head, trying to make sense of every weird answer I got.  "Alright, let's get back to the beginning.  I'm Benjamin Miller, I'm a park ranger"_

_"I'm Monica"_

_"Who's 'they', Monica?" I looked at her neck and then past the coat and down at her legs.  Seams were running around her neck and down her thighs._

_"That's Andrew and his friend Tina, she's another... doll, like me.  They made me into this... into what I am" she said, breaking eye contact again._

_"When I met you, you said I wasn't one of them.  There are more people involved in this?" I felt like I was just scratching the surface.  She opened up the coat and looked at herself, I couldn't help but look at the same time.  She had this look of amazement as she stared at her shiny body, apparently still trying to understand the situation herself._

_"There's a whole city of people like me, Benjamin..." she turned over to me, removed the jacket completely and displayed herself to me for emphasis.  "... when I escaped the house tonight, it was the first time I saw what that place looked like... Latex Hills.  As I made my escape, I was able to spy on a few people... everything looked like a normal place, except all the girls I've seen were dolls like me.  They looked like they were hypnotized or something because they didn't even seem to mind the way they looked" she told me._

_"The way they looked?"_

_"Well, you know?  Every girl looked freakish like me and they all dressed super sexy.  Like there was this guy who was coming back from the dairy bar with a milkshake in one hand, and in the other hand... I dunno... I guess it was his 'girlfriend' or something.  Well she had super big tits, and she wore this tight latex dress, and the other people they crossed in the streets didn't even give them looks.  Some even looked sluttier than that.  No one seemed to mind.  I didn't see much more, I left real quick" I had to make a constant effort to keep my hard-on out of sight.  Everything she had done or said so far had kept me in constant erection, yet she was highly traumatized by everything she was telling me._

_"Latex Hills? That's part of... like a big conspiracy or something?  That's why you wanted to head back home?  To warn people?" I asked her._

_"That's it!  The police needs to see what happened to me.  They have to arrest these people that turn girls into inflatable plastic toys!"  My cock twitched as she said that._

_"Do they know you're gone?  Because if they aren't looking for you, I could grab the GPS in my truck and you could show me where the city is so we can denounce it to the right people" I proposed a plan to get what she wanted, then I smiled to her.  "I could carry you if you want to guide me."_

_"I don't think they are looking for me but this is very risky..." she started protesting, obviously nervous._

_"We're already real deep in the forest right now, there's no way we'll be able to find our way back here to show everyone if we don't get coordinates, just guide me to the city limits so I can record them" I tried to convince her, already pulling the GPS system out of the truck.  I clipped it to my  belt and locked the doors._

_She protested but slowly came over to me.  She climbed on my back, slipping her soft legs into my arms.  Over my shoulder, she pointed the way.  I could feel her bouncy breasts pressing into my back._

_I broke the silence as we went towards our destination.  "So, I'm afraid to ask but...those people..." I paused, not slowing my pace. "...how do they... I mean, how did you turn out... I mean, you know?" I stuttered._

_"How did I become an inflatable doll?" she proposed._

_"Yeah... how does something like that happen?" I asked._

_"It was so sudden, I was just visiting my friend.  She had hurt her leg and hadn't come to work for week, so when I went to see her..."
\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_"Olivia, are you there?" I announced myself but instead of seeing Olivia, Andrew was standing right there in her living room, with what looked like dolls like we made at work.  I worked in a sex toy factory with my friend Olivia, we made love dolls among other things.  "Oh, hi Andrew!  You came to visit Olivia?" I asked since it was a bit weird seeing him here, I knew my friend had feelings for him, but I don't think he knew yet._

_"Yeah, I came over to see how the legs were doing" he said, pressing the air out of the doll he squeezed, bent over in his hands.  I looked at the one on the table._

_"Don't think I've seen those before.  Are those new dolls?" I pointed at them._

_"Oh, right... well, this one isn't new" he told me, pointing at the one on the table.   "But this one..." he unfolded the doll he held and displayed her in front of me, holding her by the head.  The lovedoll was half deflated by now and you could still tell it had huge breasts.  "...this one is a really... really new doll.  It's kind of a prototype.  It was made earlier... hum... today" he continued, then I looked at the doll's face._

_"Hey!" I laughed, "this thing almost looks like Olivia..."_

_"Haha, a bit...huh... that's why I brought it over.  I wanted to show it to her" he chuckled a bit embarassingly._

_"Soooo... where is she?" I wondered._

_"Who?" he asked me, his thoughts obviously on something else._

_"Well duh... Olivia!  Except the not huge breasted, non plastic one" I laughed._

_"Oh, she's huh... upstairs!  She wasn't feeling well and went to bed, asked me to lock the door on my way out, which I was preparing to do" he explained, his grip and squeeze renewed on the ever deflating sex toy in his hands._

_"Alright then... I guess I could talk to her after her nap.  I'll watch TV in the living room while I wait for her.  Don't worry she won't mind me being here" I told him as I sat on the couch and turned the TV on.  Andrew finished deflating the doll and put her down on a nearby recliner._

_"We never talk, mind if I join you?  Want something to drink?" he offered me.  I just nodded, my attention on the screen.  Andrew went to the kitchen and came back with two sodas.  "She told me to make myself at home..." he chuckled "... I didn't think I'd be getting 'guests'"_

_I laughed with him and started sipping on my drink.  "Just look at this girl! Unbelievable!" I said, pointing at the TV.  I often caught my friend Olivia watching her porn channel.  She's a nymphomaniac, she told me.  So seeing the TV on at that channel didn't surprise me much.  "Her tits are so huge... how can she do that to herself?" I asked rhetorically._

_"I hear a lot of girls actually do want breasts that large, not just to please men but for themselves" Andrew told me._

_"But I still don't get it.  It's not good for the back, breasts that large must be so heavy.  I could never lug those around" I answered, sipping up a bit more of my beverage._

_"What if they didn't weight a thing?" he retorted.  "If they were weightless, wouldn't you want big breasts?"_

_"I guess I'd... I don't know, to be honest.  Sorry I brought it up" I took a bit more of my soda.  I realised I wouldn't be having this discussion if Olivia had a regular variety of TV channels.  "It's just... I shouldn't bring it up..." I hesitated, but then I kind of wanted to help my friend a bit by making them finally face each other.  "... Olivia is, how should I put it... a bit promiscuous.  I didn't mean to tell you that way, but I still think she'd like you to know that, if only because she doesn't want to hurt you.  Olivia really likes you and thinks she might end up uncontrollably cheating on you.  Maybe you could talk to her..." nervous from talking about things I shouldn't have been talking about without Olivia's consent, I started to feel lightheaded._

_"Me and Olivia talked, she told me of her... condition.  In case you were wondering" he told me._

_"Sorry, I should just mind my own business" I just blushed, breaking eye contact._

_"It's ok..." he paused to reason a bit, "you probably want what's best for her.  I know she likes you very much" I wasn't paying much attention_

_"She probably would've agreed to what you said earlier..." I stared blankly ahead at the girl on TV, then turned to him.  "...about the boobs.  If she could get weightless breasts and have them as big as she wanted, I think Olivia would be huge" I said, grabbing the folded doll from the other couch.  I unfolded it in front of me and looked at it for a moment.  After spacing out for a moment, I gave my attention back to Andrew.  "I'm sorry, do you mind?" I asked as I held the limp doll by her open air valve.  He just shrugged._

_I threw the TV remote on his end of the couch and put the valve up to my mouth and starting blowing into the doll, it's shiny wrinkled skin started to smooth up as air filled it's body.  I kept at it for a moment until she was half full, putting my thumb on her valve to take a breather.  Andrew still hadn't changed channels and didn't seem to plan to.  I soothed my dry throat with the last drops of soda I had left and set the can on the table next to the couch.  I brought the doll up to my mouth and started inflating her again.  Each breath I took felt more and more laborious as the lightheadedness got stronger.  The doll was almost full, her head still limp, draped over the large balloony breasts that jutted out from her.  I breathed as hard as I could into the doll, yet I couldn't make her inflate anymore, as if I was literally out of breath.  I just gave up and gave the doll to Andrew who had been watching TV, I think I surprised him with the doll because he jumped a bit when he looked at me and the doll, then took it and finished inflating the doll.  He gave it back to me so I could look at it.  She felt good to the touch, very smooth I thought.  Her resemblance with Olivia was uncanny.  Aside from the huge breasts and the gaping holes in her face and genital areas, I was holding a plastic Olivia in my hands._

_"I'm sure Olivia liked this doll.  I think she wouldn't mind breasts like these, maybe bigger even" I said, playing with the breasts as I inspected them._

_"Indeed, I'm pretty sure she wanted them bigger" his confirmation had me puzzled._

_"Huh?  Did she have a hand in the design of this doll?" I asked him._

_"Not as much as she wanted to... I guess I should say something, Monica.  I'm so sorry..." he said to me, genuinely concerned._

_"What's wrong? Why are you saying that?" I was really confused now, this feeling of lightness was nagging at me too._

_"Well, Olivia... she... she kind of got into this in an odd way, but it turned out well, she really liked it I think.  You know... because of what she is" he paused, seemingly bothered by something. "But you... you didn't deserve this.  I mean... I do hope you like it, but you didn't deserve to have it like this.  Sorry I had to do this..." he finished, breaking eye contact in shame._

_"What does this all mean?  You're scaring me Andrew!" I scratched my head trying to understand what he was talking about.  As I massaged my neck, I found little resistance as I drove my fingers into my neck.  I heard a rubbery squeaking sound coming from my tightening blouse.  I looked down at my chest and saw my blouse barely holding my breasts.  I undid a button and looked down my cleavage.  What looked like seams ran down the sizable cleavage created by my slightly inflated breasts.  The skin that peeked out of my bra, if I could call it that, had gone all shiny._

_"What the hell is going on, Andrew!" I panicked, looking at myself in the mirror that layed in one corner of the living room, near the closet.  Clothes seemed to be covering most of the affected places since most of my visible skin seemed normal, except for the gaping hole in my plastic looking face.  "What's happening to me?  Why is there a... where are my teeth?" I started to cry but only two or three tears fell down my cheeks as the rest of my face turned to rubber in front of my own eyes.  I turned to Andrew, sobbing.  "Answer me!" I cried out._

_"I'm so sorry Monica, you shouldn't have been here.  I couldn't let you go after seeing Olivia like this" he explained, still genuinely sorry._

_"You did this?  How?  I mean... this is an hallucination, right?" I looked at the doll next to me and finally realized what I'd had in front of me the whole time.  "Oh my god!  This IS Olivia, you... you killed her!" I accused him, disgusted.  I backed away on the couch, getting off over the armrest and trying to head for the door.  The nameless doll that was on all fours on the coffee table sprung to life and pounced on me with cat-like agility.  The doll landed on me, sending me falling to the floor with her.  As she lay on top of me, straddling me, I wrestled underneath her but couldn't overcome her weight._

_But if she was weightless and I couldn't get her off me, that could only mean one thing.  "Oh no!" I yelped._

_"Listen for a second... she's not dead, and you won't die either... but there's no changing you now though" she poked me.  "You're filled with air already, and your skin's almost completely turned.  You're just like me and Olivia now, it's not all bad, you'll see..."_

_The sight of the talking doll freaked me out, I kept wrestling against her, trying to get her off me but only hollow rubbery squeaking sounds came from our struggle._

_"Let me go!" I cried out, finally managing to push her off me as she coiled back from my sudden outburst.  I crawled away from them on the floor and then stood up.  I saw myself in the mirror as I walked towards the door.  A blow up doll was wearing my clothes, I thought.  Andrew got my attention as he shuffled stuff around on the coffee table to pick up a huge two feet long dildo.  I didn't even want to know what he planned to do with that so I decided to hurry towards the door but I was suddenly paralyzed by a powerful orgasm.  My limbs went limp as I crumpled to the floor in ecstacy, trying to reach with my hands the spot in my back where the orgasm came.  Giving up on that I kneeled and held myself on my hands, looking at myself in the mirror.  I could see down the neck of my blouse into my shiny cleavage.  My top was pulled so tightly that I could easily see my new inflation valve poking from underneath the thin fabric.  "Oh my god, NO!"_

_I got on my feet, reluctantly, almost resigned to the situation.  If only I could get to the door.  I didn't look back, got to the door and fumbled with the knob for a few seconds.  I unfortunately didn't have a single second to spare, that's if I had a chance to begin with.  Andrew wrapped his hand around my waist and turned me towards him, away from the door.  I screamed for no more than a second as the huge pink jelly monster plunged down my throat.  I rolled my eyes back and came one more time, going limp in my captor's hands.  Finally getting a little control over myself and my vision slowly came back.  What I saw then was that I still had another foot to swallow down, and it felt as good as the first one when he pushed it down in me.  I twisted energetically in his hands, grabbing at my chest as I felt the plastic toy push down past my breasts inside me.  My screams turned to honest moans as I fell in his arms again, panting yet not breathing any air.  Like a pacifier to a baby, I suckled on the dildo._

_The dildo sticking out of my mouth, I frowned at him and cocked my head to the side, mute but visibly asking 'Why?'._

_Why me?_

_Why do this to me?_

_Why turn me into a doll?_

_Why haven't I woken up in cold sweat yet?_

_Why does it feel so damn good?_

_Andrew just felt under my top and found my valve.  "I won't say 'I know how you feel right now' but I can only imagine that look means a ton of things.  Your questions will be answered in time but the reason you're a blow up latex toy right now is because I wasn't quick enough with Olivia" he pointed behind him at the nameless doll and I saw her pop open Olivia, deflating her in front of me for the second time.  I didn't have time to wonder how that felt as Andrew jerked my valve open too.  He held my head up to his eyes and stared me in the eyes.  "I'm not a bad guy I swear, Monica" I heard him say last, before being drowned out by the hissing of the air that rushed out of me, eventually leaving me flat in a pile of my clothes._

_"Tina, I'll ship Monica with you so you can explain this to Jeremy, alright?" I heard him name the doll finally.  "Just squeeze the poor girl down at the bottom of your bag, so we can put you in the clear window on the front.  This way no one will know there's two dolls in the bag."_

_Andrew picked up my flat body from the floor and gently threw me in Tina's arm.  When Tina got me, she started folding my whole body up on itself, blocked only by the dildo still deep in my deflated self.  Tina didn't bother taking it off, finally putting me up in a corner of her bag, all wrapped tightly around the dildo.  Somehow I'm sure Tina wanted me to experience this and did that on purpose._

_I heard Andrew and Tina pick up a few things before I heard her moan and hiss out the air filling her.  I came one final time before passing out as Andrew shuffled around in the bag, positioning Tina's face properly in her window, his hand constantly brushing on me, shifting me up and down on the toy that still impaled my face.
\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_\_ \_"Those were my first moments as a blown up girl... then I was shipped with Tina like I told you" she concluded._

_"Wow... that's quite a story.  So... you escaped from Tina's house?" I asked her._

_"Yeah... I mean, most of the time I was just stored in the closet but I could hear them talk, Tina and Jeremy... and sometimes I could hear them fuck" she paused, her breasts bouncing in my back as we made our way.  "I could hear them fuck and sometimes they'd take me out and inflate me, then Jeremy would fuck me until he came in me and I came alive... that's another thing I found out.  I forgot to mention that if dolls like myself don't get sex...cum I mean, we can go immobile... like frozen" she continued, waiting to see if I was still following her.  I motionned for her to keep going._

_"So he came in me... and that made me alive.  And because I was still freaked out, I would usually just fight to get away.  That invariably ended with them deflating me seconds after he came in me.  Do you understand just how panicked I was... having just been turned into a doll and seeing my existence reduced to inflate, fuck, deflate?" she asked rhetorically.  "Every single one of those things causes me to cum like crazy!"_

_"I guess that makes sense, the way this night's been going so far..." I mockingly said.  "So how'd you manage to escape then?"_

_"Earlier tonight, Jeremy was drunk when he came back in and he inflated me, then he plunged his cock inside my mouth and fell asleep like that.  He must've had a wet dream a few hours later because a bit of cum dropped in my mouth.  After becoming mobile again, I started slowly bobbing up and down his cock, trying to keep him awake but wanting a full payload... I'm sorry I shouldn't tell you all this.  I just... ahem... got his cum and took a few dildoes to escape" she finished abruptly, realizing she might've gone on a bit more than needed.  I wasn't complaining, as long as she didn't notice._

_She thought of herself as a freak, and normally I used to think lovedolls looked cheap and freaky too.  The more I spoke with her, felt her against me, the more I bonded with her.  The humanity of her soul made her hot, real hot.  I didn't feel right, but as I walked with her on my back and thought back about her face, I could picture myself fucking her face, which everyone but her had figured out she was meant to do._

_"By the way, if I go immobile and stop talking, you know what to do, right?  You don't hesitate to do it because I need it.  I don't want to be stuck helplessly for long" she authorized me to use her.  Man, if you knew how much I wanted her to stop talking and moving right then.  "What date is this, by the way?"_

_"Today's June 16th 2007" I told her._

_"OH MY GO..." she said but couldn't finish._

_"What date was it when you became a doll?" I asked her but didn't get any response.  "Monica?"_

_Realizing the doll wasn't answering me, I took her off my back and put her down on the ground to examine her with my lamp.  "Is this it?  Is that what you meant?  I think you said you can hear me and all, right?" I told her, unsure I was heard._

_I kept gazing at her gleaming body, observing the seams running along her body._

_"You know... you keep saying you're a freak.  I don't think you are.  I mean... I don't think you could really live in a normal place like this... but I personally really like how you look.  I want to assure you that's a compliment, Monica.  I don't usually find dolls like yourself really pretty but I really like you" I kept on going._

_"Have you thought of what came next?  Do you think you'll be turned back into flesh?  If not, wouldn't you want to be in a city that accepts people like you?" I laid down next to the doll who was next to me on all four, I looked at her face.  "I think you're really a victim of bizarre circumstances, but the way you told me the story... I don't think your 'captors' really had bad intentions.  I think maybe the reason you still feel this way about being an inflatable girl is you didn't get to know any better.  No?"_

_I watched the stars above, then back at Monica's shiny visage.  A look at her mouth and I decided I wanted to finally act.  I moved out of my shorts and boxers, displaying an already oozing cock, teased as I had been for the last hour.  I positioned myself behind her, took the dildo out of her pussy and thrust it into her open mouth, and then entered her soft plastic pussy.  I felt her insides massage my cock so smoothly.  I had barely started to fuck my travelmate and finally saw my destination in the distance.  From the height at which we were, we could see the lights of Latex Hills in the distance.  As I kept pumping into the doll, I looked in the distance and wondered if I could do what I had to._

_Earlier than I thought, Monica came alive.  Most likely from the cum that was already dripping off the tip of my manhood.  She started jerking and moaning as she came alive.  She startled me and I popped her valve open, doing as a bad reflex what I couldn't have done willingly._

_"What are you dooiiii..." she fell silent again as the doll deflated on my erect dick.  As soon as she was flat, I looked at her on the ground and apologized, and promised her a better future.  Then I folded her up and put her into my backpack._

_I had a great smile on my face as I walked towards Latex Hills to take residence in what sounded like heaven on Earth. 
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

EPILOGUE

"They just let you move in?" Officer Smith asked.

"Well, I was lucky with that one.  I just walked up to the front gate of Latex Hills.  They must've had an APB come out just a minute before because a series of Hummers were at the gate, ready to go out for a search.  I took Monica out of my bag before walking into sight" Officer Miller retold.  Then he paused, thinking.  "You know how much Monica meant?"

"What do you mean?" the older partner asked.

"I mean... knowing the city as I do now, it being our whole universe as far as we're concerned.  Knowing what's at stake" Miller explained.  Smith just thought silently for a while.  Then he burst out.

"HA! Buddy, you saved the world!  The whole city owes you one" he laughed out in response.  Slapping him on the shoulder in a friendly manner.

"When I was debriefed, I was given more details into Latex Hills and I was offered a house and a job as a way to thank me for my deeds" the young one said.

"They gave you a job? As a thank you gesture?  They should've treated you like a king" Smith said.

"Yeah, well... I was just happy being here to begin with, and being a cop here has only been good to me so far.  I did make one demand after all"

"Oh?  What is that?"

"I asked to keep Monica, and explained I would take care of her since the last people she lived with didn't have time for her at all.  I promised I'd get her to understand Latex Hills and what she was risking by going out" he smiled.

"Sneaky devil! Hahaha!" he chuckled as the car came to a stop.  Officer Smith took me out of the back seat while Officer Miller walked up to the door to see if anyone answered.

"I don't think anyone's home" Miller said.

"Not a problem.  See?  They have a mail slot" is the last comment Tanya heard as Smith forced her through the mail slot, falling to the floor inside her house.

Tanya laid there, silent on the floor.

"I've got so much to tell Olivia.  Monica is alive!  I must remember to tell her.  I absolutely must... must have cock right now.  I need air...cock...I need to remember... remember cum" Tanya thought as her mindset became gradually more one-sided.

THE END... or the beginning?
