---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Woman's Role
authors:
- Shyguy
tags:
- F+-f+
- latex
- petgirl
- maid
- costume
- F2doll
- gag
- clamps
- predicament
- climax
- mask
- chastity
- toys
- buttplug
- blindfold
- cons
- X
date: 2025-08-23 00:00:00
---

### **Ch.11**

#### **Nicole’s Dollified Day Off**

Mimi groaned as she shuffled around the Dollhouse floor, trying to keep her mumbled complaints to herself as she dutifully bent over and picked up all the yarn that Mittens had strewn about the place. It seemed like it would never end, and her legs and glutes were straining from constantly shuffling around, bending, and squatting in the black high heels with the bells that were still padlocked at her ankles onto her aching feet.

It was a chore, but she knew she should be grateful. She wasn't being tormented with constant vibrations anymore, and Barbie wasn't paying enough attention to her to remember to randomly shock her for the hell of it. It could be much worse.

She looked wistfully over at Nicole, glistening in her doll suit, her striking lips and eyes popping even more aesthetically with their bright rubbery coloring and her suit's hair pulled tight into a long flowing ponytail, kept out of her face and away from her sharp cheekbones. She wished someone would play with her, or show her affection, like Mittens was receiving from Nicole.

Mittens was lucky she was just a dumb little kitty, and she couldn't be asked to do work, Mimi grumbled as she finally balled up enough yarn to go back to the bin Barbie had set up by the sales counter and deposit the multicolored mass.

She pranced a little as she passed by her Mistress, making the bells on her collar, wrist cuffs, and heels jingle in the hopes that she would please Barbie, or at least avoid being shocked for not working cheerfully enough. If Barbie noticed, she didn't show it. She had her booted feet up on the sales counter and was gleefully tapping away at her phone.

Then, out of nowhere, Nicole let out a squeal, and Mimi saw Mittens pawing at her as she danced back and forth on her tiptoes, the little rubber kitten meowing insistently and pawing the floor at her feet. It seemed as though the kitty wanted her to play a game. Barbie would love the way the dumb pet was acting, but their Mistress wasn't even paying attention.

Nicole keyed a command into her tablet and Mittens let out a yowl, then sat calmly and obediently as the little doll pointed sternly to the floor. Mimi was impressed how easily Nicole could switch between her meek submissiveness to Barbie and Dominic and her commanding presence when acting as the slavegirls' captain.

It was even more impressive how naturally the woman moved, carrying herself with poise and expressing herself with body language and soft tones from her rubber-lined mouth, even while stuck in a high-tech gimp suit almost as advanced as Mimi's own. Mimi stumbled along in her heels, trembling awkwardly as she squatted down once more to grab and pull at the web of yarn on the floor. It was exhausting work, and she started to feel sorry for herself, grumbling little muffled complaints through the cumbersome rubber newmouth insert of her suit's hood.

She groaned and clenched her teeth in their squishy rubber mouthguards, pursing her latex-coated lips and grunting as she stood back up with the mass of tangled string and labored forward another few hobbling, wobbling steps in her heels.

For some reason, she had a little flashback to an old cartoon retelling of Cinderella, a pretty blonde like Mimi herself who labored all day while her favored sisters got to have fun. Mimi told herself that wasn't right, Barbie wasn't an evil stepmother, she was just working her hard to make her better. Nicole was graceful and dignified, even commanding in her suit because Barbie had put her through even worse.

Still, as she soldiered on with screaming calves and aching feet, Mimi wished that she, like Cinderella, could lose her shoes. Even if they hadn't been strapped on and padlocked at the ankle, Barbie would kill her if she tried to take off any part of her uniform.

She was startled, upon standing back up after grabbing another armful of yarn, by Nicole, who had crept up silently in her blindspot while she was bent over. Her latex face was placid and frozen as always, but there was an unmistakable little grin in the rubbery, metallic pink-painted lips of the doll's newmouth. Mittens kneeling on all fours beside her, curled up around her leg and nuzzling her thigh.

Mimi gasped and her jaw went slack, exposing the white rubber mouthguards and pink rubber tongue inside her hood's mouth insert as she gaped in awe. Nicole had dressed herself, in less than a minute, in an intricate body harness of white leather straps connected by gleaming metal o-rings and a padlock or two. The bright white leather criss-crossing and beautifully contrasting her warm brown rubber skin. She was wearing shoulder-length gloves and thigh-high stockings, all made of white latex and effectively locked on by the leather cuffs on her wrists and ankles. Cheekily, she'd tied a bow of wide white ribbon at the base of her shimmering black ponytail.

But it didn't stop there. The petite rubberdoll had grown almost half a foot in height, and was now eye-to-eye with Mimi.

She stood, lifted up the most incredible high-heel boots Mimi had ever seen: their stiletto heels must have been at least five inches long, and they were shaped to point her fees straight down to the floor so she'd walk on the stilettos and her toes, like a ballerina. These must have been what Barbie was referencing when she'd mentioned 'ballet boots'. Like everything else Nicole had somehow strapped herself into in the blink of an eye, it was locked on with a glittering chrome padlock.

And to top it all off, Barbie's protege had strapped a glossy white ballgag into her already-silenced, latex-lined mouth. The soft white rubber ball was squished slightly into an oblong football shape between her tightly-stretched, metallic pink lips. Nicole's mouth was naturally small, even though her lips were plump and sculpted in their fullness, and although the gag seemed redundant, it did serve to stretch her jaw and distort her mouth into a strained expression that oozed helpless damsel energy.

Mimi saw in that moment how far she had to come as a doll, and why Nicole was so well known that she'd even appeared in her dollsuit for music videos and celebrities' parties. She was a professional, and not only that, talented, athletic, tasteful, and fashionable. She was a plaything, sure, but she was also a proactive play partner, dolling herself up and cultivating a captivating allure that made her irresistible. She felt so banal, so plain-jane in comparison, with her arms full of yarn and her ankles wobbling in her heels.

Suddenly, Mimi froze in place as her suit constricted her body and hardened. She hadn't noticed Nicole keying in the command to harden her suit on the tablet still strapped to her forearm. It was bizarre to be controlled by someone as helpless and aesthetically submissive as Nicole was in her getup.

"Uuhhhh…" Mimi moaned helplessly, frozen with her mouth agape and her bundle of yarn still gathered in her motionless arms. She hoped Nicole and Mittens didn't do anything to make her drop it.

"Hmph hmph hmph…" with a muffled giggle, Nicole produced a ballgag that she'd tucked away somewhere in her harness' network of straps. It wasn't soft plastic and white leather like the one Nicole had locked on herself. Instead, she'd picked one with a ball that looked like solid chrome, with a little metal ring in the center of the ball to attach a tether of some kind to the ball. Its straps consisted of metal wire coiled into thick cords and were encased in transparent pvc tubing. It had a three-dial combination lock at its rear instead of a ballgag's usual belt buckle, and the whole thing looked like a particularly shiny bike lock.

Nicole walked behind Mimi on graceful little tiptoeing steps, the height of her ballet boots making it easy for her to reach up and slide the hard metal ball into the opening of her frozen rubber newmouth, the hard unyielding chrome pressing down onto her sheathed tongue and up against the soft rubber shielding her upper palate. The plastic-coated metal cord pulled back the corners of her mouth as the plastic-coated metal cord was pulled tight around her cheeks and fastened behind her head. She let out a little whine as she felt Nicole's fiddling fingers tickle her neck while she spun the lock's little wheels, setting a combination only she would know and then scrambling the numbers.

Mittens mewled and purred with her FreakPet hood's integrated voicebox modulator as she rubbed her body against Samantha's legs and nuzzled uncomfortably high up her inner thigh. Her head was under Mimi's skirt and she knew the kitty was getting an eyeful, but there was nothing she could do with her suit hardened and likely primed to shock her clit and g spot simultaneously if she tried to force her limbs out of their pose.

Nicole walked a few paces in front of Mimi and turned around to inspect her work, with Mittens padding along at her heels and visibly tilting her head up and down to check the maid-doll out with her limited pinhole vision. Mimi hoped that her senior doll was pleased with her, as Nicole was quickly becoming something of a role model for her.

Nicole cocked her head to the side and put her hand to her chin, tapping a finger idly on the center of her ballgag. Suddenly she snapped her fingers and let out a muffled giggle. An idea had come to her, and she strode off to another part of the Dollhouse in her six-inch ballet boots with Mittens slinking along behind her.

Moments later, Nicole returned with what looked like two bells attached to a chain, with a padlock in the center of the chain. As she drew closer and held the chain out at both ends with her outstretched hands, Mimi realized that it was a pair of vice-like nipple clamps, with a metal bell covering each clamp and a little lock in the middle of the chain so it could be affixed to something, or maybe attached to a weight that would pull on the chain and tug agonizingly at the wearer's nipples. Nicole held the clamps up at eye level, teasingly opening and shutting the clamps' metal jaws for Mimi to see.

Mimi moaned as Nicole pulled her dress down below her rubbery breasts, then squealed and whined as the clamps pinched down, one by one, onto her nipples. It hurt even through two layers of molded rubber nipples on top of her own, and her breasts immediately started burning and tingling from the activation of the medicated lube lining her skinsuit.

Nicole tugged a couple times on the center of the chain, making sure the clamps wouldn't come off and causing the attached bells to jingle. She flicked one with her finger, and it wiggled back and forth like a spring doorstop, its soft tinkling lingering until her rubbery nipple finally stopped oscillating. Mimi grunted and groaned, but with the hard metal ball filling her newmouth's rubbery cavity and the tight metal cords biting into the corner of her lips, she had utterly lost any semblance of articulation.

"Mmphhhh, pfhhppfffh, pfmmmmhhhh…" the poor redundantly-gagged maid-doll murmured as Nicole clipped the little padlock on her clamps' chain to the little metal ring at the center of her ballgag. Now, every movement of her head, whether to look over her shoulder or nod 'yes', would tug at the painful clamps on her sensitized nipples, making them jiggle and jingle with little wobbling bells affixed to their tips.

Mittens reared up on her haunches and batted the shiny bells on her clamps, and Mimi grunted and whined while Nicole giggled through her glossy white ballgag and pink latex lips.

Finally, Nicole swiped a command into her tablet and Mimi's suit relaxed. She dutifully bent down and resumed gathering up the yarn Mittens had strewn about the floor, her nipples tingling and burning as she struggled not to turn her head to look up or to the side. Any little movement, a nod 'yes' or shake 'no', or a jerk of her head upwards when she was bent over to investigate a noise Nicole or Mittens had made in front of her, and the chain attached to the anchor point on the metal ball in her mouth would tug at the clamps on her sensitive rubber nipples. The bells on her clamps would swing back and forth and jingle as they jiggled, a humiliating, lingering audial and visual sign that she'd made the mistake of moving her tethered face.

She had to hand it to Nicole: the woman knew how to make a maid-doll feel even more helpless, and she wasn't afraid of a little bondage on top of her own, exquisitely replicated dollsuit.

Mimi's arms were full, and she thought she was around halfway done cleaning up the yarn. She brought the bundle over to the bin by the counter, and Barbie looked up from her chair behind the counter, sputtering and laughing out loud when she saw the gag and clamps that Nicole had affixed to Mimi.

"Nicole sure is having her fun with you and Mittens, isn't she? Nod your head if you agree, Mimi. Go on, make those bells on your nips ring for me."

Mimi whimpered before she felt the tug on her clamps, knowing the pain and the constant wobbling tug that she'd feel on her nipples as she first nodded her head down, letting the chain go slack, then pulled it tight and jerked her clamps up by the chain tethered to the metal ball strapped in her mouth. She nodded up and down three or four times, until Barbie was giggling and poking her fingers at the jiggling bells on her nipples.

"That's so fun! I love how they keep wobbling back and forth after you tug the chain," Barbie grabbed the chain just above each bell, pulling them one after the other in a playful musical rhythm.

Mimi tried to ignore the pain, and the urge to cry out, or to swat Barbie's hands away from her tortured nipples. Nicole and Barbie were enjoying playing with her, and all she had to do was continue to please them. No matter how they treated her, she would try her best to perform for them, and endure their treatment.

Barbie stopped playing with Mimi's clamped nipples and caressed her plaything's rubbery cheek with her palm. Mimi was glad her obedience paid off, and she moaned thankfully and leaned into the affection as much as she could without her tethered mouth pulling on her nipples.

Her Mistress' other hand strayed down to Mimi's fleshlike silicone pussy, rubbing her clit to activate vibrations in the touch-sensitive vibroshock node. Mimi was thrilled and grateful, and she remembered her training and remained motionless, standing at attention and moaning softly even when her Mistress slid two fingers inside her latex-sheathed pussy and fingered her g-spot, angling her hand to elicit vibrations from her clit and g-spot nodes simultaneously.

Mimi had endured and obeyed like a perfect little plaything, and her practiced passivity had tempted Barbie into playing with her in her favorite way. Even without her suit hardened, or a threat from Barbie that she'd be shocked if she so much as twitched, the freshman maid-doll held her pose and refused to allow her hips to buck as her loins spasmed and twitched in pre-orgasmic bliss.

"Moan for me, Mimi. Let me hear how bad my dolly wants to cum."

"Uhmpfhmm, ukkh-khmmmrmmm…" Mimi's whole body was screaming for release, and she could barely make a noise with her muffled and distorted mouth rendered utterly useless by its rubber lining and the weighty metal ball jammed in her mouth. She wished she could moan prettier for her Mistress, but these breathless murmurs were all she could muster.

"All right, I'm bringing you up to eighty percent orgasm threshold," Barbie withdrew her hands from Mimi's cheek and crotch, and the pulses in her pussy stopped briefly before they resumed. She'd set her vibroshock nodes to vibrate constantly, intensely but without allowing her to reach climax. Mimi tensed every muscle, willing herself to remain still with every fiber of her being.

"I'll increase your vibe's strength every time you lift your head up and pull on those nipple clamps. Look straight up at the ceiling and hold it, and I'll ramp you up to an orgasm as you keep pulling. But if you let your head drop and take the tension off your clamps, I'll shock you until you're looking up again. Nod if you understand."

"Uhmm-hghmmm," Mimi nodded, groaning as her clamped nipples jiggled and the bells sang their tinkling metallic tune.

She craned her head back and stared up at the ceiling of the Dollhouse, yanking her breasts up by her clamped nipples and the chain attached to her gag. The weight of her breasts sagged under her nipples, and she screamed a gurgling, wordless cry that was thoroughly muffled by the rubber lining and chrome sphere filling her helpless mouth.

She held it as long as she could bear, feeling the vibrations intensify in her ultra-sensitive crotch as her nipples burned and her neck strained to carry the weight of her dangling breasts.

Eventually with a pathetic shriek, she let her head drop, the chain falling slack and her breasts drooping back down to hang, still perky in their rubber encasement, jiggling and tingling as the bells kept wobbling.

The relief in her nipples was quickly outweighed by a massive shock in her g-spot and on her clit, and Mimi was sure she twitched and spasmed visibly from the pain, but she fought as hard as she could to jerk her head back once more, her nipples in agony as her breasts were jerked up again by the clamps' chain.

"Very good, Mimi, you got to ninety percent. Hold your head back just like last time, and you'll get your orgasm. I'll let you drop your head while you cum, so take the pain, my poor little precious plaything!"

The seconds felt like hours as Mimi held her head back, the lighting in the Dollhouse ceiling blinding her and making her clamp her eyes shut as she winced from the pain in her hyper-sensitized nipples. She didn't think she could take much more, but somehow she stayed still, holding her breath and clenching her pelvic floor as the buzz inside her teasingly promised her the release of climax.

She couldn't make it. Her cries seemed half-caught in her obstructed mouth as the bells on her nipples rang out again, her breasts jiggling where they fell as the chain fastened to her gag dropped them back down. She had been on the brink of orgasm, and the shocks that replaced the divine sensation of her vibroshock nodes' vibrations were mind-shatteringly jarring in contrast.

"Poor thing, you got to 98%! One more time, Mimi, yank those nips up for Mistress!"

She did, and it seemed like everything went white. Her body trembled but she held her pose as a strained squeak escaped her gag, every muscle in her body tensed and ready to explode in orgasm.

When she came, the visions came back, the ones she'd gotten in sensory deprivation and sometimes in her dreams. Only this time, she really was an object, a plastic doll, living the reality of her unconscious fantasies.

She barely heard Barbie tell her she could drop her head again now, and enjoy her orgasm. Her crotch was a soft blue-white light in the dark of her mind, and her nipples were balls of neon-orange plasma, two burning engines of fire that lit the blackness in a swirl of violet as it mixed and danced with the radiant bliss of her climax.

Mimi slowly came back to reality, and noticed that Barbie had removed her nipple clamps, wrapped her arms around her, and was rocking her gently as she held her and whispered sweet phrases in her ear.

She'd done it. She'd endured, and obeyed, and earned the sort of peak experience that only truly submissive women could achieve.

"Good doll. You've made your Mistress very happy. Let it wash over you, the feeling of your Mistress' love. This is how you know you're safe, you're secure, you're protected. Everything is right with the world, Mimi, and you're beautiful and perfect. Are you a happy doll, Mimi?"

"Uhmmh-hrmpf," Mimi nodded softly, basking in the blankness of her mind and the physical sensations of her rubbery body, her snug, secure restraints, and her radiant, euphoric post-orgasmic glow.

When Mimi finally opened her eyes and stopped clinging to Barbie, she noticed Mittens, pawing at her leg and mewling pathetically.

"Oh, the dumb little cat wants you to play with you! Isn't she precious?" Barbie chuckled as she let go of her and bent over to pat the rubber kitty on the head.

"Mew!" Mittens pawed at her again and looked up into Mimi's eyes, and the maid-doll could swear she was actually making eye contact through their two sets of tiny, rubber-lined eyeholes, not merely staring ahead blankly at her with a lifeless pair of doll's eyes. Lisa was there behind that rubbery, immobile mask, whether her sense of self remained intact or if it had fractured, and she had a little Mittens persona growing and learning inside her just like Mimi did.

She hoped the rubber kitty had made the wise decision to internalize her new identity, and she suspected that was the case: Mittens was a natural, a regular air-headed play-happy kitten, and she deserved her happiness as a kitty as much as Mimi deserved to be the best doll she could be. She might never rival Nicole, but she'd endure whatever Barbie put her through with as much cheer and gratitude as she could muster.

Mittens mewled again, and Mimi bent down to stroke her ears, eliciting a long, droning "PRRRRRRPPRRRRPPRPRPRPR" from the white-and-pink FreakPet's voicebox.

"Hey wait a minute, what the fuck?" Barbie darted a hand out to the back of Mimi's neck, and fumbled at the combination lock on its bike-lock cord.

"Nicole! Get the fuck over here!" Barbie furiously swiped commands into her tablet and Mimi heard Nicole's muffled shriek pierce the serene air of the Dollhouse, "NGHMMMMMMMMM!"

Barbie kept shocking her and the little brown doll stumbled along in her white ballet boots and web of white straps, hobbling as fast as she could on her audacious 6-inch heels and obviously clenching her jaw in pain, so hard that the squishy white ball in her mouth was flattened out into a flat pancake between her stretched-wide lips, brimming with tension and threatening to pop back into its natural round shape the moment the poor doll stopped biting down on it.

Barbie didn't stop shocking Nicole even when she dropped to her knees in front of her, stretching her arms out ahead of her and laying her palms flat on the floor while she buried her face in the carpet, desperately supplicating herself to her Mistress.

Mimi stood in stunned silence as the veteran doll and slavegirl captain shrieked in ragged, panting breaths, but she understood Barbie was being harsh because Nicole of all people should have known better than to lock something on one of Barbie's dolls, such as Mimi's ultra-sturdy metal ballgag with its combination lock, that Barbie could not remove herself.

Mittens, on the other hand, was just an innocent, ignorant animal.

She mewled desperately, "Mew, me-me-mew, mew mee-YOWR! Myah-yowwwrrr!" as she frantically pawed at Barbie's supple thighs in her pink latex leggings, begging her Mistress to stop hurting Mittens' new friend, the one who was so nice to her.

Finally, the shrieking stopped, and Nicole let out a low, croaking groan without moving from her self-debasing pose. It was obviously something she and Barbie had rehearsed, and Nicole knew how Barbie wanted her most loyal doll positioned for punishment. Surprisingly, though, Mimi thought she saw a little back-and-forth wiggle in Nicole's ass, a little arch in the small of her back that might mean she was enjoying herself.

"I should have known you'd pull some shit like this," Barbie put the heel of one of her thigh-high Italian leather boots between Nicole's shoulders and leaned her weight on it, pinning the little doll to the ground and making her squeal and squirm, "you always were a fucking brat. You have so little power to make mischief locked up in your suit, and yet you always find a way. Seriously, though? Locking an ugly-ass metal gag on one of my beautiful toys and setting the combination yourself? You really are a slut for punishment."

Barbie ground her heel into Nicole's shoulders and keyed in a few more shocks. Nicole shrieked, then moaned sensually and grinded her hips in the air in her prostrate position. Mittens pawed nervously at Barbie and whined softly, but she seemed to be catching on to the game Nicole and Barbie were playing with each other.

"Hush, Mittens, unless you want to join Nicole in agony, on the floor. I know you're just a dumb kitty, but try to keep up. Nicole is fed up being the one disciplining clueless, spoiled newbies. She came back here because she's a true sub, a genuine painslut. She's gonna sleep like a baby tonight, with welts on her ass and a sore pussy, feeling like a woman who's right where she belongs. She's in her happy place, right now, under my bootheel."

"Mm-HMM!" Nicole barely managed her enthusiastic articulation through her rubber lips and the massive white ball between them. She'd gone to elaborate lengths, and put poor Mimi in a painful and humiliating bind, but she was getting the intense domination that a seasoned professional like herself needed to feel like a real sub again. Mimi just wished Barbie would let her stand up and make her take off her ballgag already. The unwieldy metal sphere was uncomfortable in her rubber mouth, and she felt self-conscious of how silly she must look with her hot-pink latex lips pulled back at the corners into a distorted grimace.

"Well, that's why I'm not gonna shock you any more."

"Hghrrmm?" Nicole squealed into her gag, bewildered. Mittens cocked her head to her side and swung her haunches lazily from side to side, flicking her white rubber tail back and forth. The kitty was very entertained by the power dynamics unfolding in front of her.

"That's right. You stepped over the line, and really pissed me off by messing with my brand new toy. I've had Mimi for less than a day, and you know I don't like sharing my toys with rude people who do things with them without my permission. So, I'm not going to give you the punishment I know you want. No spankings, no shocks, no extended groveling or deepthroat-machine session."

Barbie's tone was ice cold. Mimi felt a surge of pride in her owner. It felt good to know her protection was being taken so seriously. Nicole had no right to undermine Barbie's authority over her, and it seemed like those kinds of punishments were like rewards to the insatiable Dollhouse favorite.

"If you don't unlock that gag and apologize properly to Mimi the second I take my boot off your back, I'll change your suit."

You could cut the silence in the room with a knife. What suit was Barbie going to threaten Nicole with? What would frighten or unnerve even the most tenured and celebrated doll the Dollhouse had to offer?

"Did you know it's possible to put a FreakPet suit over some dollsuits? It gets really hot, and hard to move under so many layers of rubber, but I can fit a voicebox-equipped mouthplug like the one in Mittens' suit inside your newmouth insert, curl those fingers up in little mittens, and cover that pretty little silicone pussy up with a smooth FreakPet crotch."

Barbie paused, letting Nicole stew in wonder of what horrible animal Barbie was going to dress her as.

"If you don't do as I say, without hesitation, and make me believe you're sorry, I'll stuff you into our yellow rubber ducky suit. How's that sound? We can call you Ms. Quacksley, and have Mittens chase you all around. It's hard to run with those big, webbed feet, so she'll probably catch you! You'd be hilarious as a quacking yellow moron with a big rubber duck bill for a mouth, so frankly, I hope you try me. Go ahead, I kind of want to do it now that I've thought of it."

Barbie's foot didn't even seem to leave Nicole's back; the nanosecond she felt the pressure of the boot relieved, Nicole sprung into action, sprinting behind Mimi and frantically fumbling at the combination lock of her gag. When it clicked open, Mimi gasped as she felt the hard metal ball finally dislodge from her mouth and let her lips relax. Mimi worked the stiffness out of her jaw, making relieved little "um-mum-mnumn" sounds with her rubber-lined newmouth finally emptied and movable.

"Mmph… mrrghh…" Nicole moaned apologetically into her own ballgag as she clipped the heavy metal gag's attached clamps to her own rubbery nipples, squealing in pain as she dropped the weighty ball and let it tug hard on her nipples as its weight pulled the chain tight. She was using the same device she'd disobediently locked on Mimi on herself, which seemed an appropriate punishment that fit the crime, except that Mimi now suspected Nicole had only used it on her in the first place so she could punish herself in this way.

She knelt on the floor before Mimi, clasping her hands together in supplication as if in prayer, begging for the maid-doll's forgiveness, but Mimi knew the little doll was enjoying every second of her punishment. She didn't think it was enough to make Nicole truly sorry for breaking Barbie's rules.

Mimi grabbed the metal ballgag dangling between Nicole's nipples and jerked it up, enjoying the little thrill of power she got when the doll's almond-shaped, lavender-haloed eyes shot up to gaze pleadingly but emptily at the maid-doll as she towered over her. Nicole squealed, and Mimi joined in with Barbie's laughter this time, giggling, "hm-hm-hm-hmff…" through her newmouth gag and smiling awkwardly with her latex lips. If Nicole loved punishment so much, then it was all right for Mimi to take some pleasure in her revenge, she thought. She yanked the gag again, and Nicole's nipples jerked at the ends of her chains as the little jingle bells on the clamps rang out a tinny song.

"You're right, Mimi, an apology isn't enough. I think I've got just the thing to make things even between you two," Barbie walked over to the pneumatic tube behind the sales counter, accessing HaremCo's supply distribution network through the touchscreen on the side of the tube. While they waited to see what device their Mistress was ordering to punish Nicole with, Mimi continued pulling and jerking on the chains attached to Nicole's nipple clamps, caressing the doll's rubbery face and giving her a few gentle but satisfying slaps to her cheeks.

Mimi was surprised how exhilarating it was to torment the usually-superior Nicole. It was gratifying to make her squeal and moan with a twitch of her hands; to have the gorgeous, helpless rubberdoll totally at her mercy, like a plaything. Nicole looked pathetic but ultra-gorgeous, her rubber-coated mouth stuffed with a massive white ball that squished into an oval and sprung back out into a sphere as she helplessly clenched her jaws in pain and murmured helpless thoughts the woman-turned-toy was not permitted to share.

Mimi looked down at Nicole and realized that this was how her Mistress felt when she was playing with her. It was how Master Dominic, and all the guests at the HaremCo Club had felt when they saw Samantha, silenced, desperate, vulnerable, and totally at their mercy. Nicole's expressionless face was locked, enraptured in its attention, in its helpless gaze up towards her tormentor, and she held her pleading, palms-together pose without flinching an inch as Mimi tugged at her clamps and alternately fondled and smacked her glossy, hazelnut-colored rubber cheeks.

The pleasure she felt as she dominated Nicole was what she had been giving to those who'd dominated her, and the irresistible allure of the rubbery abstraction of an objectified woman trembling at her feet was the same hyper-feminine radiance that Mimi had been learning to exude herself. She was seeing the other side of the dance she'd been railroaded into, and she realized there was beauty and affection on both sides.

Barbie returned with a metal chastity belt that sported a huge padlock as well as two bizarre, intimidating-looking metal plugs sticking up from its crotch. The plugs looked like miniature modern art sculptures: they were four and six inch metal protrusions, respectively, that were roughly cone-shaped but their structure was composed of metal cubes arranged at odd angles. The glistening chrome cubes had smooth, rounded corners and edges, so they wouldn't cut through a latex orifice sheath or actually injure a woman. Still, it would feel like having two little knobbly metal Christmas trees shoved up inside the wearer, and walking or moving around with the unwieldy plugs inside a woman would cause no end of teeth-clenching, spine-curling discomfort as the strange square facets and corners of the plugs shifted around inside their walls.

Nicole seemed to recognize the device, and she gurgled something with her rubberized and ballgagged mouth that sounded like an impossible mix of terror and delight. She stood up and immediately adopted a scripted pose, spreading her legs and placing her hands behind her head as Barbie had no doubt trained her to do when accepting her Mistress' object insertions.

Mimi dropped the heavy metal gag and it fell, dangling between Nicole's breasts and eliciting a squeak of pain when it jerked to a stop as her nipple clamps' chain caught it midair. The bells on her clamps jingled loudly, then not at all as the metal ball and its bike-lock straps dangled from the motionless doll's breasts.

Nicole groaned but didn't flinch a millimeter as Barbie slid the torturously shaped plugs into the pink latex lining of her orifice sheaths, locking the metal belt tightly and snugly over her crotch with the padlock once they were fully inserted.

"Now, my delinquent doll, you're going to help Mimi clean up this mess. And keep up the pace, I'll shock you harder than even you can take if I catch you slacking. You hear that, Mimi? You'd better be grateful this stupid dolly stepped out of line, because now you have help. I expect it done within the hour. Let's go."

Barbie shocked all three of them, and Nicole, Mimi, and Mittens all shrieked in unison, in tones ranging from a feline yowl to the plaintive "MMM-HMM-HRMN!" that was so muffled it barely left Nicole's metallic pink latex lips.

They dutifully set about their business, with Nicole panting and grunting as she squatted and stood repeatedly in six-inch ballet boots with uncomfortable, knobbly metal plugs stuck inside her. It was unbelievably impressive that she could manage to help at all, let alone endure her nipple-clamped, ballet-booted and double-penetrated labor with gusto and the air of an insatiable painslut. Even double-gagged and put in an ungodly predicament, Nicole was an astoundingly talented, graceful, and hard-working doll. Mimi had a long way to go before she could match the slavegirls' captain.

As Mimi and Nicole shuffled and moaned along, breathing heavy and jingling their attached bells as they labored to finish their task within an hour with no way to tell the time, Mittens harassed and pestered the two, batting at Nicole's ponytail and the metal gag that dangled from her nipples with her padded rubber paws and laying down for stretching sessions on piles of yarn she knew the two dolls were trying to pick up. When Mimi or Nicole swatted at her, the impish rubber feline would craftily dodge the clumsy, besuited dolls in their awkward high heels, slinking and scampering away with a machine-gun purr that could only come from laughter, muffled by the FreakPet suit's noise-cancelling mouthplug, then converted to the mischievous kitty's synthetic feline voice by its voicebox feature.

The little shit was really enjoying having her fun at the doll's expense. Mimi had an intrusive thought of grabbing the tablet still strapped to Nicole's wrist, the one that could control Mimi and Mittens' vibroshocks, and zapping Mittens until she rolled over and showed her belly. She let out a little muffled giggle as she thought how her pathetic mewls would sound, how pitiful her rubber-mittened hands would look, flailing and pawing up at Mimi, begging for forgiveness like Nicole just had. Mimi had enjoyed her little moment of power over her fellow doll, and a slavegirl captain, no less. She hoped Barbie would leave her in charge of Mittens one day. Mimi would have her fun, then.

But, no hope for help from her Mistress right now. Barbie was chatting away with a girlish mania usually reserved for middle-school preteens, giggling and squealing with delight at whatever the person on the phone was saying. She made no attempt to discipline Mittens so the two dolls could work; instead, when she noticed Nicole squealing and swatting the rubber kitty away, she cackled and praised Mittens, "That's my playful kitten! Naughty little scamp!"

After an exhausting period of effort that seemed like it would never end, Nicole and Mimi tossed the last two little bundles of yarn they'd scooped from the floor in the bin by the sales counter, and they collapsed on their knees beside Barbie's office chair, with Mittens slinking under the counter to curl up on the toes of Barbie's leather boots.

"What wonderful toys I have," Barbie cooed as she swiped a command on her tablet and started a low, pulsating vibration going in all her playthings' vibroshocks, "I get to play however I want, and no matter how big the mess, my little dolls will clean up after themselves. Thank you, darlings, you make me the happiest girl in the world," she reached under the table and stroked Mittens' ears as a chorus of grateful moans bubbled up amongst the rubberized women. Mittens purred and mewled gratefully, unable to express sexual pleasure like a woman, but obviously content as a petted kitty.

"Well, as much as I'd like to reward you all with an orgasm for your faithful service, I'm afraid I'm going to have to cut this short, my darlings," Barbie sighed with exaggerated drama, as though she were announcing a tragic death to a group of dolls she'd cast in a one-woman play, "a dreadful visitor is approaching the Dollhouse, girls, and men just ruin all the fun of our precious girl time when they interrupt us. Why do little boys get to make all their clubs 'no girls allowed,' but I have to suffer these pestering, crude boys stinking up my Dollhouse and smudging up my toys? It's not fair. You girls agree, don't you?"

Mimi and Nicole giggled conspiratorial 'hm-hm-hmph's through their rubber-lined mouths, then nodded and whined up at their Mistress in agreement, 'mm-hmm! Mm-hmm!' Of course they'd rather have their girl time in the Dollhouse to themselves. Their whole experience at HaremCo had been about the female role as it related to being dominated by men, day in and day out. The Dollhouse was the only place they were able to explore their submissive sides in an all-female context, and the forbidden little girl-power pow-wow was a deliciously forbidden break from the slog of serving men all day.

Mimi found herself hoping she could come back, and play some more with Barbie and Nicole. Even Mittens, despite the trouble the rubber kitty was always getting Mimi into. Her experiences at HaremCo were redefining how she felt about her identity as a woman, and it was wonderfully refreshing to explore her new role with other women. It seemed like their shared helplessness brought slavegirls together, and with their psychological, physical, and even sexual defense mechanisms stripped away, the women at the compound were effortlessly able to form deep, intimate connections with one another.

They could even experience dominance over one another, Mimi realized, in a way they never could over a man. Even a single man in the room would radically alter the power structure, with everyone but probably Barbie at the very bottom. Barbie was unquestionably the eminent Mistress of the Dollhouse, but Mimi wasn't entirely sure where she stood in the HaremCo hierarchy. This was Barbie's domain, her Mistress' house, and it would be a crime for a man to violate its sanctity and start bossing their Mistress around.

Mittens seemed the most offended by the idea of a male presence penetrating the feminine serenity of the Dollhouse. She slunk out from under the counter, prowling slowly and with tension, as though her fur were bristling and her low, constant purr were a threatening growl. Then, facing the entrance of the Dollhouse, she reared up on her haunches and clawed fiercely at the air, roaring out, "RAWR! RA-RRAW-WRAAWWR!" to punctuate the fearsome scratches she was directing at the encroaching intruder when he emerged at the top of the spiral staircase up from the Boutique below.

"Easy there, Mittens," Barbie chuckled, scooting her wheeled office chair over and grabbing Mittens' leash from the floor, tugging her back, "How about a little more housecat, and a little less tiger? We get it, you're fierce, but you're going to scare our guest. Or maybe, just look a bit ridiculous."

Mittens trotted over to where Nicole and Mimi still knelt, managing to appear aloof with her chin in the air, then she curled herself up and started licking the back of one of her paws with the decorative, cartoonish plastic tongue on her mask. She seemed to say, "I don't know what you're talking about, I'm the chillest, most serene and unaffected feline there's ever been."

Barbie had asked for housecat, and Mittens was giving it to her.

"You're a riot," Barbie rolled her eyes at the sassy kitty, "But fuck me if you haven't taken to the role."

She cleared her throat, more for effect than anything else. Time to stop goofing around.

"Anyway, as much as we hate dirty boys spreading cooties all over our playroom, I'm sure you'll all be excited to show Master Dominic what pretty, shiny toys you've become."

Mimi's breath caught in her chest. Master Dominic was coming! She hoped she didn't disappoint him, that she would be the one out of everyone that he most wanted to see, most wanted to play with. Suddenly self-conscious, she pulled the black latex dress of her maid's uniform over her taut, double-layer latex-covered breasts. She hadn't realized, but they'd still been hanging out from when Nicole had put those nipple clamps on her earlier.

Mittens' ears couldn't move, but her whole head perked up, and she mewled excitedly, wiggling her hips in anticipation of meeting her Master in her new feline persona.

"And I know YOU knew he was coming ahead of time, you crafty little hoe," Barbie said to Nicole, who giggled softly through her gag as she cocked her head to the side, miming innocence, "you picked that bondage harness and ballgag because you know how Dominic likes you in white, didn't you? He must've told you to come check in on his girls before he visited. And you didn't tell me, you wily skank!"

Nicole giggled more profusely, her rubber lips still utterly sealed and stretched tight around the squishy white rubber ballgag. She put her hands behind her back and shook her body cutely from side to side, the little bells on her nipple clamps wobbling and jingling as she played the cute, innocent slavegirl. If the mischievous doll's mouth hadn't been locked in an 'o' around her gag, she'd have been wearing a shit eating grin for sure.

"All right, he should be here in a few minutes. Let's greet him at the top of the stairs, so the first thing he sees is the three of you, all suited up! Mittens, just wait by the entrance and behave yourself. I'm setting your vibroshock to lock you in place once you get there, so don't get any ideas about wandering off, or playing around and getting in our way."

Mittens mewled sadly, but trotted off obediently towards the entrance, purring as her vibroshock rewarded her for approaching her assigned spot. She'd get a nice little reward pulse when she got to the entrance, too, but then she'd be locked in place, and the diabolical silicone egg vibe would shock her if she tried to leave her spot until Barbie unlocked it. As wily as Mittens was, the simple vibroshock egg used on all HaremCo's slavegirls was more than enough to shut her antics down.

"Now, Nicole, why don't you fetch the attachments for the RealDoll mk.3? They're right next to yours, same drawer. I don't want to spoil the surprise for our favorite Dom by letting him see his new plaything before he formally unwraps his little present."

Nicole giggled and shuffled off as quickly as her ballet boots would allow, retrieving attachments Mimi hadn't known until just now that her high-tech dollsuit came with. Weren't the nanoweave that let her master lock her in a pose, the vibroshock nodes in the realistic silicone pussy, and the newmouth insert that gave her an inarticulate but functional rubber mouth enough?

"Boys are always so quick to rip the packaging off their toys, but I think unwrapping a new plaything is an important ritual. I'm going to make sure Dominic has to take his sweet time getting to you, Mimi, and he's going to see every accessory that over-engineered dollsuit has to offer. Trust me, you'll see what I mean, once we get your accessories on. And then, once we add the blindfold, you won't see at all!"

Mimi groaned. A blindfold? Packaging? They were going to wrap Mimi up like a present, covering her pretty face and probably her other sexy parts so Dominic would have to 'unwrap' his doll before he could play with her. Barbie chuckled as she heard the maid-doll whining, taunting her, "I bet you're frustrated you can't flaunt that plastic pussy and your pink little rubber mouth for your Master, aren't you? Don't worry, he'll be even more excited to play with you once he finally removes your packaging and reveals the pretty little blonde dolly underneath. The anticipation and buildup is half the fun!"

Nicole came back with an assortment of glossy rubber objects in her arms, all of them the same bronzed, fake-tan color of Mimi's skin. Barbie walked her over to the full-length mirror, so Mimi could see what was being done to her.

Mimi whimpered as Nicole slid a pair of latex panties up her legs, sliding two smooth dildos inside the panties into her orifice sheaths, then locking the heavy rubber belt at the panties' waistline with a metal padlock. Her puckered rubber anus and life-like silicone vulva disappeared under the smooth, tanned beige rubber, leaving her with a featureless sex like a conventional child's doll.

Meanwhile, Barbie stretched a thin latex muzzle over Mimi's mouth, with a smooth, 3 inch dildo of the same color to plug her newmouth and obscure her pretty hot-pink rubber lips. A beige rubber swimcap was stretched over her scalp and Barbie tucked her blonde ponytail into the cap, covering yet another of her features.

Mimi watched herself in the mirror in horror as her mouth, hair, and crotch became smooth and featureless, the latex attachments blending in seamlessly with the rubber of her dollsuit. The last thing she saw before everything went dark was Nicole lowering a fleshtone rubber blindfold over her eyes, leaving her faceless, sexless, and totally anonymous, like a generic maid-doll fresh off the rack, a blank-faced object ready to have its owner's will imprinted on it.

Mimi cried a frustrated sob into her plugged, rubber-muzzled newmouth, but she was shocked to find that the noise was muffled to near-silence even in her own skull. She felt the plug in her mouth vibrating as she vocalized, buzzing silently on her teeth and carrying its resonance throughout her cheekbones. She squealed, louder, freaking out as the sounds she made were suddenly canceled out, and then she realized: the latex plug-gag that left her looking mouthless was also equipped with the noise-cancelling technology that silenced the human voice inside Mittens' feline mask. Every sound she made was canceled out by compensatory, reverse-phase vibrations produced by her gag, reducing the resulting noise, even in her own head, to almost nothing. Only, Mimi's gag didn't play a synthetic voice through a speaker, it just silenced her almost totally.

"Do you hear something, Nicole? I think there might be a fly, or a bee in the dollhouse. I could have sworn I heard the tiniest little whining sound just now, didn't you?"

Mimi heard Barbie's voice in the darkness, and heard Nicole's muffled giggles at her expense.

"That noise-cancelling tech was my idea, you know. The science guys worked out how to make it a reality, and currently we're able to reduce emitted noise by almost 90%. A loud scream only results in only about 40 decibels, a quiet conversational volume. And, if you add a voicebox like Mittens' to play a synthetic voice over it, you'll never hear the wearer's voice at all. I know you hate when I muffle you like that, Nicole, but it's the only way I could get work done when you were still new and complaining all day."

The pair giggled, and Mimi felt her vibroshocks activate, blindly taking a step forward, then to the left as it shocked her, to the right when she was punished again for moving in the wrong direction, then, finally, feeling her way with her hands in the dark as Barbie and Nicole laughed at her struggle, she followed the reward vibrations in her g-spot and clit vibroshock nodes in the direction of what she assumed was the entrance. Dominic would be there any minute, but Mimi couldn't greet him properly, or show him her pretty face or the prosthetic sex she hoped so desperately he would make use of. She wanted to moan and cry, but her pitiful vocalizations were swallowed up by the noise cancelling plug that vibrated away in her mouth, filling her skull with deafening silence.

She felt something in front of her when the vibrations built to a fever pitch, indicating she was nearly at her spot. She blindly groped in front of her and felt two stiff, thin vertical walls, with another wall a foot and a half behind them and a square roof just overhead. It felt like a locker made of plexiglass of hard plastic. Mimi stepped into the vertical box, her arms tight at her sides and ankles together, then turned around to face the opening as her reward vibrations rocked her crotch, her vibroshock nodes rewarding her for finding her assigned spot.

Mimi vaguely remembered seeing some transparent display cases at the shop's entrance, at the top of the spiral staircase leading up from the Boutique. Barbie must be locking her in one of those plexiglass cases, displayed as a new product being promoted by the Dollhouse. The moans she made as she was vibrated were drowned out by her high-tech noise-cancelling rubber gag, and she knew there was nothing for her to do but stay still, silent, and objectified as her Mistress displayed her to her Master.

She felt Barbie and Nicole's hands on her wrists and ankles, and felt restraints tightening around them, pinning them to the back of the display case. She felt another tighten around her neck, and she felt like a doll, still in its packaging and held in place by little twist-ties to the back of her box.

In the dark, with no voice even to hum to herself, Mimi's mind seemed to still, and time lost meaning. The visions she got in sensory deprivation bondage started to return, and what little stimulation she received from the outside world in her immobilized, blinded, muted state faded away.

She felt something press down on her ears, and even the muffled noise of the shop's ambience, and the voices of Barbie, Mittens, and Nicole, fell silent. Softly, ambient, trance-like music, the kind that might play in a yoga studio or meditation class, began playing in Mimi's ears, and she gave herself up to her inner world, totally cut off from the outside and unable to interact with it in any way.

She felt a hot spiral of energy forming below her waist, a white chill creeping up her spine, and she saw swirling auroras of colorful energy dance in her mind's eye, leading her, like she was flying through a tunnel of light, to the strange place her visions always took her.

Adrift in her own mind, Mimi danced an erotic ballet in a spotlight, for an audience of one, the only one that mattered in her submissive dreams: her nameless, formless Master. He applauded, and praised her, and corrected her mistakes as she strove to please him.

Until her Earthly Master brought her back into the waking world, Mimi was a slave to her dreams, and she would toil happily for her Masters' pleasure, in the light of the world or the dark of her sensory deprivation.
