---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/tg/storiesad/busride.html
subcategory: Transformation
title: The Bus Ride
authors:
- Riche
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- chast
- corset
- hogtie
- F/m
- FM/m
- bond
- bdsm
- sissy
- oral
- anal
- cons
- XX
date: 2008-09-28 00:00:00
---

My heart beat quickened as the bus pulled away for the final time before my stop. This journey had started three months ago when I began chatting on an internet site with a lady called Susan, she was really easy to talk to and for the first time in my life had confessed to another human being my love of cross-dressing and self bondage, she was extremely understanding and over months leading up to me being on this bus asked lots of questions and even offered advice on how to dress. She also told me that she had a secret desire to be a dominant and the thought of having a man dressed as a woman bound for her pleasure turned her on.

A few weeks ago Susan had suggested that we meet in person, I agreed instantly she said that there would be instruction that I would have to follow. Firstly I was to refrain from any form of sexual gratification before the day of our meeting and to prove my commitment to this I was to purchase a chastity device, lock in on and send her the keys. Second I was to keep my body free from hair and wear female clothing every day, including a corset which I was to lace as tightly as possible and keep on for at least twelve hours a day.

I began all of this with vigour, I sent Susan daily emails reporting my progress and when the chastity device arrived I didn’t hesitate before locking in on and posting the keys to the address that she sent me. It was the kind that allowed a partial erection but any more quickly became uncomfortable and full arousal and ejaculation were impossible, this wasn’t too bad at first but as the days became weeks the frustration and desire for release grew and grew. The more I thought about the coming meeting and the feelings that this would evoke the more turned on I would become only to be denied, the constant corset training didn’t help either. Wearing such a tight fitting feminine garment was heaven, it gave me a much more womanly figure and the way it held my body in a constant tight embrace, restricting movement was in itself a form of bondage.

Finally yesterday the email that I had been waiting for had arrived, I was to be at the address in the email by 8am dressed in my corset, stockings and panties, there were directions to the house and when I arrived I was to use the entrance at the rear of the property and go into the conservatory where I would find a wooden chest I had to remove my outer male clothes open the chest and follow the instructions inside, I was also to travel by bus, this I found a little strange but I just accepted it I was so elated that finally all my dreams were going to come true.

The bus jolted over a bump in the road and I came out of my day dream to realize that the bus had turned into the street where the address that I had been given was. My heart began to beat so fast I thought it would burst out of my chest, and my stomach felt like it had been tied in knots. My legs felt like jelly as I stood up as the stop came in to view, somehow I managed to get off the bus, I hoped that no one saw, what to me was an obvious state of nervous excitement. I could see the house now and the entrance to the side passage that I was to follow, the tension inside my chastity device tightened to an unbelievable level it felt as though it was going to burst, at last I was at the passage way, at that moment anything could have been going on in the street around me I was completely focused on finding the green door in the wall half way down the passage. I turned and quickly walked down the passage and there it was the small green door, I reached it grabbed the handle, turned it and opened the door without thinking, I was on some sort of auto pilot, I stepped through the opening and into a bright sunlit garden, I saw the conservatory at the end of a winding path and nervously made my way along, panic filled questions filling my already overloaded head, what if it was the wrong house, or the wrong day, I got to the door of the conservatory and with one last deep breath went in.

Sure enough against the far wall was a wooden chest on top of which was an envelope, I quickly removed my outer clothes and adjusted my feminine lingerie and stockings before opening the envelope, inside was a single sheet of paper which simply said that I was to remove the contents of the chest put my outer clothes inside and lock the chest with the padlock that I would find inside, I was then to put on the wrist and ankle cuffs that I would find inside together with the ball gag and then to lock myself face down on the floor into a hog tie using the length of chain and two further padlocks.

Through my many self bondage sessions I had plenty of experience of this kind of thing and it took me no time at all to prepare, buckling the thick leather wrist and ankle cuffs in place, locking the chest and finally buckling the gag tightly in place, finally I laid face down on the floor locked one end of the chain and my ankles together before securing the other end and my wrists together, as I clicked the last padlock shut my predicament sank home in a sudden surge of panic far greater than in any other previous self bondage session. I was trapped miles from home and even if I did escape my bonds I would have a highly embarrassing walk home, the significance of the bus journey suddenly becoming apparent, I was trapped and at the mercy of whatever came next, my mind began to whirl with possibilities, the pain in my groin intensified with the pressure of the hard floor and the thoughts of what was to come.

I had no idea how long I laid there it was some time and more than once I panicked that it had all somehow gone horribly wrong, but then suddenly I heard the faint click of high heels on a hard floor and then the door in front of me opened. I looked up and could see a pair of shiny patent red stilettos and beautiful black nylon clad legs, she took a step towards me and that was the last I saw before a leather mask was put over my head and tightly laced up.

"You are mine!" she said, "and forget anything that I have told you before, you are now my property and will remain here in my service forever!"

I was confused what was going on I tried to speak to struggle all in vain, I felt her doing something behind me, suddenly my elbows were drawn together as a belt was tightened around them and my ankles were drawn up almost to my hands as the chain connecting them was shortened, making my bondage incredibly tight much tighter and inescapable than anything I could have done on my own.

"When I come back your training will begin slut," she said and once again I heard her footsteps this time going away from me and then the door shutting.

I was alone helpless and frightened but also incredibly turned on and wanting to know what was going to happen next.

**Part 2**

The time passed slowly as I laid there hogtied and helpless, wandering what she had meant by training and how long I would have to wait for it to begin, all of this mingled with the expectations that I had had before today whirled around my head, periods of intense arousal at the thought of what might happen were interrupted by periods of panic and anxiety at my predicament.

Finally I heard the click of heels once more and the door opened she moved around me and my restraints were removed until only the gag remained.

“Get onto all fours,” she ordered I did as I was told my head lowered in submission, my heart once again thumping in my chest in anticipation.

“Follow me,” she commanded, “on all fours!”

I looked up to see her shiny red stilettos and nylon clad legs as she began to move away, I hastily began to follow with one last thought that this would be the final chance that I would have to make a run for it but I was so immersed in my fantasy that I followed with out question.

I followed her into a bedroom and then on into a bathroom she walked behind me.

“You will bathe, shave your entire body and give yourself three enemas, then you will come back into the bedroom and follow the instructions on the bed.” She said, “and you had better be ready by the time I return.”

The bathroom door closed behind me, not wanting to fail on my first day I quickly set about following her instructions, the sweet smell of her scent lingered in the bathroom and it suddenly occurred to me that I had only seen her shoes and the bottom of her legs and I began to wonder what she looked like as I ran a bath and set about shaving, once this was done I found the enema equipment hanging in a bag behind the door and began to clean myself inside, once all this was done I tided the room and went naked except for my gag and chastity device into the bedroom.

On the bed was the now familiar sheet of paper with a list of instructions, the first of which was to go over to the dressing table where I would find a bottle of scent, I was to spray my whole body. I picked up the bottle read the label and began to spray, I had never thought of wearing female scent before and as the lovely feminine fragrance reached my nostrils once again I became uncontrollably aroused but in a new way the scent made me feel much more feminine than I had ever felt before and once again my arousal caused intense pain in my groin.

To take my mind off the pain I looked at the next instruction on the list, apply make up and wig, to look like a girlie slut it said. I had not had much experience with make up and it took some time to get it right, looking into the mirror as I finally put the wig on I was surprised at how girlie I looked.

The next item on the list told me to go to the dresser open the top drawer and put on the clothes that I found there, inside I found a pair of nude sheer tights, pink silk panties and satin corset which was at least one size smaller than the one that I had been training with over the last few weeks. A pair of black seamed stockings and pink high heeled shoes completed the outfit.

Despite the warning to be finished before she returned I took my time dressing luxuriating in the feel of the nylon as it moulded itself to the shape of my legs, the panties came next, they were a size too small for me and gripped my bum in a firm sexy feeling hug, the satin material of the corset felt wonderful as it slipped around my body and I took some time getting it laced as tightly as I could, feeling the now familiar embrace as it gripped my torso giving me a much more feminine shape. Finally I pulled on the stockings and ensuring the seams were straight, fastened them to the suspenders of the corset and then slipped my feet into the shoes. I stood up and went over to the full length mirror to admire my work I looked and felt fantastic and once more my heart began to thud in my chest

The final instruction told me to remove the cover from the bed and follow the instructions that I would find there, under the cover were in each corner of the bed a thick leather cuff attached to a chain which disappeared under the bed. A sheet of paper told me to put the cuffs on my arms and legs, lie face down and press the button that I would find by my right hand. Once again I was to put myself into bondage with no means of escape and once more my excitement and fear levels went through the roof as I completed my task. I found the button and pressed not knowing what would happen, there was a click and then a whirring noise and I realized that the chains were being pulled tight by some unseen mechanism. Tighter and tighter they pulled stretching me out helplessly on the bed, finally when I thought my arms were going to pop out of their sockets the motors cut out and I was left firmly secured to the bed and once again left wondering what would happen next.

This time I didn’t have long to wait the door opened and Mistress Susan walked in, first she went into the bathroom and then came over to the bed, she stood on my right hand side and for the first time I could see her, she was beautiful, long blonde hair framed a wonderful face and her curvy body was clad in a simple black satin dress which was cut low in the front allowing a glimpse of her ample bosom, which was encased in a red lacy bra which was tantalizingly just visible. She reached over to my back and gave the laces of my corset a tug.

“You haven’t done very well on your first try have you slave,” she said, “the bathroom is a mess, your corset is not tight enough and your stocking seams are crooked. I expect much higher standards from my slaves. I am going to punish you and will continue to punish you daily until you learn to try harder.”

She walked over to a cupboard opened the door and took out a thick three foot long leather strap. “Now this is not a game, there are no silly safe words, I am going to punish you and the punishment will only end when I am satisfied that you have learnt your lesson. You are now my property you will obey me, your old life is over and you are about to learn all about your new one.”

I couldn’t help once again becoming helplessly aroused, I could feel the pre cum oozing into my new panties, the first stroke of the strap crashed down into my left buttock instantly exploding into pain, this was quickly followed by another to the right. I cried out through the gag, she laughed and said that this was just the start, several more blows rained down in quick succession before she moved her aim and several strokes lit up the backs of my thighs.

There was nothing I could do I was completely helpless, the strap mercilessly continued to pound into my rear, I lost count of the number of stinging blows and just wished that each one would be the last. Eventually after what seemed to be an eternity the blows ceased, my bum was red hot the warmth felt good. I felt unbelievably disappointed when the blows finished, I was still incredibly turned on, almost as though she sensed what I was thinking Mistress bent over and said in quiet soft voice into my ear. “That was just the warm up when I come back there will be much more.”

With that she left, I was once again alone with my thoughts and the promise of another spanking, she had also given me an inclination that my predicament was going to be permanent and I wanted to serve her, I wanted to give my life to her, she was beautiful and in complete control of me and I knew that I would do anything for her.

**Part 3**

My training continued for the next two weeks. Each morning I would shower and shave my entire body and give myself an enema and insert a butt plug, the size of which increased as the days went by, before applying make up and finally dressing in whatever had been laid out for me, usually tights a corset and stockings followed by various dresses and high heeled shoes. I would then wait on all fours for Mistress Susan who would inspect my appearance. If I did not come up to standard I would be sent to the bondage bed and told to fasten myself to it and await punishment which was unrelenting and became harsher and harsher the more times that I failed. If Mistress thought that my efforts were to standard I was given lessons and exercises to complete such as correctly applying make up or walking in high heels. I also had chores to complete such as hand washing lingerie and hosiery.

Each evening I would be called to Mistresses sitting room and made to kneel before her she would put on a strap on and I would have to beg to suck it. Once given permission I would have to perform oral sex on it as though I were a real girl and I would have to swallow the entire length, each evening the size would increase and any failure to complete my task would result in punishment.

At no time during this two week period was I allowed to gain a complete erection or to orgasm although I was often rewarded for doing well by being allowed to give oral sex to Mistress. My chastity device was removed once a day by her to allow me to clean and shave but always under her strict supervision and if I began to get hard she had a small vicious whip which she would punish my member with until it went soft again.

Despite not being able to enjoy sexual release I relished every other aspect of my new life, I loved serving Mistress Susan and the fact that she had turned me into her sissy and I even loved her punishments being bound and at her mercy was wonderful and the warm stinging glow that her leather strap left was a constant reminder to try harder for her.

On the morning of the fifteenth day things took an unexpected turn I had just completed my ablutions and was about to begin my make up when the door opened, Mistress Susan came in and instructed me not to get made up but to dress as normal and follow the instructions on the bed. After she left I went into the bedroom to find on the bed the normal corset, tights, stockings and panties but also a long overcoat, a pair of thin trousers and a simple pair of trainers. Next to all of this was a note and a bus ticket, on the note was an address and instructions to take the bus to this address and ring the door bell and wait.

I did not have time to think about what I was doing I only had half an hour to get the bus and I knew that if I failed I would be punished. Once dressed I went out into the hall and to the front door, there was no one around and I went outside, down the street and found the bus stop indicated on the note. I had just made it the bus pulled up as I got to the stop, I got on and found a seat near the back. It was only then that I began to wonder what was going to happen.

I suddenly became aware that I was for the first time in two weeks outside in the open and although I had on the outer clothes I was still wearing perfume and after two weeks of acting feminine I was sure that someone would know and I became increasingly embarrassed, at each stop I prayed that no one would get on and sit next to me. This happened at the very next stop a big man dressed in work clothes like builders wear got on and sat down next to me, after all the feminine smells of the last two weeks the musky male smell of him was overpowering and I prayed that he didn’t want to start a conversation, I stared out of the window hoping not to be noticed and then another thought occurred to me what if he was staying on the bus after my stop. Panic engulfed me once again and for several stops I worried, my worry increased when I realized that my stop was next, my heart began to beat as I imagined squeezing past him and my coat falling open, it was a massive relief when the next stop came and he got up. My legs were trembling as I too got up and left the bus.

I quickly walked down the street and found the address and anxious to be inside and safe rang the bell. It seem ages before the door opened and a man dressed as a French maid ushered me in. I followed him to a room where I was instructed to remove my outer wear, apply make up and wait. This I did with a renewed keenness I was back in the world that I had come to know and love and it felt so much better than the harsh outside world.

Once I was ready I got onto all fours and waited, it wasn’t long before the maid returned and I was led to another room as the door opened I once again nearly died of embarrassment inside was nearly a dozen people, men and women all looking at me, in the centre of the room was a leather covered bondage bench and at the head of this a dark haired leather clad Mistress holding a long riding crop.

"Come here slut," she ordered, "and get on this bench".

Heart pounding I went over to the bench and positioned myself over it, the Mistress then tied my wrists and ankles securely to the bench before saying to me, "Mistress Susan has begun your training slut, now we are going to take you to the next stage."

She beckoned one of the men over, "You won the draw Brian and may go first." She said and before I had chance to wonder what she meant Brian was taking his clothes of in front of me and I suddenly realized what all the strap on training had been for.

The Mistress bent over and whispered into my ear, "You had better do well to please every one of us otherwise Mistress Susan will hear and you will be severely punished!"

She then nodded to Brian who was by now naked and had a huge hard on which he positioned in front of my mouth, I had no choice, I was going to have another mans cock in my mouth for the first time and I wanted it, I wanted to please Mistress Susan and more than anything I wanted to feel him shooting his load down my throat. I parted my lips and took him deep into my mouth, at the same time the Mistress had moved behind me and I felt a slight pressure at my rear before her strap-on slipped into me. The feeling was electric I was being used at both ends, now I really was a sissy slut and I loved it and wanted more and more and I got it. Over the next few hours every one in the room took their turn with me. I was just their sex toy but I didn’t care I couldn’t get enough.

Eventually I was released tired and exhausted, I was given back my outer clothes and another bus ticket, on the journey back to Mistress Susan I did not care if anyone knew my secret, my new life was wonderful and I hoped that I would have many more adventures like this one.
