---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Elbow Bondage Club 2
authors:
- '#author#'
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- bond
- latex
- gag
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2009-09-16 00:00:00
---

continued from [part one](elbow_bondage_club.html)

**ELBOW BONDAGE CLUB**  **(Chapters 6-9)**

English is not my first language, so please excuse the occasional bad grammar/spelling/wording.

**CHAPTER 6 - The Untouchable**

Five years ago Dita DeVille had allegedly been Montreal's most expensive dominatrix. The raven-haired beauty's trademark was the seven feet long leather whip she always carried with her. And it wasn't just an accessory, she made use of it frequently in her BDSM session.

Dita's clientele consisted mostly of male business tycoons and politicians. But being a secret lesbian she felt no sexual arousal when dominating and disciplining those men. On the contrary, Dita was disgusted by them and always wore shoulder length leather gloves to avoid touching them with her bare hands. And of course no one was allowed to ever touch her. This quickly garnered her the nickname "The Untouchable".

Dita had a reputation for being an extremely harsh dominatrix, which actually was only a reflection of her loathing "playing" with men. With a M.D. degree she knew exactly what buttons to push for a maximum response. She had even developed a special technique to keep a man on the verge of an orgasm for an extended amount of time, driving him crazy to the point where he was willing to double or even triple Dita's pay rate if only she would allow him to cum. Dita made use of this sneaky technique a lot and soon became wealthy enough to quit the job.

The day after Dita officially retired she got a call from Julia Langly and Laura Parker. A week later Dita was in San Francisco signing the contract to become the EBC's head mistress. For the first time Dita loved being a dominatrix as she now could fully embrace her lesbian orientation and live out her own sexual fantasies with the most beautiful women at her disposal.

5 years later Dita had effectively become the boss for the day-to-day business of the EBC. But thanks to a very competent assistant she had to spend only very little time doing paperwork in her office. Instead she preferred to wander around the mansion and watch attractive women in all types of sexy clothes play their kinky bondage games.

**CHAPTER 7 - Bad Barbie**

Dita was also responsible for enforcing the 'No Woman Is Safe' rule, something she really enjoyed doing. Today she had her eye on Maggie O'Hara, a dazzling blonde with long legs and a peculiar Barbie fetish. She always wore something pink to make her the spitting image of a Barbie doll.
Dita had been observing Maggie for nearly a month now and found herself very attracted to her. She couldn't stop fantasizing about disciplining this living Barbie doll with tight bondage and her trademark whip. Dita had been looking forward to today and had even prepared a special surprise for Maggie.

Maggie O'Hara parked her Mercedes in the mansion's parking lot. She took one last look in the rearview mirror to check her make-up before stepping out of the car. She wore a pink latex blazer, a pink knee-length pencil latex skirt and 6-inch pink patent stilettos. This was her 11th visit since she joined the EBC a month ago and she knew what that meant. Maggie was dominant by nature and up until now she had always assumed the dominant role in her "playdates". But of course she knew about the NWIS rule and that no member was allowed to be the dominant more than 10 times in a row.

Maggie had only been tied up once in her life, a month ago, when she applied for membership in the EBC. Julia Langly had personally vetted her to determine whether she met the necessary requirements. Part of the vetting process was to prove that one could handle strict elbow bondage for at least half an hour.

Maggie knew, from her yoga classes, that her elbows could easily come close together behind the back. But to her surprise, having them forced together with rope was much more difficult than she expected. Even though Julia had been very gentle when tying Maggie's arms behind her back, she had also been very thorough, making sure that those elbows were really completely touching.

The next 30 minutes Maggie had spent standing in a corner, leashed to some sort of metal rack. In addition to her tightly bound arms she had also been gagged with a harness bit gag. Maggie had never felt so helpless and exposed as she was forced to just stand there, her drool running down her chin and dripping onto her pink patent pumps. All the while Julia had been sitting at her desk, signing papers and making phone calls, barely paying any attention to Maggie.

Maggie shook off the memory, entered the mansion and immediately spotted Dita DeVille. She was wearing a black leather dress with matching shoulder length gloves and knee high stiletto boots. Attached to her broad belt was her signature whip. Three minutes later Maggie and Dita were in "Playroom 7", Dita's personal playroom.

**CHAPTER 8 - Girls Of Science**

Dressed in nothing but skimpy bikinis Tamee, Nicole and Jenna were relaxing in comfortable loungers near the shallow end of an indoor pool. Suddenly two women emerged from the water. Natalya Porizkova, a tall redhead, was wearing a wetsuit and Scuba gear. A long rope connected her right wrist to the waist of Allison Palmer, a stunning blonde, who was at least one head shorter than Natalya.
Allison wore only a white latex bikini and goggles. She had something in her mouth that at first glance looked like some sort of bit gag, but was actually a small breathing apparatus.
Natalya took the mouthpiece and the goggles from Allison before they both stepped out of the swimming pool. That's when Tamee, Nicole and Jenna noticed that Allison had her arms bound together behind her back with black rubber straps.

Natalya led Allison to a free lounger right next to Tamee. Allison slipped her feet into the 6-inch stiletto mules that were waiting there for her, while Natalya untied the rope around her right wrist, but only to use it to leash Allison to the armrest of the lounger.

"I want you to be a good girl and wait here for me while I change into something more comfortable." Natalya wrapped one arm around Allison's waist and pulled her close, pressing Allison's wet body against hers. With their lips no more than an inch apart Natalya whispered, "But don't you dare sit down. I have no desire to lie in a wet lounger when I'm back." Allison moaned longingly, hoping for a kiss to release some of the sexual tension she felt. But Natalya pulled back and just walked away, leaving a frustrated Allison behind.
 
As soon as Natalya had left Tamee introduced herself, Nicole and Jenna to Allison. To their surprise she knew who they were. "Natalya and I are the resident scientists. We have developed most of the unique sex and bondage toys you'll find here at the EBC. That's why we are always informed when there is an inaugural test for new dominatrix applicants. We need to prep the toys necessary for the test."

Allison grinned at Tamee, "I heard you actually already had an encounter with one of my toys?"

Tamee looked puzzled at first but then blushed, "You mean those magnetic rings? They were absolutely brutal!"

Allison laughed, "They are supposed to be, my dear. But I have built in a safety precaution. Small infrared light sensors on the surface of the rings monitor the blood flow and a couple of additional semiconducting sensors detect the electrical impulses in the nerves. As soon as one of those parameters reaches a critical level the magnetic field shuts down automatically."

"Mine must have been defective then. My arms were totally numb, but the rings never deactivated", Tamee complained.

"Numbness in the arms is normal with elbow bondage, only when they start to 'burn' it gets critical", Allison lectured.

"Well, I felt only a slight tingling sensation", Tamee admitted, "but nonetheless, those rings were awfully uncomfortable and eventually caused me quite some pain."

"The proper functionality of those Mag-Rings is tested twice a month", Allison assured Tamee, "Either by myself or by one of my lab assistants, like Natalya."

"Natalya is your assistant?" Nicole was surprised, "It certainly looked like she is the one in charge."

"For this playdate she indeed is. Occasionally I let her dominate me, and as you can see she doesn't go easy on me." Allison turned around to show off her bound arms. An up-close look revealed that the black rubber straps were digging deep into Allison's skin, forcing her elbows to touch very hard.

"Ouch! This must really hurt", Jenna remarked.

"It does, but in a good way." Allison winked, "Although, if Natalya doesn't untie me within the next half hour, I'll probably get very cranky."

"Then I'll just put a big gag in your mouth." Natalya has returned. Instead of the wetsuit she was now wearing a red one-piece bathing suit with matching red stiletto sandals. "In fact, I think I'm gonna gag you right now." Natalya pulled out a bag from under the lounger and produced a huge ballgag with an engraved "D" from it.

"No... not the 'Drooler'." Allison shook her head vigorously and clenched her teeth. But after a minute the ballgag was not only in her mouth but she was already drooling. Allison shot an angry look at Natalya who was now relaxing in the lounger with her eyes closed.

Nicole couldn't help but ask, "How did you get her to start drooling so fast?"

Without opening her eyes Natalya answered, "The surface of the gag is impregnated with a substance that stimulates the production of saliva. Pretty Allison here won't be able to stop drooling excessively onto herself for the next 15 minutes."

Allison protested strongly through the gag and stomped her feet on the ground. Natalya opened her eyes, grabbed the leash and pulled Allison down on her knees. "Behave or I'll get the cane!" Natalya patted Allison on the cheek. "I have just introduced you to BUW and this is the thanks I get?"

But before Allison could retort anything Jenna interrupted, "What's BUW?"

"BUW stands for 'Bondage Under Water'. It's quite amazing." Natalya started raving about it, "Being under water is like floating through empty space. You are weightless, you feel free and easy. Now imagine being stringently bound. You cannot move, you feel utterly helpless and vulnerable. When being bound under water those two completely opposite feelings come together and create a totally new, unique sensation"

Allison started moaning sensually, remembering, while rubbing her thighs against each other. Natalya laughed, "You are just dying to cum, aren't you?" Allison nodded and pleaded with her eyes. Natalya smiled devilishly, "Lucky you. I finished the prototype of our 'LubriGasm' cream last night. Let's see if you enjoy it as much as I did."

Natalya put some transparent cream on her fingers before slipping her hand into Allison's latex panty. All the while she explained to Tamee, Nicole and Jenna, "Instead of inducing an orgasm mechanically with a vibrator or a dildo, LubriGasm does it chemically. The cream consists of the same chemicals and hormones that are released by the brain during sexual arousal and intercourse. Of course we had to add a few other ingredients, but basically we are just copying mother nature. Although, I couldn't resist improving the natural formula a bit."

With her friend's fingers gently rubbing and even penetrating her most sacred body part, Allison could feel she was only moments away from getting the sexual relieve she was so desperately yearning for. But to her dismay Natalya withdrew her hand just seconds before she could reach orgasm. In futile protest she groaned loudly into her gag.

"Don't be so impatient, sweetheart. I promise, once the cream has been absorbed by the tissue you'll be coming harder and longer then ever before." Natalya grabbed the leash and pulled Allison close, "And when you do, I want you to look at my face."

It took about two minutes until intense pleasure waves swept through Allison's body, causing her to quiver and scream in ecstasy. But these were only a precursor to what was to come. Allison looked straight into Natalya's eyes when the big tsunami wave hit her. The absolute sexual bliss it gave her seemed to last an eternity, and all Allison could think about was how beautiful Natalya was.

**CHAPTER 9 - Tit For Tat**

Maggie was stunned. She was standing in a large, fully mirrored room. Not just the four walls, but also the ceiling and the floor were entirely covered with big mirrors. And due to that she couldn't just see one, but multiple mirror images of herself. At first it made her a little dizzy, but her brain adapted quickly to this new environment. Being a vain person Maggie instantly fell in love with this room, as she could see herself from all kinds of different angles without having to contort her body.

Maggie's thoughts were interrupted by a jovial, yet firm voice, "Mirror, mirror on the wall, who has been the naughtiest of them all?" Dita smirked as she circled Maggie.

Maggie just smiled back. She had learned about Dita's infatuation for her a while ago and had decided to take advantage of it. She knew, if she played her cards right she could push her own mischievous agenda.

Four weeks ago Maggie first noticed that Dita was observing her more closely than other members. She shrugged it off as standard procedure. It seemed logical that new members were watched with scrutiny in their first week. But then she overheard snippets of a conversation between Yukie Toyama, Dita's personal assistant, and Natalya from the science lab. Apparently Dita wanted some custom made toys that would match with Maggie's Barbie fetish.

The next day Yukie received an invitation for a playdate from Maggie. Being a former ballet dancer Yukie didn't just have a perfect figure but also an above average flexible body. Nonetheless she rarely received offers for playdates. Probably because she was only known as Dita's assistant and therefore considered by many as off-limits. Hence Yukie was more than happy to accept Maggie's invitation.

Two days later Yukie was dressed in a french maid uniform, ready to serve her new mistress. Maggie took full advantage of Yukie's great flexibility and put her in a suspended pretzel hogtie that was so strict that the heels of her expensive Ferragamo stilettos were actually touching the back of her head. In addition she was gagged with an O-ring, because Maggie loved french kissing her victims.

The tight ropes, the suspension, the sensual touch of a beautiful woman... Yukie was on cloud nine. She felt a strong urge to please her mistress every which way, afraid that otherwise the sexual bliss would end. Maggie recognized the look in Yukie's eyes. It was the look of total surrender. Maggie smiled.

After the playdate with Yukie Maggie now knew for sure that Dita had developed a strong infatuation for her. Unfortunately Yukie didn't have any information on those custom toys that Dita had ordered other than their due date.

Yukie did spill the beans about another secret though. Dita had a copy of the video that showed Maggie being thoroughly vetted by Julia Langley. And apparently Dita enjoyed watching the part where Maggie was strictly elbow bound and bitgagged the most. A screenshot from that video, where Maggie was drooling profusely onto herself, had even become Dita's desktop wallpaper.

Maggie couldn't help but chuckle when she heard that. "If Miss DeVille wants to tie me up so badly, maybe I should let her", Maggie thought to herself, "but it will sure cost her a steep price."

The sharp sound of Dita's whip cracking transported Maggie's mind back to the present.

"You have been naughty, Miss O'Hara!" Dita cocked her head and gave Maggie a condescending look. "During your last ten visits to the mansion you have always assumed the dominant role, never allowing anyone to turn the tables on you."

Maggie smiled tauntingly, "Well, correct me if I'm wrong, Miss DeVille, but doesn't the NWIS rule state 'You must not be dominant MORE than 10 times in a row'? That would mean, as long as I allow someone to tie me up today, on my 11th visit, I won't violate the NWIS rule."

"I know your type very well, Miss O'Hara. Your vanity won't allow you to submit to just anyone. And certainly not to someone you look down on." Dita teetered in her stiletto boots to the wall closest to her and pushed lightly against the mirror. Silently a part of the mirror opened up to reveal a hidden compartment where an assorted collection of bondage paraphernalia was displayed on shelves. "Your pride demands that nothing less than a strong authority figure may have the privilege to turn you into a helpless damsel in distress", Dita continued.

"Miss DeVille, you are not suggesting that I pick you for the job, are you?" Maggie played dumb. "Don't you have a busy schedule? Could you even spare the time to play with me?"

Dita grabbed two pink leather straps and approached Maggie. "My dear, for you I would take the whole day off."

To Maggie's satisfaction Dita behaved exactly like she expected. "There is only one little caveat, Miss DeVille. I have already promised your assistant Yukie that I would let her be the one to tie me up today", Maggie lied.

Dita was stumped for a second. "Yukie? Trust me, there is no way someone as nice as her could tame a vixen like you."

Maggie laughed, "Well, I am willing to reconsider my choice... under one condition."

Dita smiled knowingly, "Oh, I'm pretty sure I can guess what you are after". She offered the two leather straps she was holding to Maggie. "To be honest, I would have been disappointed if you hadn't tried to play this card".

Maggie took the leather straps with a triumphant look on her face. "So what time limit do you suggest? One hour?"

Dita walked back to the wall and pushed against another part of the mirror. A panel with different colored buttons revealed itself. Dita pushed the yellow button and a large LED display embedded within the mirror showed the current time.

"Tit for tat, Miss O'Hara". Dita pointed at the clock. "Every minute I have to spend as your plaything, you will later equally spend as mine. So choose wisely how long you want to keep me tied up."

Maggie placed the pink leather straps back on the shelf. "How long our session will last won't depend solely on me, Miss DeVille. It will also depend to a great extent on your stamina." Maggie cautiously knocked at the mirror wall. "I hope these mirrors don't break easily."

"The mirrors in this room are special polycarbonate mirrors with a titanium nitride overcoat, making them not only extremely scratch resistant, but also virtually unbreakable", Dita reassured Maggie. "So don't you worry, Miss O'Hara, no matter what you do, you won't be able to break the mirrors... or me."

"You better not challenge me, Miss DeVille", Maggie grinned amused, "I have something in store for you I know you won't like."
