---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Anna and a Dangerous Man
authors:
- Paultt
tags:
- FF
- cafe
- M/f
- date
- dance
- bond
- naked
- rope
- collar
- vibe
- tease
- denial
- climax
- sex
- outdoors
- shackles
- cuffs
- chain
- toys
- insert
- cons
- X
date: 2018-10-01 00:00:00
---

Don’t trust him.

**Chapter 1.**

"He is sweet!" Anna whispered to her best friend Helen.

Helen looked across at the retreating back of a shortish man wandering off. Helen had a slight history with the man and wouldn’t call him sweet. Dangerous maybe a fun nice guy but once he got to know you he was scary. They had only spent a couple of weeks as a couple but she had enjoyed it and would have had a longer relationship if he had wanted her to. But she didn’t dislike him that much considering he had decided to end it. So he must be something like sweet as she didn’t normally like her ex’s.

"Yeah he is sweet." Her voice heavy with ironic humour. "That’s Matt!"

Anna looked across at the man as he helped an old lady onto the local bus before carrying on walking his dog down the main street in the village out towards the river.

"That’s MATT! The Matt? rope burn Matt?" Anna’s voice had gone up enough for the couple on the next table to look up.
"I wouldn’t have guessed." She continued. "He isn’t your type at all. You like them tall and hard looking he is a pussy cat. That Lab loves him. And he seems so charming." They had just had a lovely chat drinking a cappuccino sat outside the local café.

Helen had said hello and invited him over for a chat as he walked by with the dog bidding him to sit with them. And Anna was impressed with him and the dog who had sat by the man and only come to her side when Matt had nodded to it. Matt himself was cute if short and funny.

"Don’t forget he is also a little different." Helen said rubbing her wrists absent mindedly as Anna watched the figure climb the steps onto the river bank sending the lab off into a search pattern.

"But you liked him enough to let him do those things to you."

Anna was Helen’s best friend and she had asked Anna if this was normal. The bondage and tying up before and during sex. Anna didn’t know, but believed you could and should try anything as long as it wasn’t Morris Dancing or incest.

"Don’t tell me you fancy him?" Helen looked hard at her friend.

She grinned back at her. "No but he could lead to some interesting sex if what you told me was true"

"OH it was fun, but it scared me a lot at first and Helen looked wide eyed at her friend, I didn’t know you wanted casual sex!" She looked at her friend and smiled a little. "But as you get to trust him what isn't, becomes the norm, edgy and he stretches your boundaries. Depending how broad minded you are." she smiles at her the memory.

Helen didn’t like the look Anna had in her eyes as she looked down the road to where Matt had now disappeared.

"Why is he dangerous?" Anna asked.

"He can read your thoughts, or so it seemed to me. I’ve read fifty shades same as you." watching Anna’s eyes light up. "No! he doesn’t have a red room of pain?" Anna laughs.

She laughs, as Helen continues, "And no his body is not as toned as Gray's but he can tell when you can take more and if you are thinking of upping the game!" she shudders a little at the memory.

Helen wasn’t making it easy for Anna to find out much more about Matt and where to "Accidentally bump into him" as Anna grew more curious and wanted to meet him as the week went on.

She liked risk and experimenting. Always had done.

Helen worried about her best friend she knew of her love of bad boys. Matt was a lot more. It had only taken a week for her to realise that he was more than she could deal with. Anna was a lot tougher than she was and she knew her friend wouldn’t be dumped, pregnant and alone, but he was the devil in disguise.

Anna wasn’t sure if her friend was trying to protect her or was a little jealous. She claimed that she had a hell of a lot of fun with Matt while with him. Best sex ever! was the statement at the time. Anna though was persistent. She knew he worked in the local estate agents so…. A week later she had got a date with him.

He had remembered her from the café and had chatted without mentioning Helen with Anna using his dog as the talking point to start her quest off.

Now Anna was a little nervous.

The pub meal had gone well. He was as described, sweet and attentive. Great company and now she was back at his farm house. The lab was sat her feet and Matt was being very funny and they were laughing as they had all night.

He had a way of putting you at ease she thought.

The big comfy sofa was soft and she thought she could have dropped off to sleep if it wasn’t for the large hint of excitement running through her. He wasn’t good looking in the classic sense but he was attractive enough for her to fancy him. Anna tried to work out if she was more attracted to him or some of the stuff Helen said they had done.

So, first date sex. Why not. Anna thought I'm old enough to make that decision. But Helen had warned her he was a little different. At 33 she had a few relationships and even been married in her twenties so she knew a lot about the fun side of life, and also the shit side, this made her view life as if it was a time to be lived for.

And to be truthful she liked sex. It had to be good sex though. Dan, her last ex had found out that roses and chocolates didn’t make up for his thrust, pump, roll over and go to sleep version.

Helen’s shock at what Matt had done to her had sounded fun to Anna if a little "Fifty shades-ish."

Matt looked across at her and smiled. "Well I can take you home or as its Saturday and my day off tomorrow you can stay and we can have a fun easy day. You choose."

"Will my virtue be safe if I stay with thee, my lord?" she had put on her best am-dram peasants voice. She grinned at him as he looked at her with glee.

Classic FM was playing the soft film score from the film The Piano in the back ground and he held out his hand and as she stood up he eased her into his arms for a dance.

"That is your choice my girl" he had dropped in to a fake accent himself.

"NAH!" she said loudly, "Let’s have some fun. I'm a big girl and can look after myself."

He kissed her neck and she bent down and kissed his lips. At five foot ten Anna was a head taller than him and he grinned at her.

"I hope my height won’t be a problem" he muttered as he kissed her hard.

Anna spun away in a twirl softly coming back in to his arms.

"Oh, we are all the same height laying down, aren’t we?" She grinned at his look of surprise.

"I have two brothers who are taller than me, one is married to a 5 footer, so no heights not a issue. Plus from what Helen told me height definitely won't matter!"

Matt looked shocked. "She told you what we did?" He laughed continuing, "So you know about me and still come here. You must be open minded?"

"We know you, as Matt." She paused for effect, "Rope burn Matt"

He did look a little embarrassed now. Anna laughed and kissed his lips. "Why did you finish with her?"

"I liked her a lot. But she just wasn’t the one. I don’t know if there ever will be the one."

"There's a challenge if ever I heard one!" Anna kissed him again.

The tempo of the music had changed and he danced nicely into a tango. Pulling her close as she rubbed her leg against his hard on.

"You can dance Matt I'll give you that."

"You're not so bad yourself" she grinned taking the compliment.

"Mums are a wonderful thing." he laughed.

She bent down and kissed him hard again.

"Show me how you dance in bed, hopefully your mum didn’t teach you that!" She laughed and watched him grin as he twirled her towards the stairs liking his smile.

\* \* \*

That was four weeks ago and she had to admit the sex and the company was amazing. She was falling in love with him which Helen had said is one of the dangerous things about him. Although she hoped he was with her, as much as she could tell he seemed keen on her. She thought it was love, but it might just be lust.

He was dangerous, though. He had the ability to read her mind. Helen had said as much and was bloody right. She and Helen had chatted about this a lot. He had picked up on her submissive side straight away. Now she knew what Helen meant about him knowing about how to read and process her darkest thoughts.

Now four weeks into her relationship with him here she was naked, and in a little pain from her shoulders and where the cuffs on her legs were rubbing, in the cool mornings air looking at the river. Her wrists cuffed behind her back with solid police type cuffs, her elbows also cuffed but with the normal 3 link type making her shoulders ache. It had seemed a good idea last night when he had sort of suggested it. And she had jumped at the idea. It was going be a nice summers evening, a naked stroll he had suggested.

Her legs cuffed in leg irons which joined to a waist chain with was threaded through her legs and pulled tight and round the wrist cuffs holding them close to her back. And those bloody balls he had placed inside her, constantly moving had made her come twice on the way down the hill.

He hadn't mentioned she would be walking back alone either. "the git" she thought as she looked in the early light of dawn for a way across the fast flowing stream.

Her nice new trainers were ruined as she had come down a long muddy track across from the of one of the moors hilltop but she was glad for the protection. She would have to get walking boots next time. Next time she laughed to herself I must be mad.

It had been a long drive from the farm.

Matt's hand on her thigh as she sat naked but UN-chained in the front seat of his defender as they took some concentrate up to his sheep on the moor top, his idea of a stroll had been such a horny idea. She had even carried the chains for him as he had his hands full with the bags of concentrate. Just her and her man walking across a moor with her in chains she thought waiting for him to bend her over a stone wall and give her a good rogering really turned her on.

"Ha beat that Heathcliffe!" she thought thinking back to her days of reading the classics.

Now though she wasn't so sure it was a great idea. Yes she was horny and dripping with lust. Of all her fantasies this was the one she now wished he hadn't got out of her.

As he locked everything on her she had smiled at him, walking in the field struggling to keep her balance as the sheep rushed and bumped against her as Matt shuck the bag spreading its contents all around for the hungry sheep.

He had helped her back over the stile so her ankle chains didn't catch on the x piece and down the steps on the other side. Then kissing her and playing with her breasts he had tugged on the front of her belly chain rubbing her clit with the links buried between her lips. She had sighed and waited for him to unlock it and fuck her stupid.

Just as she was about to orgasm he stopped kissed her hard and laughed. "See you had home darling. Pointing to a light in the distance he continued, "Head for that light, I will be waiting with champagne and a dip in the hot tub."

Climbing into the Land rover he waved and laughed as she shouted, "You better have more than a drink waiting for me!" and she watched him drive off.

"The bastard!" she sighed as the lights bumped off down the hill.

On the plus side she was showing she could adapt and survive. She also knew if she met someone on her walk back she could be in trouble in more ways than anyone thought possible. At least she was safe from rape. Well unless they carried bolt croppers, that dammed chain was tight she giggled to herself. Just having a pee was difficult. She had resolved it by pressing her back against a tree and holding herself up in a semi squatting position but the tension on her legs made it difficult to pee.

Now she was nearly at the end of her journey and although she could see the farm she did wonder how to get across. She lent against a tree waiting for it to get lighter. Surely at 5am no one would be about much as Matt's farm was very isolated so she should be OK.

The moon which had helped her on her walk back down off the moor had dropped behind a hill so she was back in semi darkness again. The water looked cold if she fell in it was a worry that she might not get out. The river was at the back of Matt's farm and she was trying to remember where the bridge was to get back from where had dropped her off.

Now though she started thinking back to that first night when she had started down this path, when she had found out that she liked his world of rope and chain. Her first night tied bent over the end of his four poster bed, unable to move a inch while he vibrated her to orgasm after orgasm was a real eye opener and to be truthful the thing she needed in her sex life.

They had discussed what he had done with Helen. And was she shocked by it.

"I'm game to try most things and Helen is a little less adventurous than me so I try above what you did to her if we can." Then she would know if she was going to continue with the relationship. A little shocked but very pleasantly surprised by his honesty she agreed to starting up in the middle.

"No point messing about!" she had grinned at him. "I’m here to try the sex. Then if we like each other we can go for it. It’s the modern way"

"I think I’m going to like you." he had laughed and opened a big pine blanket box and pulled out some rope. Passing her a leather collar. "Buckle this on yourself. Fairly tight then we won’t get a rope burn like Helen did!" He smiled. "Do you have any body issues?"

She shook her head, "Okay then get naked and stand by the end of the bed."

Anna was a little taken aback by his quickness but in for a penny. Plus Helen knew where she was. So if she disappeared at least the police knew where to start looking for her body. Grinning to herself she had stepped over to a chair and without trying to be sexy just stripped off her dress feeling desire sweeping through her. I like the risk she thought. Helen was a good judge of character. But she was on the edge here, she had read a lot of bondage stories since Helen had introduced them and now she might be about to act one out.

"All of it or do you want me to leave these on?" she pointed to her stockings and shoes.

Matt had had his back to her while she stripped off and she was pleased by his wide eyed look and the whistle he gave on turning round with some more rope.

"Wow you're amazing!" He smiles at her admiring her large breasts, she wasn’t thin but by god he thought, 'she has the body for bondage.'

"My plan is to bend you over then tie you so you cannot move and make you come until you beg me to stop. You up for it?" he grinned.

"Well you let Helen go afterwards so I don’t see why not. Do your worst" she grinned.

"Okay! tight it is then. If you don’t like something say amber and if you want me to stop red. Boring I know but it’s a safety thing. As no doesn’t always mean no." He took her hand and kissed it.

Holding her hand he walked her to the end of the bed and stood her facing up the bed picking up one of the lengths of rope he had dropped on it. Anna watched as he unravelled it and doubled it through itself and taking her left wrist wrapped it round and round it, tying it off leaving a long tail. He took her right one and did the same.

Anna looked at the rope on her wrist. And smiled at him as he bent down to her ankles and did the same to them. His nose was at her bum level and she wonder if the romance would be broken if she farted in his face. He looked at her as she giggled at the thought.

"Nothing, just a thought. Carry on!" she laughed. As he kissed her bum cheek.

A longer length of rope came next. With two shorter ones.

"Can you breath in a little?" he asked as he doubled the rope up again and circled her waist making sure the rope didn’t go over the top of each wrap.

Anna realised it was like a corset. Her stomach was doing flips and her desire was building, when he got to half of the rope used he took one of the small ones and held it at the side of her tummy and asked her to hold it there.

Holding the other small length himself he continued to wrap her waist trapping both ropes on either side. When he tied it off tight she struggled to breath a little.

"How's that, you want a little more? Before the fun starts?"

Looking down at her rope wrapped body she raised a quizzical eye brow, "You can put more on?" she asked.

Matt grinned, "I can oh thank you!"

"Er no that wasn't what I said!" she grins. "But I suppose you can if you want!" as he hadn't tied her to anything yet she didn't see a problem and she was already turned on.

"Well I'm thinking as I have you at my mercy I may as well see if I can secure you properly." while he was saying this he had pulled out some more rope out the bottomless drawer he was getting it all from.

She watched him place two lengths on the bed and the walk to her with the other two these seemed longer. Passing her one to hold he undid his and doubled it up threading the loose ends through the loop she watches bemused, as he took hold of her breast and tightened the loop over the base of her right boob, easing it right up to her chest wall, her boob turned into a ball as he wrapped the rope round it before splitting the ends and tied a not on the offside of it leaving a lot of rope left.

He looked in her eyes. "Okay?" she nodded as it wasn't a unpleasant feeling her boobs were big anyway. This made it about the size of a beach volley ball.

Matt then did the same to the other. Anna found all this preparation a huge turn on. She wondered why he had left the lengths of rope hanging off her, more was soon added to it as he looped the other two lengths through the rings on either side of the collar.

"Okay shall we start?" he grinned at her as he turned her to show her the reflection of her in the mirror.

"I thought we already had!"

She looked hot. She liked the rope as it hid her slightly bulging tummy and made her breasts huge.

"Wow I look hot!" she grinned. And lifted her hands to her breasts and held the weight of them in her hands admiring how taught and smooth her skin was.

Matt had placed a pillow over the wooden bed rail at the end of the bed and brought out a sheepskin rug and laid it on the bed.

"Come my lady and you shall enjoy the pleasure of my labours!" holding out his hand he guided her to the foot of the bed.

Bending her over the rail he asked her to reach out to the top corners of the bed and tying her left arm to a ring at the head board base he knotted it and shot to the other side tying that wrist to the other. She was amazed by the speed he worked. Next he pulled her legs apart tying them off as far apart as she could go. This placed her weight on her hips and her belly.

Next the ropes from her collar went up to ring in the middle of the head board, these went either side of her head thus making her head movement difficult holding her face down on the rug. Her waist ropes went out to the sides holding her waist tight. He then opens the two ends of her breast ropes out and ran them out to two rings on each side of the bed in a v shape and all tugged tight until she was held immobile. The sheepskin rug was tickling her engorged nipples, and the tightness of all her bonds was making her ache, she was turned on.

"So what's next then?" she asked light heartedly hoping he didn't start chanting and sharpening a knife.

She heard him moving behind her and expected his cock just thrust up her as most blokes would have done. To be honest she was finding the restrictions a turn as was her vulnerability. A soft stroke up and down between her lips as if to prove to him her arousal made her shiver. Then a cool blow of air followed by a long lick top to bottom made her knees weak. She groaned and his continued oral attack on her made her first orgasm arrive with speed and force.

The little movement she had, added to her next one as he ran a Hitachi wand between her pussy and her clit.

The next one he held off.

Every time she got to the edge he slowed it down playing her like a musical instrument by listening to the sounds and gasps she made.

"Do you want to come again Anna?" he asked as she dropped down from the edge of a third near climax.

'Oh you know I do!' she thought, "Do your worse you swine!" she managed to say in her play voice from earlier.

Her gasp and grunted "bastard" as he thrust a large dildo into her made him smile. She had spirit and he liked her.

Anna meanwhile was biting her lip and trying to orgasm just to spite him. Her boobs throbbed to her heart beats pump. This made her nipples stroke the soft fleece of the rug. And the things he was doing to her below made her want to roll her eyes up to the top of her head and groan out loud. He was bloody good. Slowly pulling the dildo half out he dropped the Hitachi on to the shaft of the dildo and the vibrations ran around her stretched pussy lips. Boom!! her mind exploded.

He waited for her to calm down, and continued his torture of her until he judged her at the end of her tether so to speak, and then rolled himself on a condom and slowly inserted himself into her.

Her laugh surprised him.

"Good god your tougher than I thought." She laughed. "Most other blokes would have fucked the arse off me a lot earlier!"

She was bloody amazing, he thought and picked up the speed of his thrusts.
Soon the only sound in the room was her moans of passion and the slap of bodies as he pounded to a climax.

She laid in his arms later as he stroked and kissed her neck as he cuddled.

"Nice?" he asked.

"All of it is great. I like it all. When can we do it again?"

And so they did.

Anna wondered now why she hadn't safe worded before he left her on the top of the moor.

But this was why he was dangerous man. He could see inside her fantasy. Now that her fantasies had started to play out she felt she was in a very strange place. Her mind was she thought as she had to admit the light of the dawn was superb. She had to admit she was looking forward to these different challenges he put in front of her. She sighed and stood up right. "Well I better get back now I need a bath and a shag!"

She looked to the right and followed the bank of the river as it went round a bend at the back of the big red barn, trying to see the bridge into the back of the farm.

She looks again, confused, "Hang on!" she thought, "He doesn't have a red barn!"
