---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/laura_maggie.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Laura and Maggie
authors:
- Donny Writer
tags:
- M/ff
- bond
- toys
- ether
- nc
- X
---

**Laura and Maggie: Overture and
beginners.**

 

Laura Wilson got off the bus which
stopped at the end of her road and, swinging a large gym bag, turned into
Anderson Drive. It was a warm spring evening and she was looking forward to
collapsing in front of some mindless TV with her house mate Maggie Harrison,
which would also probably involve a bottle of wine. 

She had known Maggie for about 6 years
when they were dancers, working a number of gigs together and usually pairing up
when they were on tour.  Now they
had moved in together, renting a house about 12 months ago. Their comradeship
had embraced a new line of work after dancing, when Laura got Maggie a job at
the theatrical agency where she had found work when the dance opportunities
started to fade away.

Considering they had spent a great part
of their lives together and continued to do so, everyone remarked how they were
so very different.  Maggie was a
fairly brash, noisy and striking 5’ 10” leggy woman who always gave the air
of being in control.  Laura on the
other hand was a little shorter, more diffident and with her long red
pre-Raphaelite hair, freckles and button nose could pass for 5 years younger
than Maggie – though in fact she was 2 years older.

Maggie also had a boyfriend - Jake –
who was talk, dark & creepy.  Laura
thought he was a little geeky and self-involved but something about him seemed
to appeal to Maggie.  He was very
good at DIY and Maggie and Laura were both grateful for the work he had done for
them in the house. They had been going out for about 10 months, but it had not
been without its occasional spats of irrational argument and spectacular
door-slamming. Maggie and Jake had a very active sex life (which Laura regularly
had to listen to through the adjoining bedroom wall). Laura however was
currently single and, if she had any, took out her frustrations with her current
best friend Mr Rabbit.

Laura was also a part time yoga teacher
and in fact it was a post-work private teaching session that she was returning
from this evening.  She had intended
going to the cinema with a guy she had met through the office, Peter, but her
potential new boyfriend had stood her up at last minute and she didn't fancy
going to the cinema on her own.

She turned her key in the lock at
7.30pm, and stumbling through the front door she was surprised to find Jake
apparently alone in their house and acting rather oddly.  He was pacing up and down with a very pre-occupied look on his face and
seemed startled to see Laura.  She
dumped her bag, containing her yoga mat and gear and decided she ought to find
out what was going on.

"Hi Jake, where's Maggie? I thought
you were hooking up tonight?"

"Yeah, we were, but I just had a
call from her, saying she was tied up at work and won’t be home for at least a
couple of hours. Weren't you supposed to be going to the multiplex with that new
guy Pete?"

"He blew me out because something
urgent came up, so I just came home" said Laura.

Laura suspected Jake was not telling her
the whole truth as Maggie had left the agency an hour before she went to her
yoga session! But she thought I am not Maggie's keeper so keep out of it - if
Maggie was winding Jake up, it was not her problem was it? Little did she
realise how both prophetic and ironic that thought was.

Laura started tidying the house and
loading the dishwasher, which included searching for mugs and plates lying
around the flat.  She quickly
cleared up downstairs and them realised there were some cups and plates missing,
neither in the dishwasher nor in the kitchen cupboard. She knew only too well
that Maggie had the deplorable habit of growing alien life forms in coffee cup
dregs under her bed.  “That’s
where they’ll be” she thought, going upstairs onto the half-landing which
led into Maggie's bedroom.

As she gripped the door knob, she heard
a strange noise from within the bedroom – which surprised her because she knew
Jake was downstairs in the lounge. Laura decided to investigate.

When the door creaked open she could
barely believe her eyes. She was shocked to the core by the sight of Maggie tied
over the bed in a semi-hanging strappado. Her hips were balanced on Laura’s
large yoga exercise ball, her head fastened to the foot rail by rope through a
d-ring on a wide black collar which tightly circled her neck. Thin elastic
nooses ran tautly from the bed posts to her nipples. Maggie's feet were crossed,
with her knees drawn to the sides of the bed by smooth black rope. Her arms were
bound together at elbows and wrists, with the wrist rope connected to a large
hook screwed into the central ceiling beam athwart the bed.

Maggie's shoulders were pulled harshly
back and the angle she was forced to maintain by the rest of her bondage was
putting increased stress on her 36D breasts which through her captured nipples
were yanked sideways into painfully elongated cone shapes.

It all looked very painful, but there
was more. Any movement caused added stress for Maggie, but she was finding it
very hard to keep still. She was receiving mains-powered stimulation via a cable
from the wall socket and a transformer lying between her widespread knees. Laura
could hear a familiar low buzz from between Maggie's thighs. A ball gag and
blindfold completed her bondage attire and she was naked but for black thigh
highs. Sweat pooled on her lower back and drool dripped down one of the bars at
the foot of the bed, a spider's web of saliva linking the ball gag to the rope
around the bed frame. Juices were running down her thighs, dripping onto the
bed, her hips wriggling as the vibrator maintained its relentless onslaught on
Maggie's senses.

Laura stared horrified at the sight in
front of her and did not make a sound for about 10 seconds – though she had
tried a little love bondage with a previous boyfriend they had not got anywhere
near this extreme. Even so she was a little turned on by the sight of her
closest friend in sexual torment. So absorbed was she that Laura did not hear
Jake coming up the stairs behind her.

Hearing the door open Maggie raised
sightless eyes toward the source of the sounds and muttered a deep felt groan -
the movement seemed to tip her over the edge into another painful orgasm which
was revealed by a sudden stiffening of her limbs, her hands clutching at air and
a high pitched nasal squeal fighting past her heavily gagged mouth.

"She is learning a lesson"
said Jake, making Laura jump as he mouthed the words into her ear.

"What ... look we have to untie
her, whatever she has done, Maggie doesn't deserve this - she is obviously
hurting, you are torturing her" shouted Laura

"Typical women, always sticking
together - I guess you don't really care how I feel about being cheated on
..."

Laura half-turned and stared at him.
"Cheating on you? She is doing no such thing ... we are very close and she
would have told me if there had been someone else. I do not think she has looked
at another bloke since she has been seeing you."  She turned away from him and made as if to enter the bedroom
and rescue her friend.

At this piece of information Jake's eyes
narrowed and a strange look came over his face. Unseen by Laura he unravelled a
white cotton bag he had been carrying behind his back.

"Look, even if you are not going to
help, I am going to let her down" continued Laura determinedly. "Do
you know where the sci...mmmph!"

Jake used the cloth bag which was soaked
in sickly ether to subdue Laura, exactly the same procedure he had used to catch
Maggie off guard a couple of hours earlier.  Laura struggled in Jake’s tight grasp but could find no purchase to
force him to remove the bag.  Her
wriggling gradually subsided and after a minute or so Laura became a dead weight
in Jake's arms. He then lowered her none too gently to the bedroom floor.
"So you and Maggie are close eh? Perhaps you are the reason she wanted to
dump me - I think I can get the truth out of both of you with a little
persuasion."

Jake began to pull off Laura's Capri
pants and t-shirt. On the bed Maggie groaned again though whether this was due
to aching muscles, the fire burning in her loins or hearing that Laura had been
falsely accused and captured was impossible to tell

--  “  --

Laura came to slowly with what felt like
her head stuffed with cotton wool, a dry  mouth
and the sort of aches and pains one would normally associate with a heavy dose
of flu. Slowly the dark clouds receded and she began to recall Maggie's
predicament and Jake's violent behaviour. She realised that the cotton wool in
her head was mainly due to a wad of material packing her mouth and the muscle
aches were because she was tied up very tightly.  She tried forcing the packing from her mouth but it was held
in by something wrapped around her face. An exploration of the rest of her
complete lack of freedom of movement told her that Jake had placed her in a
severe hogtie.

Her elbows were lashed together, each
wrist then tied to an ankle with a rope pulling upward through the elbow tie
which put a lot of strain on her shoulders.  Her calves and ankles were frog-tied very tight so that her heels were
rubbing into the curve of her buttocks.  Already
she could barely feel her feet, and she dreaded the thought of how painful the
return of proper circulation would be. Some more rope was tied in a sort of open
bra harness which squeezed her breasts. She could feel a crotch rope rubbing
roughly on her clitoris and separate strands separating her labia.  The rough rope Jake had used was causing an awkward itch in the most
intimate of areas. Tight clamps on her labial lips, connected by some sort of
elastic around her buttocks, held her nether lips open.  Oh, and she was naked.

Laura could hear Maggie behind her and
out of her sight, still groaning in counterpoint to the low buzzing of the
vibrator which continued to torment her.

She pulled at her bonds, hoping to find
some give somewhere in the web Jake had woven.  There was not the slightest weakness no matter how hard she wriggled and
strained. “Trust Maggie to go out with a sea cadet” thought Laura.   To be honest the effect of the rough crotch-rope when she tried to move
was quite distracting and after a short effort she tried to calm down and think
about how she could get herself, and Maggie, out of this predicament.  Her thoughts were disturbed by the return of Jake who was carrying a
small leather bag.

“Good. You are awake Laura” said
Jake.  I just had to nip home to get
a few more toys for you to play with.  Or
rather for me to play with on you”.  He
laughed; Laura grimaced – though whether at the poor pun or the thought of
what was in the bag was hard to tell.

First he produced a pair of small silver
tweezer clamps joined by a short chain.  He
knelt in front of Laura and started twiddling with her nipples.  Though she had smaller breasts than Maggie she did possess large nipples
and they were pretty sensitive, particularly after the attention her breasts
were already receiving from the tight rope harness.  When her nipples were suitable aroused, he attached the clamps. He
slipped the movable tightening rings toward the nipples and Laura squeaked as
the clamps tightened down on her already sore nubs. The connecting chain was
quite short, too short for Laura to feel comfortable as her nipples were pulled
toward each other. 

“You appear to be going cross-eyed”
laughed Jake.  Laura glared at him
and swore she would get revenge if it was the last thing she did.

Jake rummaged in the bag again and came
up with a small vibrator.  Laura
groaned.  “You didn’t think that
bitch Maggie was going to get all the fun, did you?” asked Jake, reaching
between Laura’s thighs.  The small
vibrator was unceremoniously jammed under the tight crotch-rope and turned on at
a low setting.  As soon as it began
Laura gave a might groan and rolled her eyes.  She wasn’t sure if this was enough stimulation to get her off, but it
would certainly start her marching up the hill to a pre-orgasmic plateau.

“Finally, I think you could do with
some privacy” said Jake, opening out what appeared to be a piece of soft black
leather.  Through half-closed eyes
Laura assumed it was some sort of blindfold, until Jake held it up in front of
her face and the head-shape became apparent.  Laura started once again to fight the ropes that bound her, but to no
avail.  Jake opened the hood at the
neck end and pulled it over her head, blocking out her angrily flashing eyes and
covering the duct tape which held the remnants of her t-shirt and knickers in
her mouth.  The hood was eyeless and
the only opening in the face was a round slit from which the end of her nose
protruded. 

Laura forced herself to be calm and not
panic.  She tried to breathe as
deeply and slowly as the hood, and the vibrator, allowed.  She tried to ignore the pain in her shoulders and the cramp
in her legs.  Most of all she tried
to ignore the fire in her loins which was being steadily stoked by the pocket
rocket between the top of her thighs.

“Nearly there Laura, and then I just
have an errand to run”.  Jake’s
muffled words jerked Laura back to the here and now.  She felt him fumbling with the top of the hood and then her head was
pulled up and back.  He had attached
another rope to a d-ring on the crown of the leather hood and she moaned as he
tied the new rope off tightly to the rope which was holding her elbows up.  This added a new area of pain to Laura as her back arched further and her
neck began to ache.

She felt Jake fumble between her thighs,
briefly stroke her engorged clitoris and labia and then the vibrator was turned
up a notch. Laura moaned as Jake wiped his fingers across Laura’s nose, giving
her ample evidence of her own arousal.

“Looks like you are enjoying this
already” laughed Jake “Well, let’s have a party!” 
 

He reached back between her legs and
turned the vibrator on to maximum. Almost immediately Laura began to pant
through her nose as the stimulation increased exponentially.  What had been a modest brush fire was now an out of control
inferno.  She quickly orgasmed
despite the pain she was feeling all over her body.  Which was when the true nature of her predicament hit home – this was
not going to stop – rather her body had merely taken a brief jog down the
mountain of pleasure to a high base camp and was even now charging back to the
summit.  Her last coherent thought
before she entered a vividly coloured multi-orgasmic state was “I am going to
kill him when I get out of this”

After about 20 minutes (or several hours
in Laura-land) and a dozen orgasms, which toward the end became a seemingly
endless orgasmic explosion, Laura fell into a merciful black void.

--  “  --

Laura slowly rose from the inky depths
of her subconscious and tried to work out where she was.  Her back, mouth, loins, breast and nipple were still sore but
she could not feel the constraints she had been suffering when oblivion had
overtaken her. She seemed to be kneeling on something soft and comfortable –
no, make that astride something soft and warm – and there was a strong smell
of feminine arousal in the air.  She
tried to open her eyes but she was blindfolded, something sticky was plastered
over her mouth and on moving her arms to try to remove it discovered her wrists
were tied to … someone else!

“Looks like you are coming back to us
Laura” said a voice by her ear. 

Well at least Jake was still around
thought Laura - “Lucky me”. 

“Perhaps I should make some changes
now and then we can move to our next stage” said Jake. 

Laura winced as he pulled the duct tape
off her mouth and then inserted a padded ring behind her teeth.  She was so pre-occupied with trying to manipulate her jaw and tongue in
her dry mouth she missed the opportunity to bite his fingers. A low groan was
all she could manage through her stretched lips before Jake squirted water into
her mouth.  She gulped down as much as she could but some ran out of her
mouth and fell below her.  Immediately
whatever she was sitting astride wriggled and twisted and she heard a
complaining groan from behind her.  What
was Jake up to?

Jake seemed to decide now was the time
to reveal all and he untied the rag (once part of Laura’s t-shirt) from across
her eyes.  Laura stared open-mouthed
at … herself.  She realised Jake
had placed Maggie’s full length mirror next to her so she could see what was
going on.

Laura was sitting on Maggie’s upper
chest.  Her wrists were pulled back
behind her and tied to Maggie’s upper arms, whose wrists in turn were tied
wide to the bed posts.   Laura
was kneeling, with her calves also tied to Maggie’s arms with her feet wedged
under Maggie’s shoulders for good effect.  Maggie was bent at the waist with her ankles tied together and crossed
behind Laura’s back and a thin line connecting her big toes to each other and
the ring on her collar.  The
position of Maggie’s legs forced Laura to lean forwards where she had her
first close view of her flatmate’s pudenda and precisely shaved triangular
pubic hair. Maggie was wearing a ring gag identical to the one Laura had.  Both women were naked.

Laura mentally shook her head, silently
cursed Jake and tested her/their bonds for any weakness or looseness which might
indicate a way out of this latest humiliation.  She was quickly disappointed and slumped down on Maggie, the
inside of her thighs squishing Maggie’s firm breasts, causing an exclamatory
groan from her flatmate.  She looked
at the mirror again and glared at Jake’s grinning face.

“Now that you are back with us Laura
we can play a little game.  Or
rather you two can.  You both seemed
to be suffering a little from your opening positions – all that wailing and
blacking out nonsense – so I thought you would each appreciate a little TLC
and who better to administer it than your best friend and housemate?  Now the game is very simple.  I know from personal experience that you both have tongues that never
seem to stop wagging - you could both create a new form of legless donkeys –
so I would like to see you put them to good use.  On each other.  Hence the
ring gags which with a bit of stretching and straining mean you should both be
able to drink from the furry cup of the other and share a little happiness. Just
to encourage you, once both of you have had what I consider to be enough
stimulation  - and  I will be setting the bar for that quite high  - then you will be fed and watered.  On the downside if you do not want to play, then this will happen …”

Laura leapt as much as her constraints
allowed as Jake gave her a quick flick across her buttocks with a thin whippy
piece of plastic – at the same time Maggie squealed in dismay and wriggled
violently as Jake tickled her feet.   “I
know you are both very ticklish and you know I have a strong right arm.  I trust you will see these are two very good reasons to pleasure each
other”. 

Two more flicks with the plastic whip
caused more distorted squeals from the girls. 

“Ladies, start your engines” laughed
Jake.

Laura shook her head - what was she
expected to do?  She got a strong
hint as she felt first Maggie’s breath then a small wet tongue begin to
explore her labia.  Maggie had
obviously done this before and she shuddered as the slippery tongue began to
slip within her inner lips, Maggie’s nose gently grazing Laura’s clitoral
hood.  Despite how sore she felt
down there, Laura began to feel the first tingles of a familiar feeling deep in
the pit of her stomach.  She uttered
a long drawn out moan.  She was
brought back to reality by Jake’s fingers scrabbling at the sole of her left
foot. Which caused her body to twitch and a loud snort.

“Come on Laura, or I will go to town
on that lovely arse of yours” threatened Jake.

Laura stretched her neck forward and
down and began to lap at Maggie’s loins, imitating her housemate’s actions,
especially those she recognised as having the best effect on her own libido.  As her tongue strokes became stronger and more animated, she felt Maggie
begin to react to her ministrations and before long the pair of them were moving
and moaning in rhythm as the slow climb to orgasm began.

Laura found it hard to concentrate on
what she was doing as Maggie was very skilful in arousing her - but each time
she slackened off or was distracted by her housemate’s technique then Jake’s
dexterity with his flogger quickly restored her to the task in hand. The
writhing bodies on the bed continued to moan and groan, lick and stroke in
unison.   

Jake stepped back from the bed and took
in the scene.  “Well that was
easy, I wonder what else Laura will learn to like?” he thought to himself.

  

 

03.09.06

story continues in [**Laura and Maggie 2: Crescendo & Conclusions**](laura_maggie2.html)

o0o
