---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/caitland.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Caitland’s Perfect Evening
authors:
- PetulantKim
tags:
- Sbf
- corset
- stockings
- boots
- hood
- cuffs
- bench
- ice
- caught
- F/f
- bond
- rope
- nipple
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
---

Caitland couldn’t wait for the hours to pass until quitting time Friday
afternoon. She was finally on her own after all those years of high
school, living at home; and college, living with a roommate. She
had landed a well paying job as a public relations rep for the city health
department which had enabled her to get a beautiful apartment that afforded
secure entry to all but tenants. The apartment was small but well
appointed in a quiet upscale neighborhood. Caitland had kept her
nose to the grindstone learning her new job and getting settled in over
the last six months.

Tonight, she was ready. She had spent the last six months ordering
real restraints to pursue her passion. Leather cuffs with brass locks,
adjustable spreader bars, gags, patent thigh high spike heels, adjustable
clamps, super soft cotton/nylon ropes, a genuine discipline hood with locking
collar, and of course, the indispensable handcuffs. The handcuffs
were the only items she played with putting them on her wrists and locking
and unlocking them over and over in front of her, behind her, and in the
dark. When she had mastered them, she added leather gloves and practiced
again until she assured herself she could remove them quickly and without
difficulty.

She had purposely refrained from trying on and playing with any of the
items enjoying instead the anticipation of using them all together when
she had assembled everything. No longer would she have to satisfy
her needs with a hodge-podge of belts and homemade items. Tonight
she wouldn’t have to worry about her brother, parents, or roommate coming
back unexpectedly and catching her. Tonight was hers and the next
and the next.

Caitland took the elevator up to her floor and went to Sheri’s apartment
across the hall from hers. Sheri worked a part-time job from six
to ten-thirty at a local sports bar Friday and Saturday. Sheri’s
door was open. Caitland knocked and went in.

"Hi," Sheri called
from the bathroom, "your Fed-Ex package came today."

"Thanks, Sheri,"
Caitland called as she scooped it up from the couch.

Sheri came out
ready for work. Caitland told her that when she got home from work,
if she would use the key she had given her to come in and wake her up,
as she was tired and was going to nap on the couch. Sheri said great,
then we can go out together. Caitland said that would be great, but
even if she changed her mind, if she would still please come in a wake
her up, as she needed to place a call back to California to talk to her
brother. Sheri promised her she would.

Caitland closed and locked the door to her apartment. She adjusted
the heat and started a bath running. She opened the Chinese beef
and broccoli she had brought home with her and started eating as she opened
the Fed-Ex package. She knew exactly what was in the box and that
it would arrive today. She withdrew from the box the most exquisite
black and red, satin and leather corset. The Victorian style corset
had been carefully custom made by a corsetiere in Philadelphia to exact
measurements and had cost her three weeks pay. It had been carefully
and meticulously crafted to lace in front with custom overlays to hide
the lacing. She laid it over the back of the couch to admire it while
she continued eating. It was designed to mould her from her hips to
her armpits. It had a shelf bra fashioned and boned to lift her breasts
high and thrust them forward. She shuddered just thinking about how
it was going to feel tightly laced just a few minutes from now.

She finished eating and than carried it to the bedroom where she carefully
laid it on the bed along with the other new equipment she would use for
the first time tonight. She then moved the padded frame she had constructed
out of the closet and into the living room. She positioned the frame
precisely on the carpet guided by tiny marks she had made with a pen a
shade deeper than the carpet. The frame had been easy to make after
the years she had spent watching her brother construct furniture above
the garage. Using a saber saw, drill, and sander, she had bolted
it together, placing eyehooks exactly where she needed them. She
had than padded the top with foam and heavy velvet. The last thing
she did was to place a large envelope on the coffee table that said, "Sheri
Read Me" on it.

It was six-thirty in the evening. She went to luxuriate in a bubble
bath until seven. While taking her bath she went over the procedure
she would use to ensure her complete self-imposed bondage from seven-thirty
pm until ten, when she would release herself and put everything away in
preparation for Sheri’s return home. Sheri was Caitland’s safety;
carefully set up in case anything went wrong with her planned evening.

Caitland towelled dry and carefully powdered herself to ease getting
into her restraints. She started with the beautiful corset.
It had triple laces. She used them to lace and tie and lace and tie
until her already lithe twenty-five inch waist was severely corseted.
She picked up a sewing tape and measured her waist at twenty-two inches.
She than turned and gazed at herself in the full-length closet mirror.
Her thirty-five inch breasts were pushed forward, her nipples already hard
with desire from the feeling of the deliciously tight lacing. She
resembled a picture of a Victorian lady in the late 1800’s, severely corseted
with a wasp thin waist.

She next placed a bondage hood over her head with cutouts for her eyes,
nose and mouth and using a small padlock secured the collar to her neck.
Both keys were placed on her bedroom dresser. The only key she was
concerned with tonight would be her handcuff key. She would have
plenty of time to devise more intricate scenarios later. Tonight
she just wanted to feel what real restraints felt like. She then
picked up the new ball gag and fitted it with the medium size red ball.
Although she liked the feel of the large ball, she felt it might detract
from the overall enjoyment of her restraint tonight. She fastened
the gag securely behind her head cinching it tight, not bothering with
the lock. The gag fitted comfortably preventing her from talking,
if there had been anyone around to talk to. Once again she gazed
at herself in the mirror. This was becoming better and better.

Although herself and others had always appreciated her beauty, now she
was absolutely breathtaking. She had pulled her long blonde hair
through the one-inch opening at the top of the discipline hood and it hung
down her back. Her natural blonde hair accented and enhanced the
sight of herself in the corset, hood, and red ball gag. As an added
touch she hadn’t planned, she took time to add eyeliner, silver sparkling
eye shadow, and black mascara. She looked in the full-length mirror
again pleased with the result. Caitland now sat on the bed in front
of the mirror and put on a pair of real black silk stockings with very
small intricate red satin bows at the top on the front and back to match
the red trim of her black corset. It was now seven-ten. She
pulled on the thigh high boots. They hugged her feet tightly.
She zipped the concealed zipper on the inside of the boot and quickly pulled
the red laces that went from her ankle to thigh-top on the outside.
At last finished she pushed herself upright in front of the mirror.
An almost unrecognizable submissive goddess stared back at her. She
longed that she had a friend she could trust to take a picture.

Almost seven-thirty now, she picked up two leather cuffs and her handcuffs.
Slowly making her way into the living room, not wanting to topple over
in her five-inch spiked boots, she put her cuffs on the padded frame.
She than slowly made her way to the kitchen to retrieve four ice cubes
she had previously frozen all timed to melt in two and one-half hours and
returned to the living room with them. Three ice cubes were at the
end of long strings. She used a wide footstool to stand on so she
could reach the small hooks she had placed in the ceiling. For a
minute she thought she might have to remove the boots to get up.
Teetering precariously she attached all four ice cubes to the hooks positioned
over the bench, and carefully got down. Three of the large ice cubes
hung down about a foot above the bench.

Turning to the full-length mirror she had installed on the back of the
front door to the apartment, she took one last long look at herself.
She had tried to imagine how this would feel ever since she was fourteen.
Her brother had gotten mad at her one weekend while her parents were away
and had tied her in a chair while he went two doors down to play football
with his friends. She had been insisting on going to the mall with
her friends even though her parents had told her no. Her big brother
had solved the problem of her sneaking out on him by tying her to a chair
in the kitchen.

At first she was furious with him. But as the
first hour passed, she realized that it was strangely exciting to be tied
up alone. In the fight she had given him, he had looped a yellow
ski-tow rope both above and below her already well-developed breasts and
around her thighs and legs. She imagined her best friend Beth, who
made no secret she liked girls, finding her. In her imagination Beth
would French kiss her as she struggled to get free, while she secretly
enjoyed it. When her brother came home and untied her, she swore
at him so he’d think she was mad and ran to her bedroom. She had
really run to her bedroom so she could rub herself to a shuddering, pounding
orgasm.

Ever since that day she had devised ways to tie herself up always becoming
sexually aroused. Once while alone she had managed to tie her feet
and wrists so well she couldn’t get herself untied. She finally got
loose by putting her brother’s hacksaw in the vice in the garage and sawing
through the ropes. The fact that her parents were due home any moment
had made her both horny and frantic at the same time.

She smiled as she thought about it at the same time noticing that her
ice cubes had started to melt. Smiling at her picture in the mirror
as much as the gag would allow, she sat down on the end of her frame.
She put a leather cuff around each ankle and using a spring clip attached
to a steel eye at the bottom of each leg attached her cuffs to the legs.
She then swung around carefully under the hanging ice cubes laying flat
from knees to head on the padded frame. The ice cube almost directly
over her head had two strings frozen into it. One long string with
a weight attached to it hung down touching the edge of the frame where
her head would be. The other string was shorter with the key for
her handcuffs tied to it and frozen in the cube. The little hole
in the key was threaded through the long string. Because of the way
she had devised to secure herself, it was important the key come down directly
into her waiting fingers. The long string would serve as a guide
and she had thoroughly tested it. She would have liked to have blindfolded
herself, but all of the Internet sites she had looked at had advised against
it as being a poor idea when alone no matter how enticing.

At last she was ready. She wriggled her body to get her back,
shoulders, and head comfortable on the padded frame. Everything was
very quiet, without any sounds coming from other apartments or the street.
She reached behind her to find the spring clip on a little three-inch chain
hanging from the front. She lifted her head slightly to find the
D ring at the back of her discipline hood and attached it. She than
took the handcuffs from her chest. She had already attached a double
spring clip to the chain of the handcuffs. She reached back and secured
the handcuffs by the clip to the chain securing her hood and neck.
Feeling for the long string, she made sure that it was inside the cuff
with her right wrist and closed it. She than closed the other cuff
around her left wrist.

She listened to the sound of her breath. She felt the tight lacing
of the corset. She felt the boots pulling at her knees, the new patent
leather stiff and tight. She remembered what her face looked like
with the hood, red gag, and silvered eye shadow. She tested the restraints
but the handcuffs, neck chain, and ankle cuffs held her secure to the padded
frame. She looked at the ice cube over her head holding the handcuff
key out of reach. She then relaxed. As the three ice cubes
suspended six inches over her stopped swinging, they began to slowly drip
small drops of cold ice water. She had measured perfectly.
An ice cube hung suspended over each exposed breast and one over her exposed
vagina. She had purposely not used anything to stimulate her nipples,
vagina, or nether area. Her intent was to simply enjoy being comfortably
restrained in tight bondage. The ice cold drops of water dripping
on each breast and her vaginal area would keep her from falling asleep
after a long week of work and the warm bath she had taken.

She closed her eyes. She was bound with no hope of release for
the next two and one-half hours. Thinking about it immediately began
to sexually arouse her as it had when her brother had tied her to the chair
eight years ago. Only this was better. Tighter, closer, and
more intense than she had ever imagined it would be. A cold drop
of water fell directly on her clitoris and she jerked slightly and felt
the cuffs holding her ankles. Eyes closed, she drifted into fantasy.
There was Beth her high school friend standing before her holding a whip
tracing the handle of it along her thighs and around her breasts.
She imagined her big brother stumbling upon her. Would he take advantage
of his own sister, lying bound, more beautiful than a supermodel?
Now the frame was in a display window of a large department store.
She looked out at complete strangers pausing to look through the window
at her. It disappeared and her boss, a tall fiftyish severe woman,
sat on the couch in her living room not saying anything, just smoking and
staring at her.

Caitland, eyes closed, drifted from one fantasy to the next, cold drops
of water, prodding her gently from one to another. After a while,
she finally opened her eyes. The ice cubes were almost gone.
How strange, she thought. Every article and story she had ever read
on the Internet had always talked about how slow the time seemed to pass
while restrained. Here two and one-half hours had almost passed seemingly
as if in the blink of an eye. When she had closed her eyes it was
still light outside. Now it was dark outside her fourth floor living
room window. So quiet and peaceful, with only the dim light from
a small table lamp illuminating the living room. Caitland closed
her eyes again. What a wonderful, perfect Friday evening. She
knew the key would descend in a few more minutes. She lay quietly
savoring these last moments.

The sound of the key turning in her front door reverberated around the
quiet apartment like the shot from a gun. Jumping up from the frame,
Caitland made a mad dash for the bedroom. Or, at least that’s what
her brain told her to do. The short three-inch chain attached to
the discipline hood jerked her head back to the padded frame. Her
feet never moved securely attached to each leg of the frame.

Oh, my God! Caitland thought as Sheri stepped into the living room,
the bright light from the hall spilling across the couch where she was
supposed to be sleeping and the padded frame across from the couch and
coffee table displaying her bound body.

As Sheri’s eyes fell on Caitland’s bound body, she shouted, "What the
hell?"

**Part
II**

Sheri quickly fumbled for the small pepper spray attached to her key
ring. She could see through the breakfront that the small kitchen
was empty. Holding the spray in front of her, she checked out the
bathroom and bedroom flicking on the overhead lights. Satisfied that
no one was there, she went back to the living room. Once again she
took in the strange scene. She took in the string over Caitland’s
head where the key to the handcuffs was half-exposed, the brown envelope
on the coffee table that said 'Sheri Read Me', and remembered the other bondage
gear on the bed. It all made sense so suddenly that she threw her
head back and started laughing out loud, saying, "Oh my God, Oh my God"
still laughing as she strode to the front door, closed it and threw the
deadbolt. Still chuckling she walked past Caitland to the kitchen.
Caitland was simply just embarrassed. Thinking what she must look
like to Sheri with a hood and red ball gag on, unable to move. Although
initially she thought she would just die, Sheri’s laughter calmed her down
somewhat. Everything may be all right she thought.

Caitland heard her refrigerator door open. Sheri came back in
the living room, retrieved her purse where she had dropped it, and came
and flopped down on the couch. She poured herself a glass of wine
and set the bottle on the table. She picked up the brown envelope
looking at Caitland devilishly. All Caitland could do is turn her
head and watch her. Caitland opened the envelope and read out loud:
"Sheri, if you are reading this, it is because the key I locked my handcuffs
with didn’t come down properly leaving me in this rather peculiar situation.
Please don’t be shocked; I’ve been doing this since I was a teenager.
Retrieve the key and unlock the cuffs and I’ll explain everything".

"Well aren’t you just a sight," Sheri said. "Here I thought you were
taking a beauty nap while I slaved away waitressing, but instead you’ve
started a fine evening without me." And she added: "Tsk Tsk,
you weren’t even going to tell me. You evidently had everything planned
down to the last detail for tonight except me arriving early because the
large screen television broke at the sports bar. When the customers
left, so did I."

Sheri took a deep draught from her glass of wine and standing up, reached
up and took hold of the handcuff key with her fingers. The key broke
away from what little remained of the ice cube. All Caitland could
do was watch. Sheri holding the key and attached string, tied it
in a bow to the string that had, until recently held an ice cube over her
breast. Caitland’s only means of escape now dangled in the air six
inches over her left breast.

Sheri moved the coffee table out from between the couch and the padded
frame, and moved the couch closer to the frame. Sitting down, she
refilled her glass, removed her shoes and propped both feet across Caitland’s
midriff. Sheri looked at her and said, "Now that I know your secret,
I’ll let you in on one of mine!" As Sheri rubbed her feet
back and forth across Caitland’s stomach, Caitland slowly relaxed and in
the next second realized that a slow sexual arousal was beginning in her
body again.

Sheri lifted her head and unfastened her gag, helping her off with it.
Caitland thanked her and started to say something. Sheri shushed
her with her finger.

"If you went to all the trouble to tie yourself
up, it can only be because you have never met anyone you trust enough to
do it for you. You see my secret is that I have wanted you ever since
I first laid eyes on you." Sheri was slowly tracing little circles
on Caitland’s breast with her fingers while talking.

"You must be
thirsty after being tied all this time," Sheri said, than laughed and said,
"Oh my, you’re still tied aren’t you? I’ll tell you what, I’ll take
a big drink of wine, lift your head, and you can drink from my lips."

"Ok," Caitland answered.

Sheri pressed her lips to Caitland’s, filling
her mouth slowly with wine, allowing her to swallow gently, and than deeply
probed Caitland’s mouth with her tongue. Caitland exploded with pleasure,
six months of pent-up sexual energy finding its outlet in Sheri’s lips
and mouth. Caitland’s tongue probed against Sheri’s and she strained
against her bonds and excited herself even more.

"Oh My," Sheri exclaimed, "You are the wanton little bitch, aren’t you?"
as she took another drink of wine to give Caitland.

**Part
III**

Sheri could not believe her good fortune. Sheri had broken up
with her girlfriend a couple of weeks before Caitland had moved in across
the hall from her. Caitland’s beauty had caused Sheri’s heart to
pound the first time she saw her. Caitland’s long blonde hair, blue
eyes, her 34C-25-35 figure on a 110 pound five foot, seven inch frame was
absolutely breathtaking. She lost no time in getting acquainted.
Caitland’s main concern was with doing well with her first real job until
her six-month probationary period was over. Caitland came home late
from the office every night carrying even more work, regulations and manuals
to read over.

Sheri had made herself as indispensable as she could
to her. She would cook and bring her over food to eat while she was
working. Then she would sit and read a book ostensibly so as not
to disturb Caitland, but really just so she could be near her. As
she got to know Caitland, Caitland opened up to her. She hadn’t dated
much and had been concentrating on studying hard and making good grades.
Her greatest desire these last few years was to have her own car and a
luxury apartment of her own. She wouldn’t feel it was really hers
until she finished the probationary period for this job and was determined
to excel at it. Only than could she relax she told Sheri.

Sheri looked at Caitland, this bound goddess and said, "Tonight was
your reward to yourself for completing your probationary six months, wasn’t
it?" Sheri told her that it was. And also that she found the
anticipation of being bound almost as delicious as being actually restrained.
It was a game she played with herself to heighten her sensations.
Sheri told her she was sorry she had spoiled her perfectly planned evening
by arriving early, but to just wait a minute and relax because she knew
how to make it perfect again.

Caitland was tired but relaxed again and quite comfortable. All
the time they were talking she was aware that she was still bound, the
key to her release out of her reach. Sheri had not only become her
best friend over the last few months, but with her workload, her only friend
here in the city so far. This was fine with her, as she didn’t want
a lot of friends calling or unexpectedly dropping by while she pursued
her, as Caitland liked to call it, "her hobby". She also realized
that Sheri, once she had gotten over the initial shock of her "peculiar"
situation, had not only not been upset, but relished being in control of
her. She had dreamed and fantasized about having someone in control.
And now it was actually happening. Thinking about it stoked her sexual
energy again and she could actually feel herself moisten with desire.

Caitland could hear Sheri moving about her apartment. Sheri returned
with duct tape, a twenty-five foot length of the extra soft white cotton
rope that Caitland had ordered from a bondage supplier for future bondage
sessions, and another item that she kept concealed from Caitland’s view.

Caitland watched as Sheri peeled off her clothes in front of her.
Caitland had never seen such a delicate woman. Ten years older than
Caitland at thirty-four, Sheri stood five foot, four inches, and barely
weighed ninety-five pounds. She wore a padded 32B bra over a 32A
bust to prevent her from looking completely flat chested. Although
she had a nicely rounded derriere, her hips were almost non-existent.
She kept her brown hair long, and without make-up and jewelry had told
Caitland she was frequently mistaken for a teen-ager. Caitland admired
Sheri’s lithe, willowy body as Sheri pulled her scrunchie off, flipped
her hair, doubled it and fastened it again close to her neck.

Sheri folded her panties as she talked softly to Caitland now. "I hope you don’t mind me playing with you for a while," Sheri said, as she
laid the folded top half of her panties over Caitland’s eyes and arranged
the crotch of the panties over her nose. She than took a long length
of duct tape and placed it directly over her panties and secured the tape
under the frame on either side, not only blindfolding Caitland but also
holding her head unmovable on the padded frame. Caitland’s sight
was replaced by the deep musky odor of Sheri’s panties worn all day to
her regular job and the evening’s part-time job. Sheri told Caitland
not to talk anymore, just to lay back and relax. Sheri knelt beside
her and massaged her breasts. She told her how much she had wanted
to reach down and massage these breasts those times she had massaged Caitland’s
shoulders whiled she toiled late in the evening.

Sheri whispered how breathtakingly beautiful she was and how she had
secretly desired her all these months. Caitland’s passion and arousal
deepened listening to Sheri’s love murmurings and the feel of her delicate
fingers on her breasts. Sheri stopped massaging her breasts.
For a couple of minutes all Caitland could hear was the sound of her breath
and Sheri’s. She then felt Sheri’s hands moving on her chest below
her bust. Another minute passed and then she felt rope being pulled
tight pulling her torso to the frame. Every three or four loops,
she could feel Sheri pull the rope tight and put another knot in.

Sheri worked her way down from just under her bust to her lower abdomen.
When Sheri was finished she was totally immobile on the padded frame.
Never had she been tied so tight. She whispered to Sheri how she
had always longed to be bound this way, and how deliciously good it felt.
Sheri responded by lightly kissing her. Sheri couldn’t believe the
turn that events had taken this evening. She wanted to just untie
her and take her in her arms and make love to her. On the other hand
this secret yearning of Caitland’s to be bound had delivered this voluptuous,
passionate young woman directly into her hands.

As she took the two long loose ends of the rope and slowly started binding
Caitland’s feet to the legs of the frame wrapping each one from ankle to
just below her knees and tying them off, she realized something else.
Caitland had never talked much about dating over the past few months even
mentioning she had never had a steady boyfriend. Just occasional
dates for the prom or the movies. Now Sheri knew why. Caitland
had spent her time studying and relieved herself sexually through self-bondage.

Sheri moved back up and knelt beside Caitland, kissing her gently.
She said softly and gently out loud, "Caitland, if I ask you a question,
will you tell me the truth?" As she asked her, Sheri’s fingers softly
stole down between Caitland’s legs as she softly began to run her small
fingers over Caitland’s outer lips.

"Yes", whispered Caitland murmuring
how good Sheri’s fingers felt.

"Are you a virgin?" Sheri asked
softly.

"Yes" Caitland answered, "But how did you know?"

"Oh
I’ve gotten to know you pretty well over the last six months," Sheri answered,
"and I’m just a little older and wiser than I used to be."

Caitland was beautiful, talented, intelligent, poised, and independent.
But Sheri also knew now that Caitland longed for another to control her.
Self-bondage enabled her to express her need to be controlled without exposing
this need to others. Sheri knew that she had finally found the beautiful
woman she had always desired. The woman who would always satisfy
all her needs, both emotionally and physically. Sheri smiled and
kissed Caitland again deeply. Still stroking her outer lips, Sheri
asked Caitland, "Do you promise to always do whatever I tell you?"

"Oh Yes!" Caitland hoarsely whispered, "Always!"

Sheri than reached for the nipple clamps she had hidden from view when
she returned from the bedroom with the duct tape and rope. She quickly
sucked Caitland’s breasts until both nipples were firm and erect.
She than dried them off and quickly attached the nipple clamps. Caitland
sucked in her breath as they were attached. At first they hurt, but
in her high state of sexual tension, the hurt quickly turned into pleasure.
And than Sheri kissed her again and moved to the end of the frame and buried
her face deep between Caitland’s legs. Sheri skillfully and
delicately transported Caitland from one peak to the next, until Caitland’s
sweet song mingled in a chorus with the nightsong floating in through the
open window. The moonlight streamed in the room illuminating their
blissful delight!

I would love to get feedback from my stories, please send me you comments: petulantkim@yahoo.com

2001+update2009
