---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Studio 4
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- FM/f
- bond
- toys
- cons/reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Studio - Chapter Three**](studio3.html))

**Part
Four - Rope Soap**

**Six
Weeks Ago**

Donna Parkinson and Stephanie Danner had been roommates for a little more
than a year before Champaign inebriation inspired them to spill some intimate
beans into each other’s curiosity. They had just arrived home, after having
muddled through a very exclusive, but insufferably boring cocktail party.

With the last glass of bubbly in hand, Donna decided to steer
the conversation into virgin territory.

“We’ve been very bad girls (hiccup) this night.”

Stephanie downed the last of her sparkling wine before remembering, “I
wondered why you brought that big, ugly bag of yours to the party. Do you think
anyone saw you shwipe this shtuff?”

“Swipe?” corrected Parkinson, “I did no sush thing. I traded it for
my phone number. The bartender had been eyeboiling me all night, so I thought
I’d cash in on his boyish interest to our advantage.”

Danner smiled mischievously, “You SHE-devil, you.”

“He also slipped me a card,” said Donna while pulling it out from
under her left, double-D bra cup and holding it as if it were some kind of
illicit conversation piece.”

“Lemme see,” said Stephanie as she clawed at and read the bait
contained thereon. “If you were given this card, consider yourself invited to
participate in the fun and games we have and play at The Shtudio.”

A web address was also very fancily embossed in red over a shiny-black
background.

“Ooooo,” commented Stephanie Danner before tossing it on the coffee
table as if she had no interest whatsoever in its provocative press release.

“Sounds like dumb blonde heaven to
me.”

The tiny logo, a single knot in a short length of thick, deeply seamed
rope, did, however, inspire Stephanie to memorize the website address.

They both leaned back into the cushiness of the couch to pretend
disinterest in what the card suggested.

“I think I’m being drunk,” confessed Stephanie.

“So,” segued Donna, “what else is new?”

“Nothing worth mentioning… You?”

‘It’s now or never,’ figured Parkinson before ‘revealing,’
“The bartender asked a very kinky queshin when he gave me the card.”

Danner fidgeted a bit.

“Oh?”

“He wanted to know if I had ever been (hiccup) tied up.”

A few groundbreaking seconds passed before Stephanie decided to continue
exploring their current, but way-overdue topic. She tried to be as calm and
collected as possible when leaning forward and placing her empty glass on the
coffee table. Fortunately for us, the pleasurable moisture building up between
her legs had other plans for Danner’s rapidly disintegrating composure.

“…What did you tell him?”

“Same thing I tell all the other dominants who ask the same queshin-
nothing; that’s when he gave me (hiccup) the card.”

“Well,” pressed Stephanie, much to her own surprise, “have you
ever?”

“Have I ever what?” teased Donna.

“…Been tied up.”

“Actually, no, but I have tied a few guys and driven them crazy now and
again.”

“Really?” Stephanie was suddenly awestruck. “…Sounds fun.”

Donna cracked a suggestive smile to say, “It has its advantages…How
about you?”

“How about me what?”

“Have you ever been (hiccup) tied up?”

Stephanie flushed with unexpected embarrassment.

“Me neither,” she lied as a few college prank episodes flashed across
her memory and the not-so-subtle wisdom of her time lapsed, grammatical error
spun a nervous twitch into the sudden intimacy of the conversation.

Donna decided it was high time she set the hook.

“Ever think about being tied up?”

Just hearing the term ‘tied up’ was making Stephanie hornier each
time it was uttered. Add to this the fact that Donna knew how to tie up a guy,
the effect the wine was having on her crumbling inhibitions, and the unexpected
seismic activity going on in and around her private parts, and what had started
out as a dull evening of party post-op was turning into a major event in the
third grade school teacher’s up-to-now, oh-hum sex life.

Oh, and by the way, though the bartender *had* traded the Champaign for Donna’s number, it was I who gave
her The Studio invite card almost exactly two years earlier. Molly Sims,
however, was not aware of Parkinson’s Studio history the night they met and
the former spilled *her* beans about
what went on at 325 East West Street.

Stephanie slid back into the cushy comfort of the sofa and closed her
eyes.

“Oh-wow, I’m getting sooooo drunk.”

Donna put the pedal to the metal.

“You really should try it at lease once in your life, just to see how
it sits (hiccup) with your libido.”

Danner was feeling no pain and losing her grip on the provocative
conversation shift.

“Try whah?” she slurred as her lids closed and her body went limp.

“Boy,” noticed Donna, “you really ARE smashed, aren’t you. I said
(hiccup) you should really try being bound and gagged, juss to see how it hits
you.”

The term ‘bound and gagged’ had an even deeper, more arousing effect
on Stephanie’s now twitching pussy as she got lost in the moment for a bit and
decided to head for the head.

“Gotta pee.”

(The Studio invite card had been purposely left on the table for the next
24-hours, just in case.)

**Lin**

Stephanie and Lin were best friends. There was nothing they didn’t know
about each other, outside of the kinky inclinations of my latest damsel’s
currently overindulged BD nature. They’d met when Danner relocated from
Philadelphia to get away from her boring-as-hell existence and closer to the Big
Apple, where she’d hoped to seriously upgrade her social and professional
life.

Lin lived two doors down the hall. Thanks to their completely compatible
and predominantly similar personalities, they became bosom buddies in no time,
and trusted each other implicitly.

As for Donna’s take on the dynamic duo’s tight knit relationship, her
fine-tuned perception and discernment quickly determined there was fun to be had
with her conveniently accessible gal pals. So from the day Stephanie moved in,
she decided to eventually introduce them both to the offbeat sensation of being
seriously topped by her very capable, bondage talents.

She’d often picked my brain about how to go about it. All I’d ever
say was, “When the time is right, you’ll know.”

**Back To Where Chapter Three Left Off**

It never occurred to Stephanie that she’d spend the end of her first
Studio adventure tied to her own bed by her second best friend and roommate, and
enjoying almost every minute of it.

‘This sure beats Philly,’ she jested as she listened for a clue as to
what was going on in Parkinson’s room. The first “Mmmuh” immediately
tipped her off to a major disclosure.

‘A GUY!’

Next came the passionate sounds of Donna’s imminent satisfaction.

‘This is getting WAY too weird,’ decided Stephanie, while the fire
down below flared up again and she tore into the arm binder/crotch rope
configuration to add more gasoline to her own out-of-control combustion chamber.

That's when things got even weirder, at least by Danner's standards of
weirdness anyway.

"What the FUCK?!" was all she said for the next several
seconds, for though her room looked pretty much the same as she left it before
leaving for The Studio the day before, there was now one changed detail that
hadn't, up to now, caught her eye. Her mouth dropped open; she made two tight
fists, and stared incredulously at the wall through the bars of her bed.

Donna put two-and-two together when she heard Danner's uncharacteristic
outburst/commentary.

"What's the matter, Missy, something not quite right with the
wallpaper?"

While Stephanie was at The Studio, Parkinson, and a few of her close,
home improving friends, had completely redone the walls by removing the old
paper and replacing it with a custom designed facsimile.

"What have you done to my ROOM!?"

"Nothing your Studio form specs would disallow," quipped Donna.

While the basic pattern was pretty much the same, the details had
been mischievously altered with chains, where the cross links to the design
joined parallel strips that ran from the ceiling to the molding had been on the
old paper. However, what blew Stephanie's mind were the redundant images of a
naked and bound female vertically stretched out IN those strips.

Danner's embarrassment and humiliation were, to say the least, intense.

"You are absolutely out of your fucking mind!" appraised our
latest Studio initiate with an autonomic grin and jolt of hidden appreciation
from her uncommon sense of humor.

"I know," agreed Parkinson just before her current string of
multiples filled the moments ahead with a mega-blast of audio feedback.
"And…OH!...By the way…OH-OH-OH…my last name isn't Smith."

"What the hell does that have to do with my WALLPAPER?"

Meanwhile, down the building’s hallway, Lin was getting anxious over
her best friend’s whereabouts. All Stephanie had revealed about her upcoming,
Studio commitment was that she’d be home late, unless she got lucky, and that
if she did, she would call to let her partner in crime know just how lucky
she’d gotten and how late she'd be getting home.

‘This is not at all like her,’ guessed Lin when the old clock on the
wall chimed in the fifth hour of the day. ‘Maybe she got drunk and conked out
before remembering to call.’

‘Oh-shit,’ thought Stephanie when her wireless started signalling. It
had been on her night table since just before she left for her meet with me
under the Washington Square arch. ‘Lin.’

The hard wire phone rang next as yet another jolt of pre-orgasmic
initiation raced to her crotch roped pussy and she thought, ‘This is
impossible. I must have broken my record several times over since the first.’

“Steph, are you there?.. If so, please pick up, wake up, whatever.”

Lin tried her best not to sound too concerned.

“When you didn’t call, I wondered why…STEPHANIE, wake up and pick
up THE PHONE!!!”

The bombastic, spasmodic conclusions emanating from Donna’s room across
the hall added to the craziness of the moment, which, of course, created all
kinds of reasons for Stephanie to explode with all kinds of unabashed
multiplicity. Even she tossed caution to the wind and unloaded a medley of her
own, high volume feedback to the symphony of satisfaction bursting forth and
into her fantasy-come-true, in spite of Donna’s very pointed instruction not
to.

“OK,” continued Lin when her curiosity got the best of her. “I know
you told me not to use your key unless a situation called for it, but I will if
Donna doesn’t answer her phone either.”

With that, the 30-year-old, South Korean beauty, with the five-foot, two
inch, 115-pound, to-die-for physique hung up. Stephanie immediately went nuts
with regret as fear factors of her dilemma crashed into her projected notions as
to what could happen next. This, of course caused her multiple to further extend
and intensify its visit to accommodate the quantification of the event in a way
that made the moment even more impossible than she could have possibly
envisioned.

“OHOHOHOHOHOHOH! HELP ME! SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME! I CAN’T TAKE
ANYMORE OF THIS!”

When Donna’s phone rang, she already knew who it was.

“Perfect,” she whispered as the last string of spasms tailed off and
she looked down at her body-builder friend and smiled mischievously. “You can
cum now, Roger.”

He was stretched out on her mattress, with wrists crossed, severely
tied and tethered to the middle bar on the head frame of Parkinson’s big,
brass bed. The gag was especially wicked: his and her bottom underwear; ball
gag, Ace bandage, and several tight turns of duct tape.

Donna jumped off her captive’s erection, just as he was about to
complete his satisfaction and Lin left a message on the answering machine.

“Hi, Donna: it’s me, Lin. I’m a bit worried about Stephanie. Has
she come home yet?... Please pick up if you’re there. If you don’t, I’m
going to use my key to see if she’s sleeping it off or something…OK- well, I
did all the protocol.”

With that, Lin hung up and slipped into a pair of tight jeans and a
long-sleeved, gold top and recently purchased pumps, which she looked forward to
showing off to her closest buddy. She had not yet taken off her pantyhose in
case Stephanie had asked to be picked up or something. It was Lin who drove her
to the Village the day before. On the way, she did her best to squeeze the
purpose of the Manhattan drop off out of her tight lipped best friend.

“Since when do you keep secrets from
your *best* friend?”

“Since now, so please don’t’ push me on this. I have my reasons for
not filling you in. Just know that this is something I have to do and that, when
the time is ripe, I will share all the fun details.”

As far as Lin was concerned, ripe time was right now, not only because of
her concerns for Danner’s wellbeing, but for the possible ‘fun’ she could
have, too, if the Village drop-off led to the successful accomplishment of her
best friend’s out-of-the-ordinary, but very cloaked purposefulness.

After unlocking the door to Donna’s apartment, Lin opened it a crack
and asked, “Hi? It’s Lin, anybody home?”

Stephanie didn’t know what to do, so Parkinson made that decision for
her by vigorously tickling her left foot with the tips of her long fingernails
and whispering, “Go ahead, make my day.”

As expected, Danner completely lost it, and Lin was immediately insulted
over not having received the promised call when the howling laughter of
Steph’s out-of-control hysterics impacted her swelling consternation.

“Right,” she said softly before slowly and quietly closing the door.

But before she could engage the lock, Donna opened it and said, quite
perkily, “Hi.”

“Oh, hi: did you get my message?”

“Come in,” socialized Parkinson. “I was hoping you would come
over.”

Lin measured their eye contact as if the out-of-left-field invite might
have been prompted by a hidden agenda, rather than the sincere innocence
reflected by Donna’s cheerful smile. All she wore was a long, baggy T-shirt.

While slowly pocketing Stephanie’s key, Lin stepped into her
unpredictable neighbor’s long-overdue, fantasy come-true and said, “Uh-
OK.”

The door was closed and locked behind them.

“I know what you’re thinking,” sensed Donna, “but there’s no
one here but the three of us.”

Lin watched her host walk across the dinette and into the hallway that
led to the bath and bedrooms.

“Look for yourself,” motioned Donna while standing innocently in
Stephanie’s room doorway.

“Oh-shit,” whispered Danner when she realized that what was about to
happen was about to happen.

Lin didn’t hesitate. Her curiosity wouldn’t let her.

“What’s going on here?” she asked while walking into her best
friend’s unavoidable disclosure. “Oh-my-God.”

Stephanie’s exhausted expression gazed up at the astonishment on her
confidant’s wide-eyed and opened mouth reaction to her helplessness. Lin
stood, frozen in her tracks, with arms at her sides and fingers rigidly extended
to express the shock and amazement building inside.

Meanwhile, Donna discreetly peeled off her T-shirt and dropped it
carefully onto the floor. She then reached for the plastic bag sitting on
Stephanie’s desk to the left of the door, from which she extracted a moist,
white pad of soft fabric and waited for the right moment to spring a trap
she’d been setting all her life.

Stephanie flushed with embarrassment again and said sheepishly, “Hi.”

“HI?” countered Lin. “What the hell is going on here?”

When the realization of what was about to unfold dawned on Danner’s
powers of deduction, her expression mirrored her astonished friend's, for Lin
could not see what was happening behind her back.

“NOOOOOOO!”

“No, what?” asked the Asian beauty just before feeling Donna’s
strong arms around hers, pinning them to her body while the chloroform-soaked
pad pressed firmly against the middle of her face. “Muh!?”

All Stephanie could do was watch, work the rope between her legs, and
enjoy the on-again-off-again continuation of her unrelenting multiple.

Lin’s struggling was intense, to say the least. She kicked, screamed,
squirmed and violently expressed her unwillingness like she’d never expressed
it before, but to no avail. The element of surprise and Donna’s strength and
determination made for a formidable combination to overcome. A pump flew off and
onto Stephanie’s dresser, where it knocked over a few perfume bottles and
Lin’s picture. The other hit the ceiling and came down on Danner’s rump.

Lin had also developed a well toned, currently pumped up physique, and at
the very same gym Parkinson had disciplined hers. But the unfair advantage each
lungful of chloroform introduced into the evenly matched clash of wills and
muscle tissue dashed to the ground any attempt at escaping Donna’s extremely
motivated, viselike grip. And since Lin was not aware she was being
chloroformed, she never thought of holding her breath. Within just a few
seconds, her outrage, shock and fear melted away and into a pathetic, no-choice
display of underwhelming effort.

Watching the action made Stephanie crazy with mortification and elongated
sensual satisfaction. She couldn’t think or say a thing as the sight of
Lin’s body grew limp, her eyes closed, and her brain wave activity dropped
from 20 to 4 cycles per seconds. It had taken less than a minute for Donna to
easily, but with some initial effort, subdue, carry to and dump her latest girl
toy on the bed, right on the backs of Danner’s widely spread legs.

‘Goodness,’ thought the 36-year-old Pennsylvanian to herself when the
bizarre event caused her to reach the end of her proverbial rope.

Without so much as a word of intention, Donna then carefully stuffed the
chloroformed cloth back into its bag, sealed and tossed it back onto the desk,
and slammed the door behind her as she headed back to her captured cock for more
kinky fun and games.

“YESSSSSS!”

Meanwhile, back at The Studio’s room number two, Molly Sims’
shoulders and head thrashed wildly to keep the handcuff key at the end of the
thread around her neck from losing its swinging momentum. Another inch of
altitude and an extreme exertion of her upper body against the chest ropes
finally managed to give her enough leeway to grab onto the key, which she pulled
from the thread with ease.

“MUHUMUHUHMMMUHUH!” (YEEEESSSSS!)

“Now, where were we?” quipped Donna Parkinson when she peeled her
captive’s T-shirt off her gorgeous upper body and jumped up onto the bed and
between his legs.

The expression on Roger’s gagged face did not betray the frustration
he’d been suffering since Donna left the room, but when she roughly grabbed
hold of his erection with both hands and squeezed hard, he could not help but
register his reluctant delight.

“Muhuhuhuh!”

“Now I remember,” she smiled. “I was fucking you and you were doing
exactly as you were told.”

Roger had long since decided not to do anything that would prevent him
from achieving his first orgasm of the evening, regardless of the consequences.

“I know what you’re thinking, Roger dear,” guessed Donna as she
impaled herself on his rock hard, ten-inch appreciation of both his stringent
situation and the breasts of his surprisingly capable and imaginative playmate,
“so don’t even think about it.”

“Muhuh,” moaned the 21-year-old hunk before closing his eyes.

“They are something, aren’t they, Roger,” she smiled gleefully,
“and real, too. Wanna fondle them; squeeze and pinch them; tie them up? I’ll
bet you do, and so do some of the other hulks at the gym. But you’re the one I
chose to be my bound and bothered eye candy. Why?”

She hadn’t started pumping his vitals yet, but continued taunting the
210-pound, muscle-bound trophy winner into maximum, rock hard extension.

“…Because you were the only one who actually propositioned me in this
direction. THAT’S why you’re here and not Bobby Boy, or Quincy, Jack or
Blood Brother Chingichicook.”

Roger did his unsuccessful best to fight off the urge to achieve some
kind of friction, but he was drawn and tied so tightly to the bed, there was
nothing he could do to bring any kind of controlled stimulation to his aching
erection, even if he wanted to.

“…No-no-no, my man; not until I decide, and not until you show me
just how helpless you are. Now scream your head off. I want to HEAR your
frustration and watch the rest of your rippling hard body show me just how well
tied up you are.”

The weight of Lin’s body on Stephanie’s upper legs had placed more
dead weight pressure on the line that ran from the arm glove ring to the top of
the bed frame, bringing more discomfort to bear on the straps around her chest.

“Good grief.”

And since she’d completely spent the last of her current multiple, the
growing, sensual impact of the pain it caused began to wear on her tolerances
for the first time. She’d never felt such physical distress before, and
wasn’t about to let it escalate any further.

“DONNA! Please let me out of this! I’ve had enough!”

The sweet sounds of Danner’s impending breaking point bounced around
Roger and Parkinson’s thinking for a bit, slowly and irreversibly tweaking the
kinky sensors of their highly and finely tuned sensuality. Donna placed the
palms of her hands down on her boy toy's hairless chest, dug her long, flaming
red nails into its bulging muscle tissue, raised her lower body slowly from his
rod and gave both she and Roger the first fuck pump of their current episode in
the fine art of delayed gratification.

“LOUDER, Stephanie, we can’t HEAR YOU!”

Roger closed his eyes to fully savor Donna’s painfully slow descent.

“You, too, muscles,” she reminded, in concert with the second round
of audiovisual, erotic input of the evening.

“PLEASE! PLEASE, let me out of this, Donna,” begged Stephanie while
the pain grew more intense and the decibels of both Roger’s and his Domme’s
passion ricocheted around the hallway and bedrooms of the apartment. “This
isn’t FUN anymore!”

“EXACTLY, Miss Goody Two Shoes! But if you were me right now, your take
on the matter would be a whole lot more…Oh-YES! YES!”

That’s when something extraordinary happened to Stephanie’s
sensibilities. Her roper’s apparent apathy towards her protests sent a chill
up and down her spine when she realized the unacceptable pain she was
experiencing would continue to escalate against her will, no matter how much she
pleaded. Damsel-in-distress-wise, Danner’s redlining concerns and discomfort
had succeeded in reigniting her passion in a way she not only did not expect,
but revealed a side of her she did not, up to now, know existed.

‘Who AM I!?’

Donna was teetering on the edge of her orgasm when Roger decided to pull
out all the stops and ejaculate into her for the first time in their rather
bizarre relationship. The look in his eyes spoke volumes to the impending event
and gave his top all the justification she needed to eventually wreak as much
havoc as his disobedience and her dissatisfaction inspired.

“NOOOOOOO!” she screamed, while doing her best to reach closure
before the damn broke. “Not NOW!”

Stephanie’s powers of deduction inspired a prickly thought or two.

“What’s the matter, Parkinson, aren’t things going as planned?”

Regardless of Roger’s disobedience, Donna managed to join in the
orgasmic mountaintop of the moment, in spite of the premature defiance of her
switch/bottom’s lack of willpower. The erotic chorus of ejaculating and
imploding gratification that escaped the now happy couple’s lips only added to
Stephanie’s discomfort. She gave up begging for mercy, lowering her head in
humiliated resignation to appreciate the unexpected fireworks between her crotch
roped legs.

“DAMN!”

Meanwhile, back at The Studio, Molly Sims was packing up her gear and
deciding on what next to do. Her first call was to Donna’s cell phone. She
didn’t bother to leave a message. Since The Studio had been completely
vacated, and its elevator disenabled, she had to walk down to the ground floor
while placing her second and third call. They, too, bore no fruit. A few minutes
later SHE received one.

“Hello?”

“It’s Donna. Write down this address.”

She was standing, naked, over Stephanie’s thoroughly exhausted and
pained bones.

“But that’s in Jersey,” said Molly when directions to Fort Lee were
also fed into her very horny and confused awareness.

“Just get into your car and get the hell over here as soon as you
can.”

After closing her phone, Donna glared at Stephanie and refreshed her
memory.

“Didn’t I tell you not to make a sound?” (Her tone was
decidedly emotionless.)

“Oh, please,” responded Danner. The stare she flashed at her
roommate’s naked form bristled with diametric reflection. “This is no time
for indignation. I’m in some serious pain here.”

“I know,” said Donna. She then left the room, only to return a minute
later with some choice items, one of which was a huge hunting knife.

After dumping almost everything else on the floor, she slowly and
menacingly stepped towards Stephanie with the knife in one hand and a small, red
velvet bag in the other.

“What are you going to do?” asked a now, very wigged out damsel in
distress.

“That depends on how well you follow instructions from now on.”

Donna tossed the knife on the mattress, just under Danner’s nose, sat
on its edge, and removed the contents of the bag: a large wad of soft-white
cloth and a shiny-red ball gag with black strap.

“Open your mouth,” said Roger’s date to Stephanie’s bewildered,
but hesitant displeasure.

Donna grabbed a fistful of hair and pulled hard before stuffing the cloth
into her roomies mouth, forcing her jaw open completely, and then some. The ball
gag was too big, of course, but that didn’t stop the fuming Ms. Parkinson from
forcing it in as far as it would go and then engaging its strap.

“There, that should keep you quiet while I tend to Lin’s just
desserts,” said Donna, with knife in hand. One swipe of the razor sharp Bowie
Knife cut the arm binder, suspension rope.

Stephanie fell to the bed with a thud and a wince when the nipple bondage
was squashed painfully between her breasts and the mattress.

"UHNK!"

Donna spilled her guts as she removed Lin's top and applied a second arm
binder to her unconscious bones.

“Red is more her color, don’t you think?” she noticed. “Now
let’s get down to it. Ever since you moved in here I’ve been scheming for a
way to get both of you tied up at the same time. And don’t worry; I’m not a
lesbian or anything like that. I just like to create situations like this for my
own amusement, and, when possible, the amusement of the others involved.
That’s why I joined The Studio.”

Stephanie felt her ankles being freed from the bedposts…

“Sit up,” ordered Donna in a sterner tone of voice than her detainee
had heard before.

While Danner did as she was told, Parkinson reached for the felt, gag bag
for another mouth restrainer. In lass than a minute, Lin was stuffed and
black-balled exactly as her best friend had been.

“It will be interesting to see how she reacts to all of this.”

Stephanie watched her roommate use a few lengths of thick rope to
parallel bind Lin’s legs together at the ankles and just above the knees. She
did the same to Danner, but made sure the heels were tied on too.

“Why not take a nap,” suggested Donna, then walked to the door and
grabbed its knob, turned and said, “I’m sure Lin will awaken you when she
comes to.”

She smiled sardonically while slowly closing the door behind her.
Stephanie looked down at her friend, then at the weighted nipple tether.

‘I wonder if John knows what’s going on here.’

And Molly Sims thought while driving across the George Washington Bridge,
‘Maybe it’s a party.’

The sun was rising behind her.

‘Then again, maybe not.’

Regardless of what she thought she was heading for, Molly was,
nonetheless, grateful for having been included in the night’s festivities and
looked forward to anything Donna had in mind.

Lin’s first thoughts were of the ordeal she’d fought through just
before the chloroform made mince meat of her consciousness. Attentiveness to how
widely her mouth was forced open sent a chill down her spine, for she instantly
knew it was there to shut her up. What she didn’t know was why it was there in
the first place, and why its measures were so extreme.

She also remembered seeing flashes of herself and Donna in the oval,
standing mirror in the corner of the room during their wrestling match.

'She was naked…She wasn't naked when she…Oh-God, what if she's a dyke
or something…'

She and Stephanie were lying parallel on their stomachs, with heads
facing each other. As the dizziness of the knockout juice’s effect wore off,
Lin slowly opened her eyes to gaze upon the sight of her friend’s bound but
sleeping body a few feet away.

‘Goodness, she’s…and I’m…’ noticed Lin as the tight feel of
the arm binder caught up with her physical senses. ‘My legs too…Holy shit,
I’m bound and gagged on The Steph’s bed, and TOPLESS?'

“Muh!”

The unyielding pressure of the ball gag and the stuffing behind it made
it abundantly obvious that whoever bound her did not want anyone to hear
anything that would have erupted from her disapproval had the black mouth
spreader and stuffer not been applied.

Her astonishment was as over-the-top as it had ever been. ‘Donna?!’

She immediately tore into her bondage, wildly thrashing against the
restrictions it was placing on her mobility. The aura pulsating from the bed
waxed visceral as the comprehension of her situation slowly-to-completely dawned
on Lin’s supercharged awareness.

‘MY-GOD, why are we trussed and gagged like this, and so expertly?’
questioned her compounding bewilderment.

“MUHUH!” she screamed, while glaring at Stephanie and writhing in her
first escape attempt. ‘DAMN-this-is-tight!’

Danner woke quickly from her 20-minute nap and wondered, ‘Oh-geeze, now
what?’

For the next several seconds, they did their best, but failed to
communicate anything other than the fact that neither could free themselves from
their predicaments.

Stephanie carefully watched Lin’s perplexed expressions of awe and
amazement turn to frustration, fear, then high energy anger, which did much to
reignite the fire between The Studio’s latest initiate’s inner thighs.

‘Oh-wow, I’m getting hot again. How is that possible?’ she realized
with mixed dismay, while watching Lin sit up and move to the right side of the
bed, where she lowered her bound legs to the floor and turned to face her
sleepy, but once again, very turned on friend.

‘I don’t think she’s appreciating this the same way I am.’
noticed Danner.

While Stephanie’s severely and, under the circumstances, gratefully
masked facial expression reflected the fuzzy fallout of her unbridled passion,
Lin’s showed no sign of her bondage having any kind of sexual effect over her
whatsoever.

The look she flashed at Danner’s exhausted countenance said it all.

‘How can you just lay there without doing something to get us out of
this mess?’

In an effort to maintain parallel, albeit diametric mindsets, Stephanie
mustered the last of her strength to sit on the edge of her side of the bed. But
as she lowered her six-inch heels to the floor, a thought crossed her mind when
Lin stood and hoppped her way to the door.

‘Oh-shit.’

The sight of her current roommate’s efforts set off all sorts of
fireworks within the gushing wet spot she’d long since taken for granted
during the course of the night.

‘Oh-God, I hope she doesn’t see or smell it,’ she prayed before
deciding to keep her distance, for fear Lin would pick up on the telltale odor
emanating for an undetermined distance around and about her pulsating pussy.

When Lin reached the door, she did all she could to turn its knob by
applying downward, counter clockwise pressure on its knob with the end of the
arm binder.

The more Stephanie watched and pondered all the possibilities and
eventualities, the closer she came to achieving the umpteenth multiple of the
night.

‘I’m gonna want this all the time,’ she realized. ‘I wonder if
The Studio has an appointment book.’

Lin flashed her trusted friend another stern look when the knob turned
and she managed to pull the door open a crack by wedging the hand glove on the
arm binder between the knob and the door.

‘Why is she just sitting there looking at me strangely?’

Stephanie lifted her shoes off the floor and motioned towards them with
her eyes and head, as if to say, ‘Hop over there in these? You gotta be
kidding.’ The cover-up tactic seemed to have no effect on her friend’s,
no-excuses determination.

She watched Lin slowly and fully open the door until she was leaning pu
against it, peering into the hallway between glaring glances at Stephanie’s
motionless resignation.

‘Oh, well,’ thought Danner, ‘might as well play this out and hope
for the best.’

She stood carefully, and with considerable effort, and started hopping
towards the door. As she did, the five-ounce sinker dangling from the nipple
tether bobbed about, intermittently increasing its weight by from
six-to-ten-ounces whenever gravity dictated.

Lin leaned back against the door to watch and think, ‘I’ll bet THAT
smarts, unless she LIKES that sort of thing… Holy moley, if she DOES, then
that means…’

Just then, the door across the hall opened. Donna stood in sexy-black,
strapless bra, panties, and skyscraper heels, smiling gleefully.

“Right on time; please hop on over.”

Both Lin and Stephanie’s eyes were immediately drawn to Roger’s
not-quite-grotesque, and very severely tied muscular nakedness on the bed.

“NOW!” commanded Donna.

Her latest playthings jumped to the task, hopping side-by-side across the
hall, ahead of Parkinson’s self-satisfaction.

“Stop,” she said, softly.

Roger looked up at the two new damsels in his life and breathed deeply,
taking in the sight of their bondage, while squirming a bit in his own.

All three then stared down at his
10-inch response to both Donna’s provocative, ‘Victoria’s Secret’ look
and the new stimuli standing in the doorway…

Using several turns of thin fishing line, (not the synthetic stuff)
Parkinson had tightly imprisoned Roger’s rock hard cock from its base, all the
way up to just below his circumcision, leaving the head fully exposed in all its
purple prominence. Each turn of line had been stacked atop the one under it, a
detail that did not escape the gawking curiosities of Lin’s and Steph’s
edification. A hangman’s noose, with the knot underneath, imprisoned Roger’s
scrotum as well, forcing his balls to bulge and extend parallel to the mattress
as a consequence of its slack being tightly drawn to and tied to the middle bar
at the foot of Donna’s big brass bed. They hung over each side of the knot,
creating a sight neither Lin nor Stephanie had ever seen before.

‘Oh-my.’

‘Oh-my.’

“Just thought you two would like to know what else is going on while
what’s going on with you is going on in the living room,” said Parkinson
before grabbing two fistfuls of hair and pulling Lin and Stephanie back into the
hallway. “Get moving,” she snapped as she pushed them towards their next
ordeal and slammed her bedroom door.

‘I’ve never seen her like this,’ noticed Lin, ‘and the beefcake
on the bed; what the HELL is going ON here?’

Watching them hop precariously to God-knows-what-was-going-to-happen-next
was an especially gratifying sight.

“So now you know some of what I’m into,” confessed Donna, “and,
like it or not, I’m going to keep you two tied up until my satisfaction is
completely satisfied…On the couch.”

Stephanie led the way. Lin followed close behind. Donna didn’t wait for
them to do what they had been told. Instead when they turned to negotiate the
sit-down, she shoved them both in the chest and they fell backwards and onto the
couch.

The several lengths of rope laid out neatly on the floor in front of them
sent a shiver up Lin’s spine and a new wave of sexual stimulation to her best
friend’s drenched spot.

‘I’d better put my foot down before this gets too out-of-hand.’

“You,” pointed Donna at Lin’s seething countenance, “on the
floor, with your head over her.” She lifted her left heel and lowered it to a
specific spot, then left the room saying, “And if you’re not on your
stomach, with your nose on the carpet, when I get back, I’ll make sure you
regret not having done so for the rest of the weekend.”

The subtle sting of hopelessness raced through Lin’s nervous system
when Donna’s warning tone struck her ego in a way that suggested she do
exactly as she was told, at least for now, before considering a more rebellious
posture.

‘The WEEKend!? My-God, I’m the unwilling victim of Donna’s dark
side.’

Stephanie watched and writhed in her no-choice excitations as Lin
struggled to the edge of the couch and made the move as quickly as her bondage
would allow. Since both wore identical arm binders, and had been gagged and leg
bound the same way, the vicariousness of the scene did much to heighten and
enhance Danner’s visual perspective.

‘Oh-shit,’ remembered Lin when she noticed it was only Sunday,
‘it’s Memorial Day Weekend.’

Add to this the obvious displeasure Lin’s body and facial language were
adding to Stephanie’s overwhelmed sensibilities, and a whole new can of
psychological worms opened and poured out all over the inexperienced damsel’s
severely upgraded bondage and discipline sophistication.

The sound of Donna’s heels clicking down the hall brought both women to
stricter attention. Lin immediately pressed her nose to the floor and wondered,
with extreme trepidation, what was going to happen next.

While using a pair of scissors to free up her very angry, but very
nervous neighbor’s big toes from her pantyhose, Donna spoke her mind and
tended to binding them together with several tight turns of fishing line.

“If you’re wondering why all this is happening, Missy- I’m not
going to tell you.” She cinched the toe tie and reached for a 20-foot length
of quarter inch nylon line. “I will, however, give you lots of time to think
about the reasons while I’m occupied elsewhere.”

‘Lots?’ wondered Lin as a cold fear engulfed her. ‘What’s
LOTS?’

She tied the end of the 20-footer to the ankle cinch. “Ever been tied
up before?” While waiting for an answer, Donna guided the line under Lin’s
feet, threaded its other end through the ring in the strap at the top of the arm
glove and pulled out all the slack. “Just nod your head.”

‘If she thinks I’m gonna go along with this by divulging personal
information, she’d better think again.’

Lin’s decision not to volunteer that information got an immediate
response from her binder’s displeasure. One of the four couch cushions was
placed under her upper chest, and another under her knees, which bent her back
considerably, and slightly loosened all the arm binder straps as well.

“MMMUHUHUHMMM!!!”

“Was that a yes or a no,” chided Donna as she pulled out the slack in
the arm binder ring hogtie. She then threaded the end of the line between the
back of Lin’s calves and guided the leading slack over and between the toe
bind.

Stephanie watched, transfixed by the strictness of the fix as the line
was then threaded under the back of the ball gag strap, back over and between
the toe cinch, back down between Lin’s calves and then to the am binder ring.
Donna was obviously a Mistress to be reckoned with as far as rope bondage was
concerned.

Stephanie’s awestruck attention went nuts with concern when Donna
grabbed Lin’s hair, pulled her head back as far as she could, and tightened
the slack in the hogtie lines until there was none left. She then knotted the
end of the rope to the arm binder ring and stepped around in front of Lin’s
hopelessly bound and gagged countenance.

“One more time,” said Parkinson’s determination, “have you ever
been tied up?”

Since there was no way she could nod her head now, Lin simply said “MUH!”

“I’ll take that as a yes,” presumed Donna while tightening all the
arm binder straps another two belt notches. She then sat down next to Stephanie
on the couch and asked, “Everything complicated enough for you?”

‘Yes,’ nodded her roommate.

“Would you like me to make it more complicated?”

Danner thought back on some of the fantasy elements she’d specified in
her Studio form, looked down at Lin, and shrugged.

Donna stood abruptly and reached for more rope.

“On the floor, nose here.”

And Lin thought as she watched Donna do her thing and Stephanie make the
move, ‘She is NOT going to get away with this…DAMN! I can’t move at
ALL!’

Molly Sims also knew Donna from the gym, but had never been formally
introduced to Lin, though they had crossed paths when walking from one piece of
apparatus to another.

As with Roger, she was a switch, but, unlike him, preferred bottoming
whenever given a choice. The Studio had been a very large part of her social
life for more than a month, but she’d never been involved with an out-of-house
adventure before.

She was in the middle of maneuvering her Saturn into a parking spot that
had taken a good ten minutes to find when her cell phone signaled.

“Hi.”

“Where are you?”

“Parking two blocks away.”

“Good. I’ve instructed the desk man to keep an eye out for you, but
don’t knock until exactly seven o’clock. Are you still wearing the same
outfit?”

“Yes.”

Donna proceeded to give her partner in fun very specific instructions as
to what she should do upon her arrival.

“And be sure to bring your gear bag,” said Donna Parkinson just
before discontinuing the conversation and kneeling down in front of Lin and
Stephanie’s worried expressions.

They were on their stomachs in the middle of the living room, hogtied
exactly alike, couch cushions and all. Stephanie’s heels had been removed so
her toes could be tied like Lin’s as well.

She watched from an optimally visual position as Donna roughly removed
the cushion’s under Lin’s chest and knees, which, of course tightened all
the hogtie ropes, and considerably increased the pressure on the ball gag and
toe cinch.

‘OMG!’

“Are you ticklish, Linnie?”

Without waiting for another answer, she started working on the sole’s
of her new playmate’s feet with her long fingernails.

“MUH…MUH…MMMMMMUHUHUH!”

Lin’s struggling went ballistic for the next minute or so.
Stephanie’s also shifted into high gear, while doing her best to hump the now,
slightly loosened, thanks to her new bowed posture, crotch knots against the
floor. She could see Lin’s facial as well as physical responses to the
professional tickling job Donna was taking great pleasure in ministering.

As the minutes passed, a weird mix of anger, laughter and frustration
emanated spectacularly from out of Lin’s voice box and overall, physical
response to the obviously well practiced way Donna was tickling the most
responsive parts of her twitching and vulnerable feet.

Stephanie could not take her eyes off the Lin’s wildly undulating
protestations.

It suddenly occurred to Roger that he might also soon be a victim to his
date’s way of getting around victimizing playmates who were not into being
traditionally tortured. A bondage video on the 32-inch TV screen in the corner
did much to keep him hard for whatever Donna’s insatiable sexual appetite had
in mind next.

“That’s enough for now,” she decided as she pulled the couch
cushions out from under Stephanie’s severely hogtied posture and headed for
the bedroom on her next line.

“See you sooner or later, depending on whether or not I decide to take
a nap after I’m through with Roger.”

The new pressure placed on Stephanie’s ball gag, neck and toes was all
it took to propel her into yet another round of bondage orgasms.

Before reaching the bedroom, Donna kicked off her heels and undid the
clasps on her strapless bra. The panties were off before she hit the bed and
straddled Roger’s groin.

“Having fun, sport?”

Lin looked her best friend in the eye to see if she could read whether or
not she was having as good a time as she wasn’t. Stephanie’s eyes were half
closed and glazed over with the sort of dead-minded reflection one usually sees
on the faces of dogs fucking.

‘Holy shit- she’s actually getting off on this. WOAH!’

It was then Lin decided to see what rolling on her side would achieve in
the way of mobility and comfort levels. Again, Stephanie could not stop staring
at her co-hogtied friend’s way of dealing with her bondage, which, of course,
inspired all kinds of empathetic energy to pass between them, most of which went
straight to Danner’s gushing, continually pleasured vitals.

Meanwhile, down in the lobby, Molly Sims checked the digital chronometer
on her cell phone and bitched to herself about having to wear a black-leather
jacket to cover up the top of her red, spandex body suit. The sweat both
produced was pouring down her back, making her normally impatient nature bristle
with annoyance. The guy at the desk threw her a look every so often, just as
Donna knew he would. Molly did her best not to encourage him as the seven
o’clock hour rolled around and her speculations as to what was going to happen
when she knocked on Donna’s door grew more and more self-stimulating.

'She never tells me anything…Maybe that's a good thing…I hope she
doesn't tell me to tie myself up again…Then again…'

6:56 AM

The volume of Donna’s orgasmic delight was tapering off just as a call
from the desk phone rang out throughout the apartment to announce that Molly was
on her way up. It only rang twice, as per Parkinson’s instruction to Fred, the
lobby guy.

Roger watched as his date finished up with him again, jumped from the
bed, and headed for her red-silk robe, saying, “Perfect.”

When she walked into the living room and saw Lin lying on her side, she
said, “Did I tell say you could do that? Looks like another beautiful day,”
noticed Donna as she walked to and opened the terrace door and insect screen.
“How about we cool Lin off for a bit before moving on to the next part of your
fantasy, Stephie.”

With very little effort, she grabbed the lower hogtie line and lifted her
latest plaything off the floor like a suitcase and carried her out onto the
terrace, placing her on her stomach, facing the door.

‘That must have smarted,’ figured Danner.

“No rolling over till I get back,” ordered Parkinson before walking
back into the living room and closing the curtains so no one could see Lin’s
unprecedented predicament. An afterthought followed.

“And if you so much as utter a whimper, you will spend the next four
hours out there like that, all by yourself.”

Stephanie was beside herself with indescribable emotional and physical
deliria.

Donna’s discernment of that observation was, to the say the least, a
mind blower.

‘And I’ve been her ROOMMATE all this time, and didn’t have a
CLUE!’

As instructed by her trusted Domme, Molly knocked hard on the door four
times. Both Lin and Stephanie were instantly frozen with fear.

“Shit!’” whispered Donna Parkinson, real hard, as she placed her
hands on her hips and play acted extreme dismay.

A few seconds passed. Even Roger held his breath, for he had no idea what
Donna was up to, and, by the way she’d slipped into a whole new persona since
binding him securely to the bed, decided to keep silent for fear of arousing her
darker nature anymore than it had already been.

Another four, pounding knocks sent Donna into a hall closet for a
comforter, which, after grabbing Stephanie by the lower hogtie line and lugging
her into a corner of the living room, in back of the recliner, she used to cover
her while saying softly, but sternly, “Not a move or a sound.”

“Come in,” said Donna Parkinson to Molly Sims as she opened the door.

Eleven Minutes Later

Except for seven-inch Stilettos, strapped on, and a hundred or so feet of
tightly tied rope around her upper body and arms, Molly Sims was naked and
standing in front of Stephanie’s dresser mirror. Her elbows and wrists had
also been very tightly cinched together behind her back.

“You’ve been a good subbie, Mol, and, as promised, a reward awaits
your pleasure,” said Donna while tightening the ball gag belt buckle one more
notch, forcing the face cloth stuffing further back into her unsuspecting
slave’s gaping mouth.

“Now go stand in front of and facing the gold drapes.”

Stephanie’s room also had a terrace door. While Molly approached it,
the curtain was drawn, giving visual access to Lin’s situation.

“You can look but don’t touch until I get back.”

Sims could see Lin through the closed door, but not the other way around.

‘I wonder who the hell that is,’ pondered Donna’s longtime playmate
while pussy juice flow shifted into high gear and the door to the room slammed
closed behind her.

Twelve Minutes Later

Molly was now tied to Donna’s bedpost, facing the bondage video in the
corner, by a single length of thick rope that secured her neck, by way of a
hangman’s noose, with about two-feet of slack. Her legs were still free so she
could move around a bit and show off her securely bound figure to Roger’s
BD-aesthetic eye. Except for bedpost humping, neither could generate any
appreciable self stimulation whatsoever, but the eye candy effect did much to
amplify the delayed gratification aspect of their long-awaited introduction.

After removing the comforter from Stephanie’s completely spent
satisfaction, Donna lifted and carried her to the center of the living room for
untying. Lin could hear every word of what she said next.

“Now that you two know about me, I figure we should step back for a
while to think on our future as neighbors, roommates, playmates, whatever. This
was just my way of demonstrating how intense things could get if we ever decide
to session again. This is as rough as it will be with me if we do. Now you
know.”

After all the ropes were removed from Danner’s limp body, and her legs
lowered slowly and considerately to the floor, Donna pulled the terrace curtains
so Lin could see her undo the arm binder and remove the gag.

“I do hope you both enjoyed yourselves and that when I get back from
vacation you will have flashbacked on all this and decided on how best to
proceed. And, by the way, I am totally straight. However, I am also totally
bondage kinky, if you get my meaning.”

Donna took extra care not to move too quickly when freeing Stephanie from
the black-leather arm binder, laying her limbs down on the floor as gently as
possible. It was then that Danner saw the suitcases sitting next to the front
door.

The intercom phone rang.

“…Hi Fred…OK. Be down in a few minutes.”

A knock on the door was the cab driver to collect two huge suitcases,
telling Stephanie her roommate’s vacation could be at least a week, maybe
more.

“Be right there,” said Donna to her driver before grabbing the
comforter and covering Danner’s limp body on the floor. “Don’t move until
you hear the door close and the lock turned.”

Stephanie would have fallen asleep had Parkinson not given her last
instruction.

‘What was I thinking?’ she thought when the local memory of Lin’s
severely hogtied presence on the terrace dawned on her logic. ‘This is hot.’

Donna then closed the terrace door curtains and headed for her bedroom,
where she undid the knots holding Molly’s hangman’s noose to the bedpost,
and said, “Have fun, you two,” before leaving the room and slamming its
door.

The last thing Donna did after the driver carried out the bags was ask
Stephanie, “Want me to open the curtains?”

“…No.”

“OK- See you when I see you.”

The door was closed and locked, leaving Danner and her freedom to do
whatever she liked with the matters at hand. The first thing she did was place
some throw pillows on the floor and cover them with the comforter to make it
look like she was still under it. She then headed for her cell phone on the
bedroom night table to place the all-important call.

“Hi.”

“Hi.”

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

“Call me anytime,” offered my new girlfriend as she looked out onto
the terrace from her bedroom.

“I will.”

We both ended the call at the same time and smiled. Stephanie then got
naked, removed the sinker from the nipple tether and stood at her terrace door,
transfixed by the sight of her friend's continually rocking and shimmying
helplessness. It was all Lin could do to make any forward progress toward the
living room curtains.

As with the ‘No’ to Donna’s last question, Stephanie, without
thinking, started to stroke her crevice and pull on and pluck the nipple tether
as the daytime drama of Lin’s ordeal unfolded and the moaning, groaning and
whatnot of Molly’s pleasure and Roger’s unimaginable frustration
reverberated throughout the apartment…

‘Wow,’ thought Danner as she masturbated and got lost in another
outrageous moment.

When Lin’s nose eventually touched the curtain, and while still
stimulating herself, Stephanie opened her door to the terrace and stepped out
onto its cold cement surface, knowing her charge could not see who it was. She
also knew that her best friend thought that she was still under the comforter on
the living room floor.

The gently teasing feel of fingernails on the souls of Lin’s feet
stiffened her posture as she wondered if the folks next door would be able to
hear her if or when the muffled laughter she would certainly try to subdue
escaped onto the connected, but separated-by-partition terrace.

What she didn’t know was that the girl who lived next door was not
there by happenstance, but by design. And before Lin could think another
thought, the unmerciful tickling began and continued for the next minute,
thirty-two seconds before she could no longer suppress her laughter.

What seemed like an eternity passed before the sound of another terrace
door opening sent a jolt of fear racing down Lin’s and Stephanie’s spines.
The latter immediately started to spasm.

“Hey, you guys,” asked a sweet, female voice, “everything OK over
there?”

Stephanie stopped tickling her now very exasperated friend, walked while
climaxing to the terrace partition, and poked her head around its corner. She
said nothing, composed herself, then brought her right index finger up to her
lips, smiled and winked at Angelina’s perplexed curiosity.

“Oh, OK,” said the 26-year-old graphic artist before turning and
heading back to her bedroom.

Stephanie then leaned up against the terrace railing, and fingered the
last of her orgasm while watching Lin’s Herculean attempt to reach the terrace
door.

‘Amazing,’ commented Danner to herself at the sheer absurdity of the
moment.

She then walked to the bathroom to brush her teeth and freshen up, while
Lin managed to finagle her hogtied bones over the terrace door track, through
the curtain, and back into the living room. Thinking Stephanie was still under
the comforter, she continued to struggle and scream furiously in that direction
until she was atop its soft surface and throw pillows underneath.

‘What the…!’

It suddenly occurred to her that it might have been her trusted friend
who’d tickled her out on the terrace. The highly plausible conclusions she
reached made her livid.

After finishing up in the bathroom, Stephanie walked to her own room,
where she slipped into jeans and a T-shirt, and slowly stepped into the hallway
and onto the living room, where she sat on the couch, crossed her legs and arms
and said to her best friend’s anticipation, “Is Donna something else, or
what?”

The ongoing sounds of Roger and Molly’s diametric responses to the fix
in which Parkinson had left them continued to punctuate the emotionally charged
exchange of eye contact as Stephanie and Lin took stock of their moments of
truth and speculated on their current futures. While they did, and without her
even being consciously aware of it, Danner started dozing off, only to be
immediately awakened by Lin’s furiously fueled outbursts of severe and very
outraged consternation. This went on and off for a good ten minutes before
Stephanie finally keeled over and fainted with exhaustion.

And Lin thought, before screaming her head off and tearing into her
over-the-top hogtie afresh, ‘GEEZE! I hope she doesn’t think I’m ENJOYING
this!’

Molly, of course, was in bondage heaven, which compelled her to decide,
‘I have to free up all the time I can in case she calls again,’ while she
fucked her own brains out and added several rope burns to her wildly writhing
physique.

[Continues
in Part Five](studio5.html)

John Roper

With an illustration by Synthean

02.08.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Studio 5**](studio5.html)

o0o
