---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sophie_and_mark8.html
title: Sophie and Mark
authors:
- Twisted Smile
tags:
- F-m
- chastity
- strip
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- toys
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2026-06-16 00:00:00
---

### **8. Strip**

Like a torture scene, she laid out her tools on the bed - a pair of handcuffs, two bundles of rope, and a mystery package which had arrived earlier that day. She'd placed a chair in front of the bed, where I now sat, clothed, in anticipation.

Sophie was dressed in a black silk robe. She had a surprise, she said. Until then, I could only glimpse nylon calves, and the black heels that buckled around her ankles.

I was already straining inside the chastity cage.

As we'd laid in bed the night before, she had taken great pleasure in teasing me; her fingers, her tongue. She got me worked up - as much as the cage would allow me to get worked up - then turned her back, said good night, and turned off the light. I tried to spoon her, but she complained that the cage was poking her. So that was that.

I didn't know how long she planned to make me wear the cage this time. But I was optimistic about today.

#### **Play**

She closed her eyes, covered her face with both hands. She took a deep breath. Her posture changed, taller, more confident. The music started. Her eyes opened.

She ran her fingers down her cheeks, down her neck. A sultry smile. She ran her fingers along the collar of her robe, and she leaned forward as she dragged the collar open. The slightest peak of cleavage. I leaned in too. Had her boobs gotten bigger? She wagged her finger, and the collar pulled closed.

She grabbed my t-shirt, and roughly pulled it off. Her finger under my chin, she raised me, pulled my mouth close to hers, our lips almost… She pushed me back into the chair. She slinked over to the bed, lounging on her side. She raised a leg, bent, and the robe slid down, pooling at her hip. A hint of garter belt. She rested her head on one hand, and playfully twirled the ribbon tied around her waist.

"Strip."

I unbuckled my jeans. "Slower!" she demanded, "Sexier…" Okay. I turned my back to her, and, rocking my hips side to side, slowly snaked my pants down. The waistband caught on the cage, and I winced; but she couldn't see. And when my arse was fully bare, she gave an encouraging "woo!"

My pants, then bunched around my ankles, I stepped out with one foot, and kicked the clothes away with the other. I turned with my hands covering my crotch, playing at shyness. Then, wiggling my fingers like jazz-hands, slowly pulled them apart for the reveal.

She laughed, "veeery nice," and gave a tiny applause. "Sit."

She stood. With her finger tip, she pulled at the ribbon around her waist; slowly, the bow shrinking, slowly, down to the knot, slowly, about to pop… then spun around, turning her back. The ribbon dropped, the robe fell open, and she made a playful "oops".

She dipped the robe off her right shoulder. No bra strap, interesting. She popped it back up, and with a shimmy, dropped the left. The robe inched down her back, the slow reveal. A lattice of laces. Black leather. A corset! The robe paused just above her arse. She looked back over her shoulder, and with a wink, the robe dropped to the ground.

The bones of the corset traced lines down her back, into the straps of the garter belt, and along the seams of her stockings, into the spikes of her heels. She strutted towards me with a now familiar confidence. Silently commanding. She loomed over me, and I felt small in her shadow.

"What do you think?" She climbed onto my lap, "don't be shy." Her exaggerated chest in my face, the key around her neck. I didn't dare grab it. I ran my hands over the corset, my fingers riding the curvature of the boning, concave to the waist and flared from the hips, in sinuous perfection. The rough smooth texture. The smell. It was intoxicating.

"Fin-dom's not so bad after all, huh?" she said with a smug grin.

My hands kept flowing, sliding casually onto her arse. "Hey!" She slapped my hands away, "naughty boy." She got off my lap, "if you can't keep your hands to yourself…" She took the cuffs from the bed.

#### **Pause**

She pulled my hands behind my back, looping the cuff chain around a vertical slat of the chair's backrest. Disarmed. Now the torture.

Resting her hands on my thighs, she gyrated, rubbed her arse against the cage, knowing my trapped cock would get no pleasure from it. Standing, she pressed a heel painfully into my thigh, and thrust her hips at me. I licked my lips, and she laughed. She held my head and pulled my face into her cleavage. I kissed her, licked her. She purred. She pulled away.

She grabbed the brown paper package on the bed. "I'm sure you've been curious." She tore it open, "I got you a present." She pulled out a black ball gag. Except… this one had a 2 inch penis molded onto the silicone ball.

"You know, since you liked sucking dick so much."

"Fuck off," I said. She just laughed.

She pushed the silicone dick into my mouth; wanted to push the ball all the way behind my teeth. But when the tip hit the back of my throat, I convulsed. I shook my head, and when my mouth was empty, said "yellow, sorry."

"Tsk, we'll definitely need to work on that gag-reflex." To underscore the point, she took the gag all the way into her own mouth without flinching. Then, as she pulled it out, she mimed giving it a blowjob. "See, not so hard?"

Oh, I saw.

The compromise: the penis end sat inside my mouth, but the ball rested outside of my teeth. The strap was pulled tight, so that I couldn't push the gag out with my tongue. And if I were to open my mouth wide enough, the elasticity of the silicone straps would pull the ball all the way in. She gave the ball a teasing press, "boop," and fetched the ropes.

#### **Performance**

She pushed her hands between my thighs, and forced them apart, arranging my feet on the outside of the chair legs. She kneeled between my knees, and wrapped rope liberally around each ankle. She cinched the loops tight against the chair legs, and made a show of pulling the knots, hard.

Trapped. Helpless. Once again, at her mercy. Her fingers crept up my calves, along my thighs, making me shudder. Her head rose, demonic, between my vulnerable legs, her cheek, her hair brushing against them. I burned for her.

She stuck out her tongue. She licked, catching just the tip of the cage. She looked up at me, and with a malicious chuckle, she bit down on the cage. I couldn't feel it, but I winced anyway. She ran her tongue around the cage, took it into her mouth. I felt the heat of her breath, her lip brushing testicles. Fuck, I felt like my dick could shatter the cage.

She sprang up, and with a hand on my shoulder, dramatically stamped her heel down between my legs. I flinched. The pointed tip of her shoe landed just short of my testicles. She leaned in close, her knee pressed against my chest, and my God, I'd never felt so intimidated by her.

Her hand slid off my shoulder, down my chest, and onto her own leg. She ran her fingers along the shimmering highlights of the nylon, and I wanted desperately to do the same. She unbuckled the strap from around her ankle, and slowly slid the shoe off her foot. She teased the inside of my legs with her nylon toes, as she popped the garter strap free. She slid her fingers into the stocking, and my eyes followed as she caressed it down her thigh, along the arc of her calf, to gather at her ankle. She held the stocking by the toe, and whipped it away in a smooth sweep of her arm.

Now she sat - lounged - horizontal across my lap, an arm around my shoulder, her head on my chest. She reached her leg up, and one-handed, unbuckled the other shoe. She popped the heel out, letting it dangle from her toe with an odd suspense. Then, with a carefree flick of her ankle, let it fly away. She brought her foot up to the arm around my neck, and holding the stocking at the toe, drew her leg from it. She gave a kiss on the cheek, and stood, leaving the stocking draped around my neck.

She turned her back to me, and mimicking my own tease, rocked her hips as she slid down her pants. I would have given her arse a 'woo' as well, but my mouth was full. She turned with her hands over her crotch, her expression almost a parody, and pulled away one hand to reveal… she was giving me the middle finger. I rolled my eyes, and she kicked her pants at me. They bounced off my chest, and landed on top of the cage.

She held onto my shoulder, and rested a knee between my legs. She rolled her hips, and I felt the warm, wetness of her naked cunt rub against my leg. I was ravenous. I thrashed against the cuffs, wondering whether it would be the chair or my wrists that would break first.

She held the stocking from around my neck, and pulled us close. She kissed my neck, my cheek. She wrapped her mouth around the silicone ball, pushing at it with her tongue, trying to force it into my mouth. I bit down on the silicone cock.

She slid her hands down my arms until she found my hands. She held them as she kissed. And when she pulled away, I felt… she'd left something in them. She laid back on the bed, and I looked at her, confused.

"Shall we play a game?"

#### **Pursuit**

"The rules are simple…"

I fondled the object she'd pressed into my hand. Was it… a key? But not the key to the cage, that was still around her neck.

"If you can escape before I cum, I'll let you fuck me."

The key to my handcuffs? This was getting interesting.

"But," she licked her fingers, "if you DON'T escape in time," moved her hand between her legs, "the cage will stay on."

She gave no '3 2 1 go', and she already had a head start. Shit. Okay. Key. I turned the key outward and started prodding it toward the other cuff, but kept stabbing my wrist instead. Fuck. Where was the lock? I tried turning my head, and could just about spy the cuffs from the corner of my eye; could just about see the target. But moving the key towards it kept pulling the cuff out of the way. Damn it!

Meanwhile, Sophie was starting to purr, enjoying the show of my struggling. "Are you even trying?" I tried to ignore her. "Try jiggling it."

The key was getting closer. I clasped one hand onto the chair to stop the cuff moving. I brushed the tip of the key against the cuff until it… caught the lock. Yes! Wrapped around the chair slat, there was little slack in the cuff chain. I strained my hand, the metal digging into my wrist. I worked the key right to the tip of my fingers, and pushed and… oh, shit.

"Everything okay, darling?"

The panic made me gasp, and the gag took the opportunity to sneak past my teeth. I tried not to choke as the silicone dick invaded my throat. I pushed back with my tongue as much as I could. I had bigger problems right now - where the fuck did the key go?

I turned my head again, straining until it ached, scanning the ground. Nothing. I wiggled my fingers, grasped about and… oh, thank God. The key was still there, firmly planted in the lock. But too far away to get a good grip of it. The resistance of the locking mechanism frustrated my finger tips' attempts to turn the key, and I was losing precious--

\*click\*

Oh shit, I actually did it. My hands were free!

That got her attention. And now, first order of business - I unbuckled on the gag. The straps dropped, and I drew the dick slowly from my mouth. Mirroring her demonstration, I gave it a little suck, a playful lick. She enjoyed that.

"I'm coming to get you…"

"Uh oh," she said, mocking. She stopped rubbing herself and crawled up the bed. She opened a drawer in the bedside table, and pulled out… a vibrator?

"You little…! How is that fair?!"

"Aww, sweetie… who said anything about fair?"

Fucker. But I only had to free my ankles. That wasn't so hard.

"Ooooh yeah," she moaned dramatically, "I'm soooooo close."

She was messing with me. She had to be, right? Focus. Ankles.

The way she'd tied my legs, spread out, made reaching my ankles awkward ('should have stretched…'). I plucked at the knot with what finger nails I had, but it refused to budge. Frustrated, I squeezed, and shook, and anything else that might help it come apart. No good. She'd pulled the knots too tight. I SAW her pull them too tight. This had been her plan all along! Since when was she so sadistic? (I blamed the corset).

But wait. There might be another solution; because there was nothing anchoring the ropes to the chair. I stood gingerly, trying to keep my balance in that awkward, wide-legged stance. I bent backwards slightly, squatted to grab the seat of the chair. And I pulled it up.

"Ha!" The chair legs slid out of the ropes, "what do you think of that?"

She looked impressed. I jumped on her. I snatched the vibrator, and kissed her, victorious. But she pushed me back, "erm, aren't you forgetting something, darling?" She glanced down at my crotch, and I followed her gaze.

Fuck! The cage!

My eyes shot to her chest. Where was the necklace? It wasn't tucked into the corset. When had she taken the necklace off? Where the fuck was the key?!

I searched about, frantic. She was already pleasuring herself again. Was the key on the floor? Under the bed, maybe? She had a condescending look in her eyes. Wait, was that a glint of metal peeking out from under her arse?

Feral, I grabbed her, and flipped her out of the way to claim the key. She giggled as she flew through the air. And landing face down, she slid her hand straight between her legs.

"Better hurry, darling."

My fingers were shaking. I was so close to victory. Why was the lock so fucking small? The cage fell to the ground. I tried to pull the plastic ring off as well, but my erection wouldn't allow it. Whatever.

"Come here, you!" I grabbed her hips, and pulled her, screaming, to the end of the bed.

It didn't take long for her to cum. She had been so close to winning. But that didn't matter now. I'd come out on top, and I was going to enjoy her - my prize.

I felt a buzzing against my foot; the vibrator still alive. I picked it up, and held it against her as I fucked her. "No…" she moaned, "no… fair…" By the time I was finished with her, she had been exhausted. We were both winners in the end.

#### **Prize**

"Think I'm gonna need some help getting out of this corset."

"Kay." On balance, it was money well spent.

"By the way. I couldn't help but notice," she said, "that you're still wearing the ring from the chastity cage…"

But how did she get the corset on in the first place? Wait, what was she saying? What's that in her hand…?

"No!" I snatched the cage away from her, "don't you dare," and threw it as far as I could. Then I yanked the ring off (ow) and threw it too.

"I was only playing," she said, with a pouty innocence. She snuggled up close, "hey?"

"Yeah?"

"I love you."
