---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- F+-f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- clamps
- leash
- incest
- mast
- outdoors
- collar
- cuffs
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-07-26 00:00:00
---

### Part 8

#### Chapter 37: Ellie’s Battle

---

‘You’ve been a very naughty girl.’

The voice was her mother’s but when Ellie opened her eyes Goldie was standing over her. The blonde was wearing a fur coat wrapped tightly around her and hood drawn up.

‘Nnngh.’ Ellie tried to speak but she was gagged.

‘And we all know what happens to naughty girls.’

‘Noghh!’ She tried to shake her head but couldn’t.

‘That’s right,’ Amanda / Goldie said. ‘They get punished.’

Ellie was tied to a wooden plank, stretched out along it, hands tied above her head, straps round her body and across her forehead so she couldn’t turn her head. She was naked and the room was very cold.

‘Gor.’ She tried to say ‘cold’ and started to shiver.

‘Yes. That’ll be the shock setting in. Those are very nasty wounds.’

‘An I gong o die?’

Goldie shrugged and looked sad drawing her coat tighter about her body. ‘I did tell you not to buy that potion.’

The air became even colder and Ellie began to shiver more violently. It was becoming hard to breathe, the straps tightening around her chest made it hard to breathe.

‘I really don’t know why I’m wearing this. You’re the one in shock.’ Goldie shrugged off her coat to reveal that she was naked underneath. ‘But I do like the Russian princess look.’

It began to rain, small droplets at first, chill on her skin; Goldie put up an umbrella; then larger drops began to fall, icy cold water.

‘Such a waste of that beautiful body.’ Goldie leaned forward and ran a finger over Ellie’s breasts. ‘Oh well.’

A large red 0 appeared behind Goldie and the blonde looked round.

‘I guess this is it.’

‘Nnnngghh. Blsh.’ Ellie’s voice came out as little more than breath, a gasp. She really had been beginning to enjoy her adventures in Fantasia and, if she was honest, being a Seductress.

‘Well, since you asked so nicely.’ Goldie held the umbrella over Ellie’s body then stepped over her, legs straddling her head. Ellie could see the perfectly sculpted pussy spread in front of her face. The scent of arousal crept over her.

The Goldie began to pee.

---

Ellie spluttered and opened her eyes.

‘Fuck, Honey!’ It was Battle Babe’s voice, rich and deep. ‘You tryin’ to get me into trouble?’

‘I…’ She spluttered again as more…it wasn’t urine though it tasted like it.

‘You any idea, girl, how much paperwork I have to fill out if you get killed in your first adventure.’

‘Is she ok?’ Amanda’s voice was filled with anxiety.

‘She’s fine, Amazonne,’ BB said. ‘Least ’til I kill her myself.’

‘What happened?’

‘I think you know what happened.’ BB said, pouring more of the foul liquid down Ellie’s throat.

‘Will you stop that.’

Battle Babe grabbed Ellie’s jaw. ‘You gonna finish this,’ the big warrior said firmly or I gonna tan your ass.’

‘Here.’ Val held something up and Battle Babe turned to look at her. ‘Potion of Courage.’

‘Potion of fucking recklessness,’ the big warrior said. ‘Where you buy this shit, Honey?’

‘Honey.’ Amanda was kneeling beside her, tears in her eyes. ‘Are you…’

‘I’m fine, Mum.’

‘Did you…’

‘I took a Potion of Courage.’ Ellie glared at BB.

‘Courage…recklessness. They’re the same thing.’ She scowled. ‘Honey. You’re our Seductress. You may not be a Mage but you’re as wimpy as they are. You don’t fight. You were lucky that gnoll did hit you from the left.’

The spider silk dress had protected her a little but was now a ragged mess, reworked in a pattern that roughly approximated the wounds on Ellie’s body.

‘She’s right, Ellie,’ Val said. ‘No armour and a dagger that’s little more than a toothpick. Leave the fighting to the Warriors.’

‘They’re right, Honey.’ Amanda said.

‘I’m not a child, Mum.’ Ellie snapped.

‘You don’t talk to your mother like that.’ BB said looking down at Ellie sternly then she looked up as Amanda. ‘Was that a Feat of Strength?’

‘Yes.’ Amanda blushed, ‘Though it was my second today so I don’t think I get another one.’

‘Good call, Amazonne,’ BB said. ‘Sometimes the AI gives you a bonus or something from higher levels just to keep you interested. Are you ok?’

‘Yes, fine.’ Amazon’s eyes were shining.

‘Ellie.’ BB said, looking down again. ‘I’m serious. Stay away from magic unless you’re a Mage and, remember, the only good Potion is a healing one.’

Ellie nodded, making her world spin for a moment and she saw a red 3 turn to a flashing black 4 which became solid.

‘You’ll be fine by tomorrow,’ BB reassured her. ‘Now this is gonna hurt.’ She poured a little of the Healing Potion on Ellie’s chest and Ellie looked down feeling a burning as it ran over her wounds. She gritted her teeth as she watched the skin puckering and knitting together.

‘Isn’t that a waste?’ Val asked.

‘Gotta keep our Seductress looking beautiful,’ BB said. ‘She might be of some use one day.’

Ellie glared at the big Warrior and was about to protest when she saw the woman wink.

---

‘We should move out?’ BB said.

Val and Bu-Shi-Doll had searched the bodies although there wasn’t much to find.

‘Are you really ok, Honey?’ Amanda asked. The Adventuress had a blood-soaked bandage around her arm. ‘Do you have any other clothes?’

‘I’m fine, mum.’ Ellie shrugged. ‘Being naked is no big deal.’

‘Honey, you nearly died,’ Amanda said. ‘I had to save you.’

‘What do you want?’ Ellie said stiffly. ‘A fucking medal.’

‘Honey!’ Amanda glared at her and Ellie saw the hurt in her eyes.

‘What?’ Ellie persisted ignoring her mother’s distress. ‘You got XPs and your ‘mistress’ will be proud of you. You’ve only taken 1 point of Damage.’

‘Don’t you dare speak to me like that!’ Amanda said fiercely. ‘What were you thinking?’

Ellie felt her thoughts falter for a moment, become confused and wondered why she was behaving like this. She might have done this when she was fourteen, but now she was nineteen…

‘I didn’t want to let everyone down,’ she said, sullenly. ‘Like with the kobolds.’

‘Then you’d better learn to fight,’ her mother said harshly.

‘Hey, Amazonne,’ BB said. ‘Don’t encourage her. That Potion will still be in her system.’

‘I’ll be ok,’ Ellie said although she could feel what BB had said was true. There was a fierceness within her, a need to fight.

‘Even so, we’re going to have to keep you out of trouble. Better safe than sorry,’ BB said. ‘That was my last strong Healing Potion.’ She looked at Amanda. ’Amazonne, do you want to bind her or shall I ask Valkyrie to do it?’

‘What?’ Ellie spun round, her anger flaring again. ‘What do you mean ‘bind her’? I don’t need keeping out of trouble. I told you, I’m fine.’ She stalked towards Battle Babe with her fists clenched. ‘How dare you think that…’

‘Honey!’ Amanda laid a hand on her daughter’s arm.

Ellie shrugged it off. ‘Stay the fuck out of this, mum.’

‘You will submit young lady or I will pin you down and bind you myself.’ The huge warrior loomed over her, voice icily calm.

‘I bet you’d enjoy that,’ Ellie said. ‘Getting your hands on this.’ She gestured to her body, anger flaring. ‘Looks to me like you’re not getting enough if you have to spend your time shepherding novices round the place.’

‘Honey,’ Amanda tried again but Ellie continued to glare at Battle Babe.

‘I‘m ready if you are.’ Ellie reached for her dagger.

---

Ellie suddenly fell, knocked off her feet as Val hit her from the side with a diving tackle that sent them both sprawling. Caught by surprise, Ellie ended up on the bottom with Val sitting astride her clutching a coil of rope.

‘Watch and learn,’ Val smirked as she pinned Ellie arms and tossed a loop of rope around her left wrist. Ellie squirmed but her strength was no match for the warrior and soon she was flipped over onto her belly with Val pulling her arms behind her back and wrapping the rope around her right wrist then up and round her elbows pulling them tightly behind her.

Ellie gasped and squirmed but Val had her now and proceeded to lash rope around her chest and belly.

‘Is that really necessary?’ Amanda asked, watching as her daughter was laced into a rope harness that was clearly going to display her body sexily.

‘Can’t be too careful.’ Val said, pausing for a moment as Ellie uttered a series of increasingly vulgar expletives. ‘Will you get the gag from my pack.’

Amanda turned away surprised at the feelings of anger rising in her and bent over the pack, rummaging for the gag.

‘Here.’ She stepped forward to give the gag to Val but the blonde had turned Ellie over and was in the process of dropping a coil of rope around each of Ellie’s huge breasts before cinching them tight.

‘Oh, come on!’ Amanda folded her across her breasts, her voice cold. ‘There’s no need for that.’

Val looked up, apparently oblivious to the chill in her lover’s tone. ‘Seems a shame to waste the opportunity.’

‘Yes, I’m sure it does.’ Amanda said, acidly.

‘Leave my fucking tits alone you predatory harpy.’ Ellie was panting with exertion and her breasts were already starting to turn dusky, the nipples puckering.

‘Binding is one of my Character Skills.’ Val said casually pinching Ellie’s right nipple and triggering another torrent of abuse. ‘The Vikings were slavers among other things.’ She smiled up at Amanda. ‘I thought we might both appreciate that.’

‘Hmmm!’ Amanda was frowning.

‘Pass me the gag.’

Amanda held it out.

‘Just a moment.’ Val knotted a section or rope and tied it to the rope harness around Ellie’s chest then drew it tight between Ellie’s legs.

‘Hey!’ Ellie squirmed as the knotted rope bit deeply into her sex. ‘Leave me alone.’

Val flipped her over and slapped her hard on the buttocks, yanking the rope tight between Ellie’s legs. ‘Keep still or I’ll make it even tighter.’

‘Ow!’

Val straddled Ellie again, pinning her down and pushed the gag against her lips. ‘Open up, Honey or mamma use the quirt!’ Her voice was, Amanda thought unnecessarily playful.

‘Nnnn.’ Ellie suddenly quietened down and pressed her lips together, still struggling despite her bonds.

‘You asked for it.’ Val rolled Ellie back over and slapped her breasts and then pinched her right nipple. ‘Open up.’

‘Nnnn.’ Ellie shook her head.

‘Suit yourself.’ Val flipped the helpless girl over and dragged her across her knees then she slapped Ellie’s bottom again hard.

A second slap followed and then a third.

‘Val, stop it.’ Amanda protested.

‘Stay out of this Mand. I told you, you’re too soft on her.’

‘Don’t you…’ Amanda was about to tell her Mistress not to tell her how to bring up her daughter.

‘Shut up, Slave,’ Val shouted angrily. ‘I’ll punish you later.’

Amanda stopped, shocked, her face reddening.

‘Just accept the fucking gag,’ Val continued to slap Ellie’s rapidly reddening bottom. ‘My hand’s going to last longer than your ass.’

‘Alright.’ Ellie opened her mouth and Val slipped the gag inside then buckled it tightly behind her head.

‘Up you come.’ Val hoisted Ellie to her feet.

Ellie swung her leg and the toe of her boot contacted the metal plates in the front of Val’s boots causing her to scream into her gag and she began hopping round in pain.

Val grabbed Ellie by the hair with one hand and pulled her back against her body.

‘Doll, can I borrow your Maiko’s nipple clamps?’

‘Hai.’ The Samurai had been watching in her usual dispassionate way. Amanda watched as she retrieved the clamps from the pouch on her belt and passed them to Val who fastened them to Ellie’s nipples and a moment later Ellie was cursing again though considerably more quietly and shaking her chest trying to dislodge the steel claws that were biting into her nipples.

‘Hold still!’ Val said, grabbing hold of the chain between Ellie’s clamped nipples.

Ellie tried to pull away but Val jerked on the chain.

Ellie screamed into her gag.

‘Gonna be a good girl?’

Ellie glared and tried again to pull away then with a whimper of pain nodded although anger still flared in her blue eyes.

‘Very skilful.’ Bu-Shi-Doll nodded approvingly at the tightly trussed blonde whose breasts were already dark from their tight constriction.

Ellie made one final attempt to pull away but then stilled in a gesture that reminded Amanda of a newly bridled foal.

‘Good work.’ Battle Babe clapped Val on the shoulder applauding her performance.

Val accepted their praise, clearly very pleased with herself and, Amanda was sure, more than a little excited by her tussle with the busty blonde.

‘Time to go then.’ Battle Babe said, picking up her gear.

‘Yes, we should go.’ Amanda said in a voice that did not conceal her anger. ‘If you’ve quite finished groping my daughter!’

---

#### Chapter 38: Loyalties

---

Ellie was kept in bondage for the rest of the day and led along by her nipples. She walked silently behind Val and broodingly plotted her revenge. The rope the Viking had attached to the nipple chain to make her easier to lead her jerked her crushed nipples painfully with every step and the tight breast bondage made her breasts throb painfully. She soon realised she was glad of the gag; it meant she didn’t have to talk to anyone and it gave her something to bite down on when she stumbled and the rope jerked her tormented nipples even harder than usual.

Miako walked beside her for some of the way and occasionally talked to Val, usually to plead with the blonde warrior to release Ellie until her grandmother told her to come away or be gagged and lead along in a similar fashion.

Only Amanda kept her distance although at one point she did fall in beside Ellie walking silently and looking at her daughter with sideways glances then ahead at Val’s back. However, when Val turned to speak to her Amanda turned away and went to walk on her own.

Aside from thoughts of revenge, the only other thing that made the walk bearable was the knotted crotch rope. Ellie had thought it might chafe but, conversely, it rubbed her up exactly the right way. It was another reason why she was glad not to have to talk to anyone, after a few miles she wasn’t sure if she could keep her voice steady and she was glad to be left alone so nobody would notice the colour of her cheeks was as red as her recently spanked bottom.

‘Fuck!’ She thought as she watched Val’s chainmail skirt swinging over the woman’s tight bottom and took in the long tapering thighs and gently rounded calves.

For a terrible moment, she could even see what her mother saw in the relationship with the statuesque, dominant blonde; then she pushed that thought firmly from her mind and concentrated on the needs of her body and the very distracting feeling between her legs.

---

They camped by a river and Amanda, still silent and fuming, led Ellie to the river’s edge where she stripped off before leading her daughter into the shallows to wash the blood from her body. The wound, knitted now by the Healing Potion that had been poured over it, had left a tiny white scar on Ellie’s skin that was barely visible despite its deadly intent but the blood remained although an afternoon of drooling from her gagged mouth and sweating as she’d struggled to keep up in the afternoon sun had washed some of it off.

‘A u o mmm?’ Ellie managed to say around her gag.

‘What?’ Amanda remained distracted. ‘Oh, yes.’

Amanda reached round and undid Ellie’s gag.

‘Thanks.’ Ellie turned away trying to wipe the strands of drool from her mouth using her shoulder then gave up and turned to face her mother. ‘Can these come off too?’ She looked down at the nipple clamps.

Amanda frowned. ‘We should probably have done it the other way round.’

‘What?’

‘Clamps first then gag.’ Amanda said with a faint smile. ‘Bondage 101.’

‘Oh yes.’

Amanda saw Ellie’s blue eyes widen at the realisation and probably the memory of having the thief's clamps removed earlier and quickly reached for the clamp on Ellie’s right nipple.

Ellie tried to back away but Amanda was quicker and the blonde’s scream shattered the peace of the evening.

‘Will you keep that girl quiet!’ Battle Babe called over to her. ‘We don’t want every freelancer on the plain coming to find out why there is a girl screaming.’

‘Sorry,’ Amanda said, blushing.

Ellie was starting to back away again but her mother held the rope leash still attached to her left nipple clamp.

‘No. Mum, please.’

‘Better to get it over with, Honey.’ Amanda reeled her in like a fish on a line and released the clamp.

Ellie forced herself not to scream, bending forward and hissing with pain through her teeth.

‘I’m gonna get that bitch,’ Ellie managed to say as the pain passed.

Amanda looked over at Val who was gathering wood for a fire.

‘You may have to wait in line, Honey.’ Amanda said in a low, controlled voice, then she drew Ellie into the water and began to wash the remaining blood.

---

‘Mum, are you ok?’ Ellie whispered as Amanda led her from the water.

‘I’m fine.’ Amanda whispered back somewhat tersely. ‘Why wouldn’t I be fine?’ She added a little more loudly than was necessary.

‘Oh, I don’t know. You seem a little tense. Is it about Val tying me up like this?’

Amanda couldn’t meet her daughter’s eyes.

‘Mum, what is it?’ Ellie bent trying to meet her mother’s gaze.

‘I just don’t think she should be treating you like this.’ Amanda said, clearly uncomfortable.

Ellie grinned. ‘Worried I’m getting all the attention? I’m sure she’ll put you on a leash too if you ask her nicely.’

‘Honey!’ Amanda said. ‘I’m serious.’

‘Oh, come on, Mum. You’re not really jealous, are you?’ Ellie teased.

‘She was getting excited. She was running her hands over your body…groping you…my daughter!’ Amanda said fiercely. ‘She spanked you!’

‘Oh, Mum! I’m sure she was trying to look after me,’ Ellie said, her voice suddenly full of reason. ‘I mean, she was doing what BB told her and I was behaving like a…jerk.’ She glanced towards Val. ‘I’m ok with it.’ She seemed to force a laugh. ‘I mean if it’s any consolation…I can sort of see the appeal of…this bondage thing. I’ve had quite a lot of experience in the last couple of days.’ She smiled at Amanda. ‘And this rope between my legs is…well, it’s interesting.’

Amanda couldn’t help but laugh as she felt some of the tension she’d been feeling all day slip away. ‘You’re really all right with it.’

‘I mean, I’m not sure I’m a bondage junkie yet, but, well, it definitely has possibilities and I now understand why you and Val…’

‘Honey?’ Amanda felt her thoughts darken again. ‘Are you trying to tell me…?’

‘Oh no, mum. Stop right there.’ Ellie said firmly. ‘I’m really not interested. You’re welcome to her.’

Amanda frowned as a completely new scenario opened up to worry her.

‘Seriously, mum, with a body like this I can have anyone I want.’

‘Which reminds me.’ Amanda said with a frown. ‘Where did all your gear come from? As far as I’m aware you lost everything the night in the pillory.’

‘Oh, you know…’

‘I don’t know, Honey.’ Amanda said, in her best disciplinary tone.

Ellie was about to put her mother down in true teenage fashion when Amanda said. ‘You stole it, didn't you?’ Her mother’s voice was conspiratorial and edged with excitement.

Ellie couldn’t conceal a grin. ‘Not exactly.’

‘And what does that mean?’

‘I, er.’ Ellie felt her excitement rise. ‘It’s sort of a quest. That other Seductress is paying me to transport some goods for her.’

‘What goods?’ Amanda was suddenly alarmed. ‘Not drugs.’

‘No, mum, not drugs.’ Ellie suppressed a flash of irritation then she smiled. ‘Seductress stuff. Wands of Desire.’ She glanced around. ‘They, er, they make you horny…apparently.’

‘They make you horny?’ Amanda asked.

‘Yes.’ Ellie leaned in. ‘You…people…players put them…inside themselves and the essence of the Seductress…well it…’ Elle felt herself begin to blush realising exactly what she was sharing with her mother.

Amanda grinned. ‘You know when I said I wanted you to live a little I didn’t exactly have this in mind.’

Ellie blushed more and changed the subject. ‘You couldn’t loosen the ropes a little could you?’ She shook her chest for emphasis. ‘My breasts are really throbbing.’

‘Sure.’ Amanda removed the loops of rope binding them. The rope had pressed deeply into the flesh bruising her daughter’s breasts.

‘Aphrodite’s nipples!’ Ellie said. ‘That’s soooo much better.’

‘I feel the same after Val uses the breast press on me.’ Amanda said.

‘Whoa, mum! Too much information.’

Amanda laughed. ‘I thought we were sharing thoughts on kinky sex toys and our bondage fetishes.’ She said archly. ‘Mother and daughter together.’

‘There are limits, Mum!’ Ellie laughed then paused, frowning. ‘I know I’m going to regret asking but how did you get into bondage anyway?’

‘It was your dad,’ Amanda said. ‘He tied me up once. We were away on a camping trip and…well, we never looked back.’ She glanced around as if to make sure they were not being overheard. ‘That’s why I ended up with Val. I, er…’ She felt herself beginning to blush. ‘I wasn’t a very good PA when I started working for her and she always told me that if I didn’t improve, she’d give me a spanking.’

‘Isn’t that harassment?’

‘It was just office banter but I did find myself quite excited by the idea and she is quite…dominant.’ Amanda smiled recalling the pleasure of their flirting, of dressing in stockings and corsets and heels and of Val with her penchant for leather. ‘Anyway, one day I’d really screwed up. I’d been out late taking you somewhere the night before and the car had broken down…. I really wasn’t concentrating. So she called me into her office. I’d stayed late to try and sort the mess I’d made and…to cut a long story short, when she asked me if I’d come for my spanking I just bent over her desk and told her I deserved it.’

‘You didn’t?’

The expression on her daughter’s face made Amanda laugh.

‘Oh, yes I did. I was a bit surprised when she actually did it though.’ Amanda looked over at Val. ‘She didn’t hold back either, she even lifted my skirt and gave me six of the best. Then we had sex, right there in her office.’

‘Mum! Please…enough!’

‘You asked,’ Amanda said. ‘After that it was only a hop, skip and jump to becoming her…partner.’

‘Partner?’

‘Slave girl, then.’ Amanda said with a grin.

‘Girl?’ Ellie said, grinning.

‘You’re not too old to go over my knee.’ Amanda said, indignantly. ‘And you’re hardly in a position to stop me.’

‘I’m teasing, mum.’ Ellie said.

‘What are you two gossiping about?’ Val suddenly stood over them.

‘Just a bit of mother and daughter time,’ Amanda said, a little stiffly before adding, ‘Mistress.’

Val nodded and, Amanda thought, looked rather too hungrily at her daughter. ‘Better bind her ankles if you’re not going to keep her leashed.’ She said walking away and squatting over a pile of kindling and straw to spark a tinderbox.

‘Yes, Mistress.’ Amanda said softly.

‘It’s ok, Mum.’ Ellie said. ‘Really it is. I’ve discovered two things about Seductresses since I’ve been here. The first is that it’s very hard to keep your clothes on, the second is that everybody wants to tie you up.’

‘Hmmm.’ Amanda frowned. ‘I’m not sure I should approve of either of those.’

‘Actually.’ Ellie leaned towards her mother with a smirk. ‘There’s a third one.’

‘Yes?’ Amanda said, guardedly.

Ellie looked around and lowered her voice. ‘I’m constantly horny.’

Amanda was a little taken aback. ‘You are nineteen, Honey. I remember when I was your age. And there are a lot of…things going on here.’

‘I think it’s a bit more than that,’ Ellie said. ‘You wouldn’t believe how much I need to…’ Ellie looked round again. Talking about it had reminded her of her need. ‘Mum, this is a bit embarrassing but I really need to…’ She lowered her voice further. ‘Cum.’

‘Ellie!’ Amanda exclaimed.

‘Shh!’ Ellie hissed, looking round. ‘Please mum. It’s been nearly eight hours and I’ve got this rope between my legs. I’ll…I don’t know what happens if I don’t…’ Ellie was turning red. ‘But I really need to…masturbate.’

‘Ellie!’ It was Amanda’s turn to glance round. ‘Ok. Go on then.’

‘Mum, my hands are bound.’

‘That’s not my problem.’ Amanda said harshly, nodding towards the tree line. ‘Go and…relieve yourself.’

‘But…’

‘I’m sure you’ll figure something out.’

Ellie stood. ‘I’ll be as quick as I can.’

Amanda watched her run lightly towards the trees.

---

A few yards into the wood, Ellie stopped and looked around. The short distance she’d run with the knotted crotch rope already seemed to have doubled her need to climax although she wished she’d asked Amanda to remove it. She looked back to ensure she was screened by the trees then looked around for something, anything to do what she needed to do but, seeing nothing, stumbled further into the little copse, her bare feet making progress difficult among the roots and brambles. She had no idea what she was looking for but knew she needed something and the more she stumbled on the more her need rose.

Although she didn’t expect to be followed, she couldn’t help checking behind her and, with her hands bound and the need to find somewhere to go to ground, she felt like some sort of animal, hunted. Abruptly she came to a clearing and a tree with smooth, mossy roots.

‘It will have to do.’

Her pussy was burning and the thought of rubbing it on the coolness of the smooth wood was almost too much to bear. She dropped to her knees straddling the ridge of a root, crawled to a spot where she could rub her pussy and her nipples against the bark.

‘Fuck, what am I doing?’

A moment later she was rocking back and forth, enjoying the tingling in her nipples and a rising excitement between her legs.

‘Well.’ A voice behind her said. ‘What have we here?’

---

#### Chapter 39: Night

---

Ellie froze. She’d been on the verge of orgasm, her mind swimming in a tumbling ocean of desire as she’d rocked back and forth on her choice of sex toy.

‘You did read the warning in the manual,’ the voice said.

Ellie turned her head, blushing furiously.

Battle Babe smiled.

‘Val was right. Amazonne should have tied you up or sent someone to keep an eye on you.’

‘I was desperate,’ Ellie said, ‘you can’t imagine…’

‘The ‘Curse of the Seductress’?’ Battle Babe chuckled.

‘Maybe you could help me.’

‘Help you?’

‘Yes, I mean you’re a big strong Warrior and I’m here completely helpless at your mercy.’ Honey seemed to take over. ‘You could do all sorts of things to me or make me do all sorts of things to you.’ She tossed her hair. ‘Wouldn’t you like to put me over your knee and spank me with those big strong hands of yours.’

‘Honey, you’re one of my Party so don’t try that Seduction shit on me,’ the big Warrior said. ‘I’m here to look after you.’ She grinned. ‘Besides, I’m really not interested in scrawny white girls.’

‘Oh.’ Honey faded leaving Ellie humping a tree root in embarrassment.

‘And, for the record, I do it because I enjoy it.’ Battle Babe said. ‘Meeting women like you and your mother and taking them on an adventure gives me a real kick. Especially if they learn something about themselves in the process.’

Ellie felt her blush deepening it that was possible. ‘Look, I’m really sorry about what I said.’

‘I know,’ the Warrior said. ’It was the potion and the fact you're nineteen.’

Ellie glanced up at her.

‘I do my research.’ Battle Babe said. ‘I know you’re reading Maths and Stats and are probably twice as clever as me. And if I hadn’t read it, I’d have known in two minutes that Amanda was your mother.’

‘Oh.’

‘So, I have two reasons to think you’re a bit of a nerd and that makes me think you’re the sort of person who’ll get the most benefit from this place. Choosing to be a Seductress must have been a real leap of faith so I know you’re really entering into the spirit of it.’ She grinned. ‘That or you’re a hopeless dreamer and you don’t really strike me as that.’

‘I’m sorry I didn’t come as a Mage.’

‘We’ll work round it,’ Battle Babe said. ‘I’m a bit rusty on Seductress skills but I seem to recall you can get to cast Illusions at Level 5.’

‘You think I’ll get to Level 5.’

‘Not if you take any more crazy potions but it’s Day 3 and you’re already Level 2. There’s a whole lot of real adventuring ahead of you. Though I’m told you’ve already had quite a bit of fun.’

‘Othella seems to like you!’ Ellie said, recalling her encounter with the Mistress of Thieves.

Battle Babe smiled. ‘Really, she said that?’ Her face appears to take on a wistful expression. ‘You wouldn’t believe what the Mistress of the Thieves Guild is in the real.’

There was a moment’s silence.

‘Anyway.’ Battle Babe said. ‘I just wanted to say we’re good and…. Well, I’ll leave you to…whatever it is you Seductresses do in the privacy of your own woodland glade.’

---

Ellie sat and extended her legs to allow her mother to tie them. She had just hand fed her daughter as the party had eaten; a small deer, caught and skinned by Amanda all by herself this time.

‘You’re really ok with this?’ Amanda asked.

‘I’m fine, Mum.’ Ellie tried not to wince at the tightness of the ropes her mother began to secure. ‘I need this until that potion gets out of my system.’ And, maybe, she thought, because I’m getting to quite like it.

‘Perhaps I should have been one.’ Amanda said, cinching more rope around her daughter's perfect thighs.

‘What?’

‘A Seductress.’

‘Really?’

Amanda looked up from the ropes she was tying around Ellie’s legs. ‘No, I like being an Adventuress. I can get tied up at home anytime.’ She leant in close. ‘Did you…er?’

‘Yes.’ Ellie said blushing only slightly.

‘And are you feeling better?’

‘Yes, Mum.’

‘I was a bit worried when I saw Battle Babe go off into the woods just after you.’

‘I didn’t see her.’ Ellie lied.

‘Ok.’ Amanda secured the last knot. ‘I need to go and pee now.’

‘Ok, mum,’ Ellie said. ‘Need to know basis. I didn’t think you were going to masturbate.’

Amanda blushed. ‘I wasn’t…’

‘I know mum.’ Ellie said, laughing. ‘You and Mistress need to have make up sex.’

Amanda looked at her daughter with a surprised expression.

‘I’m a Seductress, mum. This stuff is what I specialise in.’

‘And I’m Amazonne, Warrior Princess but I’m still your mother.’

‘I know,’ Ellie grinned.

Amanda stood up and turned to go.

‘Mum.’ Ellie said. ‘Can I have a hug?’

Amanda beamed and crouched beside her daughter, embracing her and holding her close.

---

When she came back to the camp Amanda was surprised to find Ellie lying on her belly in a tight hogtie, her ankles tied to her elbows and a strand of rope wound into her hair tied to her big toes; she was gagged too.

‘Can’t be too careful.’ Val said.

‘Mistress…’ Amanda started to protest.

‘Your turn now.’

Amanda felt herself flinch but when her eyes met her daughter’s, she saw Ellie nod almost imperceptibly, a really tiny movement in consequence of the severe bow of her bound body and the rope in her hair.

‘Yes, Mistress.’ Amanda knelt and turned to present her wrists behind her back for binding.

---

Amanda was climbing, a mountain thrusting up, jagged, snow covered, wind whipping round her body, chilling her. With a final heave she pulled herself onto a rocky ledge, glistening and slippery with icy, then stood cautiously to take in her surroundings. The temple was there ahead of her, the wind tossing flurries of snow through its open gates. She felt herself shiver and looked down wondering why she was wearing nothing but a bikini; it was one from her youth when ‘shoestrings’ were in and was designed to cover as little of her as possible; it was gold with a top that had ‘shoestrings’ around her breasts and little triangles that barely covered her nipples; the briefs were a tiny thong, again a triangle supported by strings of lycra that made it look as if it was covering more of her than it was.

The temple was clearly where she should be heading, the goal of her quest but she also had a feeling that although she was hunting it, she too was being hunted, hounded towards it. The howl of an animal carried by the wind made her start along the slippery path, clinging to the rocks where a handhold presented itself in an effort to stop herself falling or even being carried from the side of the mountain by the increasingly powerful wind.

At the end of the path she stopped. The temple lay on the other side of a vast chasm that gave the appearance of the temple being on another mountain entirely. Between her and the temple were a dozen pinnacles of rock, stepping stones to her goal across an infinitely deep river of nothing but roaring wind and rushing snow.

It was, she thought, typical that she had climbed the wrong mountain and briefly wished Adventuresses were like Girl Scouts, always prepared; if only she’d brought rope. She smiled. Who needed rope?

Or clothes?

She hesitated for a moment working out how to reach the first pinnacle then stepped back before hurling herself forward, gaining it easily but the surface was icy and her foot slipped and she knew that all she could do was leap to the next and then the next and the next.

She landed on the steps of the temple, down on all fours, panting, her body hot from the exertion and aching from the Feat of Strength she’d used to make the final leap, lifting her head to look through the open gates into the courtyard beyond. Then she climbed unsteadily to her feet and mounted the icy steps.

---

Within the walls, sheltered from the wind, the air felt warmer.

‘Welcome.’ Two priestesses rose to greet her, a Jewell and a Topaz. They were wrapped in fur cloaks but these hung open revealing lacy black lingerie beneath; lingerie so sheer that Amanda could clearly see both women’s nipples.

‘All are welcome in the temple of Artemis,’ the Topaz said. ‘Even slaves.’

Amanda smiled. ‘I’m an Adventuress.’

‘Indeed.’ The Jewell seemed amused. ‘If you’re an adventuress why are you naked?’

‘Oh?’ Amanda looked down. She was indeed naked. ‘I guess my…clothes must have blown off in the wind.’

‘Really?’ The Topaz faced her. She really was beautiful; wide almost oriental looking eyes and prominent cheekbones; rich full lips. ‘It is not unusual for slaves to prefer to be naked.’

‘I’m not a slave.’ Amanda protested. Somehow this was an important point she needed to make.

‘Then why are you wearing slave bracelets?’ the Jewell asked.

Amanda looked down. There were metal cuffs around her wrists and ankles, metal cuffs with rings attached.

‘And a collar,’ the Topaz added.

Amanda reached up, suddenly aware of the weight around her neck. Her collar had a ring too.

‘Please,’ the Jewell said. ‘Enter.’

There was a metal frame like a doorway ahead of her, a frame suspended over a gap in the stones below through which Amanda could see snow flurries as if the courtyard of the temple building beyond was not attached to steps and the gateway and the part of the mountain Amanda had crossed to; as if the temple, like the metal gateway was floating, supported by magic. Amanda reached out and grasped the metal frame with suspicion to test it would take her weight when she climbed across; the metal was warm to touch despite the chill of the air around her. It felt solid and, cautiously, she stepped onto it, relieved that the frame had not moved.

Then, suddenly, the frame shifted under her, tipping back. Instinctively, she grasped the other side of the frame with her left hand and stepped onto it to brace herself. The frame righted itself.

‘Come…Adventuress.’ The Jewell’s voice carried a note of mockery.

Amanda tried to step forward but found she couldn’t and, looking down, saw that her right ankle was chained to the frame; so was her left. Looking up she saw that her wrists were chained too, the cuffs linked to the metal frame.

‘It seems you are not quite the free spirit you thought,’ the Jewell said.

Amanda struggled, jerking at the cuffs, the frame to which she was chained rocking as she did so and her chains rattling.

‘So near and yet so far,’ the Topaz said, reaching out and caressing Amanda’s breast, her thumb stroking the nipple, already stiff with cold.

‘She’s clearly eager for it.’ The Jewell’s fingers slid between Amanda’s legs.

‘We should punish her,’ the Topaz said. ‘She said she was an Adventuress but she’s just a Warrior or, perhaps, a Slave.’

‘Let’s wait and see,’ the Jewell said.

---

‘Can I untie Ellie now?’ Maiko asked as the party leader roused them the following morning.

‘We need to be sure,’ Val said, sitting up. The blonde was bare breasted and, beneath her blanket, naked. Beside her Amanda lay, bound and gagged like her daughter but not quite as tightly restrained.

'I think she’ll be ok now, Val,’ BB said. ‘Yes, Maiko, you can go ahead and untie her.’

Amanda wriggled up to her knees, the blanket slipping off her. Her wrists were bound behind her back, her elbows too, pulled in and touching and she was in a loose hogtie. She had Bu-Shi-Doll’s clamps on her nipples too, the ones she’d removed from Ellie’s breasts the night before. Sleeping in these had been part of her punishment for her ‘attitude’ towards her mistress the night before. Val’s own clamps were currently clipped to Amanda’s labia as further punishment.

She watched as Maiko bent over Ellie and began to undo the knots, the cord in her hair first, and heard her daughter sigh around her gag as she was finally able to straighten her neck. Maiko removed Ellie’s gag next.

‘Thanksh,’ Ellie said, clearly struggling to control her tongue and lips. She had dirt on her face her cheeks where the gag had made her drool.

‘Mishdresh,’ Amanda said. ‘Gad you undie me doo, please.’

Val looked down. ‘Perhaps.’

‘I rearry need do bee,’ Amanda said.

‘I thought Adventuresses got escapology as one of their skills.’ Val said.

‘I’m onry revel 1.’ Amanda said, memories of her dream returning and with it a little disquiet of what Level 3 might bring and her Trial of Artemis.

‘Fair enough,’ Val said, ‘but you're still on two demerits.’

‘Yesh, Mishdresh.’

‘If we didn’t need you, I’d have you on a leash like I did with Ellie yesterday.’

There was a time, Amanda thought, when she’d have been excited by the idea of Val keeping her on a leash for the day.

‘We do need her, Val,’ BB said, ‘better untie her. There’ll be time later for more of your kinky stuff.’

Val stood and pulled the blanket completely off Amanda exposing the clamps on her labia.

‘Ohhh!’ Battle Babe said, ‘Nasty. You two really do some weird shit.’

A loud groan from Ellie made them all turn. Maiko had managed to free her from the hogtie although she was still completely helpless, the rope harness still tight on her body and her limbs also bound tightly.

‘Thanks, Maiko. You’ve no idea how good that feels.’ Ellie stretched her body out then rolled onto her side to allow Maiko to free her arms just as Val rolled Amanda onto her belly to free her arms.

‘Fug.’ Amanda cursed through her gag as she was forced to lie on her clamped nipples.

---

#### Chapter 40: Today’s Quest Involves a Vampire

---

‘So,’ Battle Babe said after they had breakfasted, ‘there is a manse with a vampire.’

‘Vampire?’ Amanda looked up. ‘Aren’t they dangerous?’

‘They can be,’ Battle Babe continued calmly, ‘but these are Libido Vampires, it’s not quite the same thing as your typical bloodsucking monster although they behave like the Vampires from common myth - just with a bit less bloodshed.’

‘And second part of Wand in Vampire manse?’ Bu-Shi-Doll asked.

‘Correct.’ Battle Babe nodded. ‘So we need a plan and I think it’s time for our Viking to take the lead.’ She looked at Val.

‘Like an ordinary vampire?’ Val said with a nod. ‘I guess that means we should rouse the peasants…arm them with pitchforks and flaming torches…drive them out.’

‘Good,’ BB said encouragingly, ‘but if we torch the place we’ll never find the rod.’

‘We need someone on the inside.’ Val frowned. ‘Someone who might be attractive to a Vampire.’

There was a silence. Then everyone looked at Ellie.

‘Fine, I’ll do it,’ Ellie said, ‘I’m guessing they go for blondes and…well, Honey is quite attractive.’

‘It’s usually a virgin,’ BB said with a touch of wickedness in her voice, ‘and after the other night in the pillory it’s obvious that ship has sailed.’

‘I’ll pretend, ok?’ Ellie protested, feeling her cheeks reddening and trying not to look at her mother.

‘Katana Girl do it.’ Maiko said. ‘I mean, I know I’m supposed to be Warrior but I am…a virgin.’ She glared at Bu-Shi-Doll and tapped her chastity belt.

‘No.’ Bu-Shi-Doll held up her hand. ‘You Samurai. You for fighting.’

‘That settles it then,’ Val said with enthusiasm, ‘Honey goes in and we rouse the peasants.’

‘And exactly how do we get her in?’ Amanda asked. ‘Does she just walk up to the door and knock?’

‘I think we can be a little more subtle.’ Battle Babe said, reaching for her pack and pulling out something white.

---

Several hours later, Ellie lay on her side beside the rutted muddy track wearing the linen shift Battle Babe had given to her. She’d artfully smeared a little mud on her face and was poised to run the back of her hand dramatically over her forehead in a gesture of despair when the Vampire’s carriage came into view. It had just begun to rain, dark clouds suddenly gathering before letting fall large, heavy drops of summer rain, cool on her skin and very quickly turning her shift transparent where it stuck to her pink skin beneath.

She was soaked and trying not to shiver by the time the carriage came into view, black and square, polished wood that gave the impression of a hearse. The carriage was drawn, Ellie was slightly surprised to see a pair of black horses decked out with heavy harnesses and plumes rather than the pony girls or boys as she had expected. A strange crooked figure that Ellie thought might be a goblin sat on the roof holding the reins and a fierce looking whip. As the carriage approached, Ellie gave a loud moan and lay back as if fainting, her forearm draped artfully over her forehead.

The carriage stopped.

‘Egor?’ A voice said.

‘There is a…young lady, Sir. A ‘maiden’, lying beside the road. She is clearly in some distress.’ There was something ironic in the way he used the term ‘maiden’.

A shadowy figure appeared behind the smoky grey glass of the carriage and then, suddenly he was there, standing over her. She’d had a scene worked out, a plan to tell him that she’d fallen and turned her ankle, a young maiden, helpless by the roadside in need of succour; perhaps if she needed it she would use a Seduction but she didn’t need to. One look was all it took, one look into golden eyes, alluring and strange and he seemed to understand, lifting her immediately and without apparent effort, sweeping her into his arms and depositing her in a seat in the carriage before reappearing, that was the right word, reappearing in the seat opposite her although she didn’t see him move.

And then the carriage door was shut and they were together in a gloom that drew a veil across the dark clouds of the sky.

---

Those eyes regarded her and she could see in a mirror on the wall behind her what he saw, her throat and her creamy breasts plump and full as they rose and fell over the low neckline of the shift, her body beneath the soaked linen rendered in outline, the colour of her skin turning it pink, her nipples swollen with the chill of the clinging material.

He was ruggedly handsome, his face sharply drawn, pale skin tight over flesh and bone, jet black hair shining and drawn back elegantly; his lips a startling shade of red and, somehow alluring. He was dressed in a black frock coat and white shirt with ruffs, tight black leather breeches with an impressive bulge at the crotch, riding boots; there was a riding whip on his lap.

The coach began to move again, its progress oddly smooth on the rutted track.

That’s when Ellie realised what else was strange; she could see herself in the mirror behind him but she could not see him and had the odd sensation of seeing her eyes widen with surprise. He seemed to register this, noting her surprise and, she thought, there was a hint of amusement, perhaps approval at her discovery.

What was also odd, was how much she wanted him; craved him in fact in a way that was different to the Quickening. She’d wondered what it might feel like to be on the receiving end of a Seduction and thought it was probably like this; a need, a desire; not that this was a Seduction, of course, she knew that, knew that her desire for him was genuine and that she would do anything to please him.

Without thinking, or perhaps, because she was a Seductress and her character would know what to do, she slipped from the seat onto her knees on the floor of the carriage, kneeling in front of that very impressive bulge in his breeches, gratified to see it respond.

‘Thank you for rescuing me, Sir,’ she said, glancing up at him and then bowing her head submissively.

---

Amanda watched the carriage disappear down the rutted track, the wheels churning up mud, from where the party crouched in a copse some fifty feet away. The trees had given them some protection but she couldn’t help wondering why they had to make it rain in virtual environments.

‘Are you sure she’ll be alright?’ she asked Battle Babe.

‘She’ll be fine,’ BB assured her. ‘Libido vampires have all kinds of rituals before they bite and while they’re preparing her, we have plenty of time to go into VanillaVille and rouse the peasantry.’

‘VanillaVille?’

‘You’ll see.’ The Warrior chuckled.

They fell into formation descending from the copse to take a side track into some more dense woodland.

‘Do you know anything about the Trial of Artemis?’ Amanda asked as she walked beside Battle Babe.

The Warrior glanced at her and she noticed a stiffening of the woman’s shoulders. ‘All Adventuresses must undertake it,’ she said, her words clipped. ‘If they pass they carry on as Adventuresses, if they don’t they…’ She shrugged. ‘Become something else.’

‘And do you know what it involves?’ Amanda persisted, resolving to continue her questions despite the Party Leader’s obvious reticence to answer.

‘Everyone’s different, Amanda.’ Battle Babe said.

‘But I’ll know when…when my turn comes?’

‘Oh, yeah, you’ll know,’ The Party Leader said with a note of finality and strode ahead.

---

The carriage passed through a wrought iron gateway in a high wall flanked by pillars that were topped with sinister looking winged figures that, on a church, might have been gargoyles. The grounds beyond may once have consisted of parklands and manicured lawns but now had become overgrown, the lawns gone to seed, brambles overhanging pathways; low-hanging trees scraped the roof of the carriage. It looked rather dismal, Ellie thought, especially under the leaden sky. The raindrops running down the window simply added to the somber mood and Ellie shivered.

Her saviour had introduced himself as Count D, smiling and stroking her hair when she had laid her head on his thigh finding as she knelt at his feet that her eyes were always drawn back to the bulge of his crotch. She didn’t know much about libido vampires but did notice that his touch felt warm.

‘Would Sir allow me to show my appreciation for taking care of me?’ She had asked expecting, hoping, that he might allow it but he had waved her away.

‘Later, my dear.’ He’d said distractedly in a sibilant voice and Ellie thought she’d seen a flash of tongue, long and forked although he otherwise looked human.

After that, she hadn’t persisted although, had knelt there at his feet, feeling her lust rising. Eventually, she had returned to her seat, crossing her legs ostentatiously in a gesture he couldn’t have failed to notice and then allowed her shift to slide up her legs. Although his golden eyes had roved over her body he hadn’t made any advance on her.

When the manse came into view, it was, as Ellie had expected, dark and foreboding, shuttered windows, much of the front covered in ivy.

The carriage pulled up in front of a short flight of stone steps leading up to the heavy black door and the deformed the coachman climbed down to open the door for them.

Count D climbed out first, offering his hand to aid her down and Ellie had to remind herself to limp as he led her up the steps.

The door ahead creaked open to reveal a large hallway with a dark wooden floor; the place smelt musty. There was a grand staircase with a red carpet sweeping towards the upper storey. An ageing manservant stood holding the door for them.

‘Good evening, Sir,’ he said in a wheezy voice.

‘Pleasse go in, my dear.’ Count D bowed gracefully and stood back allowing Ellie to enter and then followed her across the threshold. As she entered she was assailed by a chill, experiencing an impression of unaired rooms and old bookstores. As the count entered, the manservant took his master’s cloak and shook the rain from it then, draping it over his arm turned to Ellie.

‘May I take…,’ the manservant said looking at her, his voice trailing off.

Ellie looked down. In the darkness of the coach she had forgotten the way that the wet linen fabric now intimately revealed the pink her body beneath, outlining her breasts and belly where it clung to them, apparently displaying every detail of her stiffly erected nipples.

‘This is Misss Honey, Lurch.’ Count D gestured towards her. ‘She will be our guest.’

‘Er, just for the evening,’ Ellie added quickly. ‘I won’t be any trouble.’

The count smiled and once again his tongue flicked over his red lips in the odd movement.

‘Ah, Cordelia, my dear.’

Ellie looked up to see a young woman standing on the stairs. She had long dark hair that was held back into a tight ponytail, jet black in contrast to her very pale, ivory-white skin that was drawn so tightly across her face it appeared as if it was laid directly over muscles and bones without any layer of fat or other tissue. The effect was unnerving, made more so by the bright crimson lips that reminded Ellie of blood seeping from a fresh wound. The only redeeming features were her eyes that were gold like her father's, giving her a fragile and unnatural beauty like that of a china doll. Her whole appearance was unnerving until she smiled.

Cordelia was dressed from the neck down in tight black leather, a high collared blouson with double buttons on the lapels that stretched over her small breasts and hugged her narrow waist, leather gloves, tight leather trousers that seemed moulded to her slim body and shiny black boots that had a five inch stiletto heel and came up to the knee. She looked, Ellie thought, remembering her history and the old 2D movies she’d seen, like a nineteen-twenties adventuress, an allusion that was supported by the whip she carried in her gloved hands.

---

‘Father.’ Cordelia said excitedly. ‘You have brought a guesst for dinner.’

Her voice was strangely sing-song like a child but with a more marked sibilant quality than Ellie had heard from her father. Then, as Cordelia finished speaking, Ellie thought she saw her tongue run across her lips or, perhaps, not across them, simply flicking from side to side briefly as if tasting the air like a snake.

But then the expression was gone and the innocent young women of a moment before smiled at her in an unnerving child-like way.

‘This is Misss Honey,’ the count said, ‘she fell beside the road and turned her ankle.’

‘Oh, Father, sshe is beautiful.’ Cordelia’s golden eyes regarded her appraisingly. ‘You are ssuch a good man, resscuing her.’

‘It was the least I could do for such a charming creature,’ the count said modestly, ‘I am sure you will make her feel welcome.’ He smiled. ‘And prepare her for dinner.’

‘Of coursse, Father.’ Cordelia smiled at the count and then looked into Ellie’s face; those golden eyes shining and Ellie experienced the same sense of attraction she’d felt earlier as if she was suddenly drawn to the girl, to her pale face and her slim body. Part of her wanted to allow it but a part also resisted and, just as she decided the girl was safe, a flash of darkness crept across those golden eyes and Ellie thought she saw a flash of crimson and she looked away.

‘But her clothess are wet.’ Cordelia exclaimed, the moment passing. ‘That will not do.’

How she moved so quickly, Ellie could not tell; but, one moment, Cordelia stood on the bottom stair of the grand staircase some ten feet away and the next she stood right in front of her. Ellie had barely registered this when Cordelia lifted her hands and grasped the wet shift, rending it as easily as if it was wet tissue paper.

Suddenly exposed, naked, Ellie gasped. It was at that moment she registered a pain in her right breast. A tingle of fear ran through her body and she slowly tipped her head, looking down. Across her breast was a faint red line, a scratch from Cordelia’s nails…talons might be a better description; beads of red blood welling along it from the full pink flesh.

Cordelia looked up at her; child-like eyes wide.

‘Oh.’ She gushed. ‘I am sso ssorry. How clumssy of me.’ She ran her finger across the scratch then popped it into her mouth in a way that was so utterly lascivious it jarred when compared to the innocence of her face.

A warmth blossomed from the tiny scratch; it was uncomfortable at first and Ellie felt as if she might faint but then the sensation passed, replaced with an odd pulsing that emanated from her breast in a way that was not at all unpleasant, a sensation she recognised from a number of encounters since her arrival in Fantasia X; nipples swelling, sex moistening…a warmth in her loins. The sudden rush of arousal made her once again fear she might faint but then the warmth spread though her, warming, suffusing.

‘I fear you have made her blussh,’ the count said with an odd tone and when she looked up at him she saw he was looking at the scratch, watching as little beads of blood oozed from the wound; and then she saw his tongue flick across his lips just like Cordelia’s had and it was definitely long and…and, again, she had the distinct impression it was forked. However, she was having difficulty focusing.

‘Come, Honey,’ Cordelia said, her childlike quality returning as she took Ellie’s hand and led her towards the stair.
