---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/hotelroom.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: The Hotel Room
authors:
- Jim Williams
tags:
- Sbm
- hotel
- bag
- cd
- pvc
- toys
- gag
- cuffs
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2011-11-20 00:00:00
---

After a tiring journey, I eventually arrive at the hotel. The hotel is a cheap, no thrills hotel, and it will be my home for the next two nights before attending the important meeting my company have sent me to. At least it is in a town that I know very well and used to live in. I complete the booking in procedure with the disinterested receptionist and with bored "Enjoy your stay" ringing in my ears from her, I make my way to my room.

I enter the room and it appears like any other anonymous no thrills hotel room - a double bed, wardrobe, TV, kettle and bathroom. I place my case on the bed and unpack, trying to make the room homely. After unpacking, I lay on the bed, and thank myself for small mercies that it is comfortable. I start to look around for the TV remote control, and find it laid on the small table-cum-desk, next to the holdall.

The holdall??!!

Where did that appear from?

I never noticed that when I came in!! I must be tired from the drive.

I get up and walk over to the desk. I quickly look at the holdall to see if there is a name and address on it as a previous occupier may have left it behind. Nothing. Just an anonymous holdall in an anonymous room in an anonymous hotel.

Out of curiosity, I unzip the holdall. At the top of the holdall is a typed note:

GOOD YOU'VE FOUND THE HOLDALL. NOW YOU ARE TO OBEY THE INSTRUCTIONS. TAKE OUT THE TOP LAYER, GET UNDRESSED AND GET CHANGED INTO WHAT YOU FIND. ONCE YOU HAVE DONE THAT RETURN TO THE BAG. OR ELSE.

The note was demanding and straight to the point. I remove the top layer and place them on the bed to see what there is:

a pair of black PVC stockings

a pair of black PVC panties that are crotchless

a black PVC mini skirt

a black PVC vest top

a black wig

I remove my shirt and trousers, hanging them up. I then take off my shorts and socks. I pick up the PVC panties and put them on. The material is tight and clings to me, showing off my increasingly swelling bulge. I then put on the PVC stockings, running my hands over the smooth, tight material. I then dress in the vest, skirt and wig.

I then stand there, admiring myself in the mirror, running my hands over my swollen penis. I then remember the note and return to the holdall. I look back inside the holdall and find another typed note:

I ASSUME THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETED THE DRESSING PART. TAKE THE REST OF THE ITEMS OUT OF THE BAG. UNLOCK THE DOOR. RESTRAIN YOURSELF. BEFORE YOU FULLY COMPLETE THE RESTRAIN, TAKE THE MOBILE, HIT REDIAL, WHEN IT IS ANSWERED SAY "I'M READY". NOTHING ELSE.

I remove the rest of the items from the holdall:

two pairs of handcuffs

two Velcro restraints

a black ball gag

a butt plug and gel

a mobile phone

red lipstick

I then walk over to the room door and unlock it. I walk slowly back, enjoying the thrill of the PVC material rubbing against my ass and penis. I stop at the mirror and apply the red lipstick over my lips, enjoying the slutty look. I then go back to the bed and put the gel on the butt plug. I lie down and gently insert the plug into myself, enjoying the pleasure it gives me.

I then tie the Velcro restraints to the bottom ends of the bed. I then bend over and fasten the handcuffs to the top of the end, enjoying the feeling of the plug in my ass. I lay on the bed and fasten the Velcro around both my ankles.

I take the phone and hit the redial. After a few rings, a stern female voice answers:

"YES"

"I'M READY", I say.

"GOOD. I WILL BE THERE WITHIN THIRTY MINUTES". The line then goes dead.

I take the ball gag and place the black ball in my mouth and secure it tightly. I try to speak to see if it is fastened tightly and happily found out it is. I then secure my left and right hands in the handcuffs.

I'm now laying on the bed, firmly bound and gagged, dressed all in PVC, sporting a hard and swollen penis stretching against the PVC material of my panties, barely able to contain my excitement, with a butt plug firmly inserted in my ass. I start to squirm and 'mmmppphhh' against the ball gag, enjoying the sensation, hoping no-one alerts room service, who would certainly get a surprise.

After 30 minutes, I hear the door open and close. And then lock............

Alexandra never makes a business trip boring............
