---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bondage_as_aftercare.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Bondage as Aftercare
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- latex
- catsuit
- frame
- cuffs
- toys
- collar
- exercise
- climax
- hood
- leash
- mittens
- gag
- sendep
- vacbed
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-01-03 00:00:00
---

Cora’s head rested on the door to her house. She was mentally fried. For an accountant, tax season sucked, like sucked on a higher plane of suckitude kind of sucked. It didn’t help that Suzanne had fucked up the account for one of the firm’s biggest clients, and Cora had to spend the last day of the season straightening that clusterfuck. She had of course, but it had been by the skin of her teeth. She lightly banged her head on the closed door to her house. She looked forward to some downtime, and specifically some much needed time with her wife.

Maxine always took care of her during this season, and she always had something ready to erase the memory of that final push at the end. Cora’s lips twisted upward in a small smile as she thought about her wife. The woman could be eccentric, or perhaps some might say the word was strange, but that suited Cora’s tastes. Despite what her no nonsense work persona might give an impression of, Cora had peculiar proclivities and tastes, many of which aligned with Maxine’s. It was comforting to know that she could rely on their mutual kinks at a stressful time like this. She knew Max would have some sort of plan for the night, a plan dedicated to her no less. It made Cora feel special; to know she would be their focus.

Turning the key and opening the door, Cora entered with a loud exaggerated sigh. She quickly kicked off her high heels, the vicious bastards, and slammed the door. A startled “huh?!” coming from their living room told Cora that Max had fallen asleep waiting up for her. It was absurdly late she had to concede. Cora should have been home hours ago, but that fucking bitch Suzanne had crushed any hope of that. She looked up from setting her bag and phone down to see a bleary-eyed Maxine stumbling into the hall rubbing sleep from her eyes.

“Hey, hon…sorry you had to work so late, but tax season is over!” the dark-skinned woman gave a half-awake but genuine smile that Cora adored and cherished.

“FUCKING THANK GOD!” she shouted as her wife approached.

“That bad, huh?” Max asked, a sympathetic look to her mussed features.

Cora managed a nod, while her face remained contorted in fury over the bullshit she had dealt with today. Without another spoken word, Max’s arms wrapped around Cora’s waist pulling her closer. Max leaned up slightly as the two shared a caring kiss. Cora’s body, riddled with tension and wrath, quieted and relaxed, if only by a modicum. Max’s mere presence was a calming salve to the worst of her wrath.

It had always been this way. Max was always the tranquil steady one at home. Cora, on the other hand, always felt that in the safety of their private place that she could let the oft-suppressed rage monster that slumbered in her out. It probably wasn’t fair to her wife, but Cora appreciated that she could let that ugly side of herself loose with Maxine, and there wouldn’t be any judgement or ‘oh she’s a bitch’ sneers behind her back. The key part though was not aiming it towards the caring woman, which Cora managed, most of the time. She really didn’t deserve such a kind and understanding partner, but here they were. Cora could feel her heightened blood pressure lowering with each second Max held her, kissed her. It was like her words and gestures were a lullaby.

Around the time Cora’s mind finally calmed enough to see something other than the color red, Maxine pulled back, still holding her, but giving the two a space to breathe, and to ask a question, “So, I’m guessing that from that outburst and the fact that you are ridiculously late, things didn’t go well for the last day of the season…so does someone need a bit of *aftercare*?”

Cora brightened at the thought of *aftercare*. It was a loaded and coded bit of speech between the two. A flippant joke once years ago that had become synonymous with the use of kinky play to forget their real-world problems and stresses. Cora gave a meek and suppliant nod.

Maxine’s dark eyes sparkled with a knowing glint. “Well, do you need peaceful or aggressive *aftercare*, or a bit of both?” a thoughtful tone to her voice, bereft of even the hint of snark. Cora pressed one of her wife’s hands to her cheek, her eyes staring at the floor, another sheepish nod her only answer.

They had been together long enough for Max to read between the lines, to understand the subtle unspoken signals. Words weren’t needed here in their place. “Oh, you poor thing, you really must have had a terrible time,” Max’s sweet words matched by a gentle touch as her hand drifted down Cora’s neck, coming to rest open palm on her clavicle. “Don’t you worry. I’ve already got your favorite suit prepped and laid out in the workout room.”

Cora looked up, her face relaxing as the words washed over her. Of course, the love of her life had things already prepared for her, and had anticipated her need. She gave a quick mischievous peck to Max’s ear.

“Ah! Why always with the ear!” Max shouted with a giggle and playful limp-wristed slap. She always claimed she hated the little kisses to the ear, but Cora knew better. “Now, get going, and I’ll be there in a second to help hook you up.” Maxine turned to head off, but Cora pulled her back for one more kiss, this one on the lips and laced with unspoken gratitude.

After the last bit of affection, Cora practically skipped away down the hall to their workout room. A renewed vigor suppressing, if not yet curing, the seething tempest of rage, stress, and frustration. She paused halfway there, noticing the beautiful meal sitting cold and untouched on a fully set table. Pangs of guilt hammered her soul as she realized Max must have planned a sweet, romantic dinner for them. She looked back to her wife who was straightening and putting away Cora’s hastily discarded shoes and bag. Seeming to read the distraught look on Cora’s face, Max with a compassionate and reassuring voice told her, “It’s alright hon, I knew we might need to cut straight to the *aftercare* and bypass the romance. I promise, it’s really nothing. Now get going!”

The words helped, but didn’t fully abate her feelings, her shame, her selfishness. Nonetheless, she continued to their little workout space at the back of the house: a modest sized converted bedroom. The room’s carpet was pulled up and replaced with easy to clean padded tiles. The exterior window plastered over and a set of mirrors covering that entire wall, another concession for Cora’s tastes. A rack of weights, a couple exercise balls, and two sleek looking modern stationary bikes all making clear this was an activity room.

Draped over one of the two bikes was a glossy black thing that looked too small for someone to actually wear. Stripping quickly, and taking only the barest of time to pile the discarded garments and jewelry next to the door, Cora excitedly picked up the latex catsuit. The feel of it in her hands was soothingly familiar. For a good minute she simply held the prized article of clothing to her body, rubbing it against her bare skin. She could feel the arousal spike in her. Stretching the top opening she could see Max had already lubricated the catsuit, though talcum and a lubricant gel both sat on a shelf to the side if she needed them. Her wife really was too good for her, anticipating so much, and how she found ways of making this time of year tolerable was the truest expression of love Cora could imagine. She seriously thought she’d have gone insane long ago if it hadn’t been for all of this sort of support from her partner. Once on the other side of her *aftercare*, Cora knew she’d do everything she could to repay Max.

With surprising, even if practiced, ease Cora slid her body into the clinging latex. It felt as if she were donning a second skin, but one that was a truer representation of her inner self than the stuffy vestments of her work attire. The catsuit covered her body from neck to ankle and wrist. A comforting pressure embraced her body, pressing in, and squeezing away the anxiety and at least some of the fury.

She owned a few different catsuits in a variety of colors, but this one was her old and faithful companion, her favored among the stable. A perfect choice by Max, as always. Staring at the wall mirrors, Cora let her hands glide across the reflective surface of her second skin, smooth and perfect. It hid nothing really, but instead proclaimed to the world her inner most self. The Cora that only one other soul knew.

Cora witnessed in the reflective surface Maxine entering through the doorway, only pausing briefly to take in the sight of her standing resplendent in her treasured raiment. “You know, I’ll never get over how sexy you look in those.” Cora blushed. “Let’s hurry up and get you strapped in before I take you back to the bedroom and ravish you instead.”

Cora giggled, it would be nice to do just that, but they both knew she needed her *aftercare* regimen to get back to feeling normal, feeling like herself, before she could really relax and enjoy some intimate time. She stepped up to the bike that was hers. Though the two exercise machines had started off as identical twins when they had bought them, they were quite different now with all the modifications Maxine had made to Cora’s.

First, were the ballet boots integrated into the pedals. They would force her toes into an unnatural and painful point while she cycled. Then there were the strong metal cuffs bolted to the handholds that ended with metal orbs denying her the use of her hands once secured. And finally, the centerpiece of Max’s improvements, a phallic vibrator sticking up through the seat. *Who needed to buy a pricey Sybian when you had a mechanical engineer to make more interesting toys?* Cora thought to herself happily. After applying some lubricant to the protruding false appendage and unzipping the catsuit’s crotch, Maxine helped Cora mount her bike. Cora felt the erect visitor enter her. A quiver of excitement throbbed through her nethers and then onto the rest of her body in anticipation of the impending session.

Cora’s arousal only intensified as her wife guided her feet into the cramped and torturous ballet boots. Each tug of the laces crushing her legs and feet. Maxine looked up into Cora’s eyes as she closed padlocks around the top of the boots locking them on. Cora relished in the knowledge there was no way she could get off the enhanced bike by herself. Instead, she’d have to rely on the one person in the world she knew she could. There was no better symbol of Cora’s love and faith in her partner than to entrust her with restricting her freedom like this.

With a sensual touch, Cora felt her arms being drawn forward into the awaiting cuffs. They were padded and encapsulated her arms from hands to elbow. *Click, click,* each was secured by Max. Cora expectedly raised her chin and closed her eyes. They both knew the ritual, this bondage as aftercare that Cora required to reset. In moments, she felt latex draw down across her head, her long hair pulled through a reinforced tube at the top of the article of fetish gear. The black material clung fiercely pressing against her head, cradling it in a much-needed embrace. Her eyes and mouth were all that were exposed to the room’s air now. A light kiss on those bare lips came before her wife’s hands wrapped a rigid black posture collar around Cora’s neck. Another click as a lock was applied to the collar.

“I get the feeling that you want a hard and quick routine?”

Cora moaned and nodded. Again, Max knew precisely what Cora needed. It was almost supernatural.

“Alright, routine three it is then.” Cora heard Max adjusting some settings on the display while her other hand absently fondled Cora’s latex covered chest. Cora again closed her eyes and began moaning, a small surprised yelp soon escaped her though as the machine whirred to life. With one last lust-inducing squeeze of latex clad breasts, Maxine left Cora to her private unwinding time, a true sign of her intimate understanding of her partner.

Cora quickly set a fast, frantic pace. The quicker she went the harder her little intruder pumped and vibrated. It was a fun little incentive. She was so thankful to have such a talented mechanical engineer for a wife. Routine three had a high resistance and a moderate distance to complete. It would force her to really work her legs to get the sensation she wanted, and she knew from experience she would be completely worn out in only a half hour. Early on, it was almost easy to power through the intense workout, and get the dildo to delight her. The rage and arousal were a powerful combination. Before long she was able to feel the welcome sensation of a cresting orgasm.

She locked her gaze straight ahead staring at her black clad form in the mirrors. Her eyes met her reflection’s. In them she could see the tumult of her soul bared before her. Pleasure, lust, and determination were washing away the anger, frustration, and vitriol still barely clinging on at the periphery of her consciousness. One hard push, and those negative thoughts, those infuriating feelings would be banished from her body and mind.

As she felt the climax nearing, she kicked her efforts into a new gear to induce the desired cleansing orgasm and the device buzzing and pumping away beneath her legs followed suit. A heady scream echoed through the small room as she shook and shuddered on the bike. She reflexively tried to pull her arms free, but it was a pointless effort. She hung her head panting for a minute. Her legs had stopped pedaling. She had to pause to catch her breath. This was exactly what she needed after such a shitty day. She started pumping the pedals again, but stopped momentarily because of how sensitive she had become.

Now each turn of the wheel caused pleasurable agony. She was far too sensitive for it to feel any other way. All she could do now was work through it, she wouldn’t be released until she finished the assigned distance. Of course, that wasn’t technically true, she could call for Maxine any time and her doting wife wouldn’t hesitate to release her, but the fantasy of needing to finish the route was enough to push her further. With an angry grunt aimed as much at the delightful torturer between her legs as at the fading memory of her incompetent coworkers, she managed to regain her pace. Her toes were already awash in exquisite agony as each turn of the pedals drove her smashed digits deeper into the uncaring boots. Her thighs soon began burning against the strain of the bike’s resistance. Under the latex, every inch of her body was drenched in one bodily fluid or another. The rage once directed towards the idiots at work, was now channeled completely towards besting the exercise routine, and towards the promise of blissful sensations. It brought focus and purpose to her emotions.

Over the next half hour, she claimed another three orgasms from her modified fitness device. As she finished her designated program, she was exhausted, sweaty, and honestly numb downstairs. Her mind swam in an ocean of endorphins from both the exercise and the pleasure. It was perfect. Gone were the spreadsheets, the forms, the emails, and the human stupidity. Her mind was a serene palace devoid of any anxiety, too exhausted to care about the exasperating day, really weeks, she had endured recently. Huffing and panting, her body worn physically, she barely heard the click as the built in locks on the cuffs released.

“You know, I’m always impressed with how you power through these routines,” a reflection of Max spoke to the tired, but relaxed latex clad woman. “You could simply have your fun and wait for me to come back and release you, but you’ve never failed a single time to complete one of your workouts. It’s honestly impressive. I couldn’t do it.” Cora smiled as her wife’s arms encircled her. The weight of another body caused the intruder below to shift, and Cora couldn’t help but gasp.

“Oh, right! Let’s get you free.”

Cora watched Maxine as she adeptly released the remaining restraints. The posture collar and hood were left though. It wasn’t an oversight, but a calculated move by Max for clearly practical purposes. A recognizable click and small tug told Cora all she needed to know; Max had clipped a leash to the collar. “So, I’m guessing you need some peaceful bed time?”

Cora nodded with a smile. The exercise had removed the apprehension and anger, and now it was time to enjoy some peace and quiet. “And I’m guessing you want more than a couple hours, so full rest period?” Cora nodded again, her smile growing. “And I think my intuition already knows the answer, but full rest treatment with all the bells and whistles?”

Cora nodded again, but then corrected herself, “Let’s leave off the punishment and pain stuff.”

A light kiss served as an initial agreement from Max, until she added, “Of course, hon.” Cora watched her retrieve a pair of leather bondage mittens. *We really need to get some latex ones that match the suit better*, Cora thought to herself, but soon Cora’s hands were submerged in the leather, useless. It made her reliant on her caretaker, her love. That was one of the things Cora cherished about their shared kink. Giving control, trusting her partner to care for her needs. It was oddly freeing, liberating even as she found herself bound and restrained.

“Okay, if this is a Defcon 1 rest period, we need to get moving to get you fully hooked up, so try to keep up,” Max said with a playful smile. Her mind still fogged by the exercise, the orgasms, her mounting exhaustion, and frankly, practiced experience, Cora grunted and forced her dead legs to move, hurriedly following Max as they headed to their bedroom. As they left the workout room Cora clocked that her haphazardly discarded work clothes were gone, clearly whisked away to the laundry at some point by Maxine. How she managed that without Cora noticing she had no idea. Cora must have paused at the observation as she felt the chain leash go taut briefly. Max gave an understanding smile, and seemed to sense she needed to slow their pace as it was the sole occurrence along their short journey.

Once in their bedroom, Cora obediently waited seated on her knees watching as Max finished some key preparations. It was clear most of the difficult things were already done, her wife predicting yet again the outcome of what Cora would choose for her post-tax season bondage *aftercare*. Max attached a number of health monitors to the soon to be immobilized woman. They would monitor her heart rate and oxygen levels. If either were to go too far outside the norm or, heaven forbid, venture into dangerous zones, an alert would immediately go off on the alarm on the nightstand notifying the ever-vigilant Max. Cora had nothing to fear, she was in responsible and capable hands.

“Want to use the restroom or need something to drink before we get you set?” Max asked Cora more as her concerned wife than soon to be jailor.

“I’m good, and I don’t want any complications if this is going to be a full rest period anyways.”

“Okay, but you are drinking fluids as soon as you get out tomorrow. No ifs, ands, or buts, understood?” Cora could tell Max was serious and gave a solemn nod befitting her partner’s tone.

“Let’s get you fully suited then,” Max said, pulling out a modified panel gag that had a small tube protruding, and secured it on Cora. The tube was semi-rigid and would allow Cora to breathe during her rest. They had tried using it to provide water once in an effort to find a way to extend the rest period, but that had been a disaster with Cora coughing and sputtering on the cool liquid. It had been a terrifying experience in the moment. So, today the tube would be for breathing only. Next was Cora’s favorite vibrator. Maxine lubed it almost too much, a small puddle of the liquid pooling on the floor as the device was made flush with Cora’s womanhood. A quick zip, and the remote-controlled assistant was secure. A latex blindfold was next snapped on attaching directly to the hood. A set of wireless headphones came last settling over her ears, muffling but not yet canceling out entirely the world about her.

Cora now found herself in darkness and nearly completely covered in latex. She felt the reassuring hands of her wife guiding her through the familiar space of their bedroom, then a pause. A clicking noise, then a rolling noise. Cora couldn’t see, but she didn’t need to. She knew Max had pulled out Cora’s secret private space, a vac-bed that was stored under their boring regular bed. She knew how beautiful and sleek the black latex looked on the cream-colored foam pad beneath. She knew once secured, she would feel both crushed and caressed by the device.

She faintly heard the creak as the panels of the vac-bed separated. Max’s firm guiding hands helped Cora into place. Her feet, the only part of her left free of latex currently, squeaked as she stepped on the latex backing. She braced herself as best she could against her wife, a difficult task in mittens and blinded, as she lowered herself into position. Once laying, a few gentle taps from Maxine aided in getting Cora positioned just right, and soon the top of the latex enclosure came to rest on top of her. A few quick tugs near her mouth and a slight vibration came through the gag indicating that the breathing tube was pulled through the single tiny hole in the latex, placed there just for this purpose. A few snaps made clear that Max was nearly done. Cora waited for what came next. Her body was practically vibrating with excitement. It knew what awaited. Anticipated the sensations soon to occur. Then in a silent instant it happened.

The open space between the two panels and Cora’s latex clad body evaporated. It was quick, but smooth. One moment Cora felt the tantalizing faint touch of the top panel, then the next it was pressed against her firmly. She tentatively tried to move. First, her mitten clad hands, she could lift them perhaps half an inch, but the new layer of latex clung to her going from firm caress to taut pull as she strained against it. Next, her bare feet, now finally wrapped in the sensuous material. A similar experience happened there as well as her feet lifted slightly before snapping back down from the tug of the suctioned latex.

She had no way to escape now. Her body was pressed under layers of the wonderful material. It cocooned her in a perfect embrace. It at once shielded her from the sensations of the outside world, and clung comfortingly to her body, enveloping it in a constant pressure that relaxed the once tense woman further. Here she could let it all fall away. Forget the misery of donning business clothes and instead let her inner self free to swim in absolute relaxation.

A small jarring bit of motion followed by the reverberating feeling of something clicking told Cora she was safely tucked away and locked under their normal bed. Nothing could get to her here, only much needed rest awaited her. She needn’t worry about a thing sheltered by her latex and with Max as her attentive protector. Sure, Cora loved cuddling under their sheets and being held by Max, but this was a different comfort. In this configuration Maxine was her guardian and first line of defense against the annoying world beyond. Cora knew her wife would protect her from any harm, physical or mental, as she recuperated here encased and stored away. The faintest twinge of guilt pulsed in her mind as she thought thankfully about all that Max had done tonight already, and all she would do over the next twelve hours as Cora lay entombed in a restful repose here in this pressing and quiet place.

She heard the faint humming of the headphones grow as her wife’s soothing voice came through, “Alright hon, you are all set up. Enjoy your restful *aftercare*. Monitors are working, and I’ve got alarms set for myself to check on you. Love you and see you in the morning.”

Silence came now. The only noises in Cora’s consciousness came from the slow inhale of air through the tube and the slow thrum of her heartbeat. Cora cleared her mind, and began to drift. The headphones hummed alive once more, the volume lower, but the unmistakable sound of her wife’s recorded voice began reciting familiar refrains, “You are safe, you are loved, you are valued…” With the gentle recorded reassurances playing on a constant loop, Cora drifted fully into a peaceful slumber.

There was no telling how long this first restful period of unconsciousness lasted, but eventually Cora’s body and mind stirred as a faint buzzing pulled her from her sleep. The sensation was centered on her nether region, a pleasant warm feeling building there. The vibrations reached a crescendo not long after consciousness returned. Breaths hot and heavy escaped the breathing tube. Cora’s body strained the small distance allowed by the layers of latex as she soared through a wonderful little climax. Having done its duty, the welcome intruder inside her quieted. The hum in the headphones returned, “You are safe, you are loved, you are valued…” and almost as if the whole thing had been the briefest of passing pleasant dreams, Cora drifted back to sleep.

The process repeated once more the next day, but this time the vibrator kept going for longer pulling not one, but two orgasms from the utterly spent and serene woman. When it finally ceased, Cora could hear her wife’s voice once more, but this time it wasn’t a prerecorded message, but the genuine article, “Morning hon, hope you had a restful time. I’ve got a bath ready for us to share. I figured you would want to wash off the residue from your *aftercare*. I guess you could say it’s a bit of aftercare for your aftercare,” a light chuckle coming in through the headphones. Cora smiled warmly beneath the layers enrapturing her, both from the corny attempt at the same old joke, and at the immense love she felt in this moment to the woman mere feet above her. “Oh, but first you are drinking at least a liter of something with electrolytes in it as soon as I get you out.”

Cora rolled her eyes under her blindfold. Of course, she’d do exactly what her dear partner asked. She hated to admit it, but her throat was parched. Yet again her guardian was looking out for her. Rested, Cora felt more like herself now. All that was thanks to Max, and so as she felt the vac-bed roll out from beneath their vanilla bed, Cora began plotting how she would reciprocate the kindness and love of her incredible wife. Not to balance some sort of scales, but because she wanted Maxine to feel this same sort of focused and unyielding love she felt now. *Guess we’ll be trying out that dog cage she was so insistent on getting the other week,* Cora chuckled to herself as she felt the latex of her vac-bed release.
