---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Traditional Ceremony 2
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- MM/ffff
- bondage
- kidnap
- cons
- X
date: 2003-07-01 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Traditional Ceremony**](traditional_ceremony.html))_

_Traditional Ceremony
- Part Two
by Zack
Traditional Ceremony by Zack_

_The wagon carrying the captives had been plodding along for a several
hours, most of the time traveling on rutted narrow roads cut through woodlands.
The two men sat on the seat, and the leader stayed in the back near the
tailgate, alternating between watching the back trail and guarding the
captives. Finally the wagon stopped near a side door of a large hunting
lodge deep in a forest. It had been a stressful trip for the bound women;
the tight hogties quickly became very painful, and the unsprung wagon bed
transmitted every bump in the road directly into their immobile bodies._

_Kealii was hurting badly. She tried desperately to free herself, driven
by her knowledge that this was not a mock abduction. Sonji had also struggled,
until she recognized the futility of it and decided to save her strength.
The other women had rested quietly. Miki wasn't worried, and Erig and Mahoon
had a plan._

_Ledg directed, "Take them into the lounge. Keep them tied up, and keep
your hands off them. I'm going to report to Modeg and get his orders."
He entered the building through the front door, leaving the other two men
to carry the prisoners inside._

_The side door opened directly into the lounge. It was a rustic room,
with a large stone fireplace, stuffed animal heads attached to the log
walls, and a vaulted ceiling. It was dimly lit by logs smoldering in the
fireplace. Erig had been nearest to the tailgate, so the men carried her
in first and dumped her on the floor near the hearth. One of the men put
some more wood on the fire while the other lit candles in holders on the
mantle._

_Once the room was illuminated the men examined Erig. "So this is what
an alien slut looks like, eh? Not very attractive. I wonder if she has
all the standard equipment? I suppose we'll find out soon enough. She certainly
is a timid little thing. She'll most likely swoon if you touch her."_

_The other man rubbed his crotch. "They aren't all like that. One of
them put up a fight."_

_"Just a lucky blow. Let's get the rest of them inside before Ledg gets
back."_

_The kidnappers brought in the other women and dumped them on the floor
next to Erig. Comfortable, leather upholstered chairs faced the fire, and
the two men sprawled in them. They used Erig and Mahoon as footstools,
grinding their heels into their captives' bound bodies. Neither woman resisted,
but more perceptive men might have noticed some anger in their expressions._

_All of the women were suffering from the tight bondage, but Kealii was
in the worst condition. She had been struggling continuously to free herself,
and now she was exhausted. Her chafed and bruised wrists and ankles ached.
She was crying, as much from fear and despair as from pain. Her nose was
clogging and she was having trouble breathing._

_Ledg returned with another man. When the two seated kidnappers realized
he was Modeg they jumped to attention and saluted. He returned the salute.
"Good work, comrades. Now we have the means to strike a blow at that traitor
Radg and his unholy alliance with the Amalgamation."_

_Modeg pointed to Kealii. "Take out her gag; we don't want her to smother."
He indicated the other captives. "Take out all of the gags. They can scream
all they want without anyone caring."_

_As soon as Kealii could talk she threatened, "What do you think you're
doing, Modeg? My father will kill you for this."_

_"Your father will do as I say if he expects to see you and your friends
alive. The National Purity Movement has advanced from talk to direct action!
We have demanded that Radg issue an amnesty for all of the Movement's followers,
denounce the alliance with the Amalgamation, and then resign. My supporters
will seize control of the Council, and I will be named President."_

_"You're mad. My father will never do any of that. And you will never
be President!"_

_"We shall see." Modeg turned to the men. "I've got to return to the
meeting. Our most important financial backers are here, and it is vital
that we get funds now."_

_He looked over the captives. "We can use these women as prizes; whoever
makes the largest donation gets first choice. Strip the sluts and string
them up. Don't abuse them now, but after everyone has left you men can
use them as you wish before you dispose of them."_

_Modeg left the room. The three men untied Kealii's feet and removed
the strap holding her wrists behind her back. She moaned as she uncurled
from the tight hogtie, and they waited a few minutes until she had recovered
somewhat. Then she was lifted to her feet and Ledg demanded, "Strip!" When
she hesitated he slapped her face and threatened, "Do you want some help?"_

_One of the men grabbed her, but she twisted away. She unlaced her bodice
with trembling hands, then pulled the dress over her head and let it fall
to the floor. She begged, "Please, let me keep my underwear."_

_Ledg laughed. "What, and conceal your charms?" He ripped off the garments
and Kealii started to cry again. The men held her while Ledg used the strap
to fasten her wrists together in front. He tied a rope around the strap
and tossed it over one of the beams running across the room, then pulled
the rope until Kealii was on tiptoe. He tied it off and moved his hands
over her body. "Very nice! You'd be my first choice."_

_Kealii tried to be brave, but she cried out when Ledg's cruel hands
pinched her nipples and squeezed her breasts. She whimpered when a finger
probed her mound._

_Now it was Miki's turn. She was very frightened, and when she was untied
she quickly stripped off all her clothes. Once she was naked her hands
were strapped and tied to another beam, about a meter away from Kealii.
She forced herself to be silent when her body was groped, but she gasped
when she was lifted and the rope attached to her wrists was retied so her
feet were off the floor. One of the men roughly squeezed her breasts and
then moved his hand along the arch of her ribcage. She screamed when his
hand probed her labia, kicking and jerking as she twisted around the rope._

_Erig was the next to be untied. When she was free she worked the stiffness
out of her arms and took as long as she could to remove her clothing. When
she was naked one man grabbed her arms and another moved in with the strap._

_She exclaimed, "Wait! Don't you know this is wrong? If you surrender
now I'll recommend that the court be lenient when you're sentenced."_

_This statement was so unexpected that the kidnappers actually paused
until Ledg shouted, "What are you waiting for? String her up!"_

_Erig kneed the groin of the man holding her arms, and when he doubled
up in pain she pivoted and used the edge of her hand to crush the throat
of the man with the strap. She pivoted back and delivered a two-handed
blow to the back of the neck of the man she had kneed. Ledg reacted very
quickly and was able to draw his sword, but Erig kicked it out of his hand
and continued with a flurry of kicks and punches that left him lifeless
on the floor._

_When Erig had completed her attacks all was quiet except for the crackling
of the fire and the rasping gurgles from the man with the crushed throat
as he struggled to breathe. Sonji and Mahoon were not surprised at this
outcome, but Miki and Kealii stared wide-eyed at Erig. Both found it difficult
to accept what had just taken place. The brutes that had handled them so
easily had just crumpled when Erig attacked._

_Erig took a dagger from one of the bodies and used it to free Mahoon
and Sonji. Mahoon recovered quickly and massaged Sonji's rope marks to
help restore the circulation in arms numbed by the tight binding of her
elbows._

_When Erig freed Miki and Kealii they both collapsed on the floor, sobbing
with relief. Both women were crying as they hugged and comforted each other,
trying to recover emotionally from the terror they had just experienced.
They were badly upset, but they were young and healthy and it wasn't too
long before they had revived enough to function._

_In the meantime Erig had searched the bodies of the defunct kidnappers,
but she didn't find anything interesting. She armed herself with Ledg's
sword and gave the other swords to Mahoon and Sonji._

_Mahoon hefted her sword, "This is better than nothing, but I'd like
a phasor about now." None of the field surveyors had been carrying Amalgamation
weapons. If they were searched the weapons would have aroused suspicion,
and also armed their enemies._

_Erig smiled. "What's the challenge in that?" She ordered, "Sonji, you
take Miki and Kealii and get out of here. Stay in the woods, away from
the road, and move as fast as you can. When you're well away contact the
ship and tell Captain Goda what's happened. Mahoon and I will stay here
and delay any pursuit."_

_Sonji nodded and fingered the communicator disguised as a religious
medallion that she wore on a thong around her neck. Miki and Kealii dressed,
and the three women left the lodge through the side door. They crossed
the road, but before they entered the woods Miki balked. "Wait a minute!
We're not going in there, are we? It's so dark that something could grab
us before we saw it."_

_Sonji said, "Don't worry, Miki. There's nothing on this planet that
can hurt you. Nothing four-legged, that is."_

_Erig said from the doorway, "Go with Sonji, or come in here and I'll
tie your hands to the beam again. Take your pick."_

_Miki whispered to Sonji, "She's kidding, isn't she?"_

_"No, she'll really do it. Now come with me. We're in the field now,
so buck up and follow survey team orders. I realize you haven't been trained
for this, but I know you can do it."_

_Miki thought a moment, and then decided that the unknown beasts in the
woods were the lesser evil. Erig watched them go, and when they were out
of sight she turned to Mahoon. "Let's give the rest of these Movement people
a chance to repent their evil deeds." Mahoon smiled. She loved it when
Erig talked like that. It meant the action was about to start._

_Erig retrieved her underwear and put it on. Mahoon removed her dress;
long skirts got in the way in a fight. The two women quietly opened the
door that Modeg had used and entered a large dining room where eight men
sat around a rectangular table. Modeg was standing at the head of the table
with his back to the door. He was delivering a harangue, but paused when
he noticed his audience was no longer paying attention._

_One of the men asked, "What's this, Modeg? Is the entertainment starting
already?"_

_Modeg turned, and goggled with surprise when he recognized Erig and
Mahoon. He sputtered, "What are you doing here? Where are Ledg and the
others?"_

_Erig replied in a calm voice. "They've resigned from the Movement, so
to speak. If you want to live you'll surrender right now, you worthless
pool of slime."_

_"No alien slut can speak to me like that! It's you who will die!" Modeg
drew his sword and lunged. Erig blocked his blow and her return stroke
opened his throat. The other men sat frozen with shock as Modeg's body
hit the floor. He gurgled as he bled to death._

_Erig announced, "We really don't like being kidnapped, and all of you
were part of it. We're going to deliver you to the judicial authorities,
and anyone who resists... like Modeg here... will be killed."_

_The Movement members might have been traitors, but they weren't cowards;
besides, it was four to one, and their opponents were just women. They
all drew their swords and attacked._

_\* \* \*_

_Sonji led Miki and Kealii at a brisk pace until they had traveled about
a kilometer through the woods. She stopped when they reached the edge of
a small clearing. "This should be far enough. We can wait here for the
shuttle."_

_She used her communicator to contact the ship. They waited for quite
a while before the shuttle landed in the clearing. When they entered it
Sonji was surprised to see that Erig and Mahoon were already on board._

_After the shuttle lifted off Sonji looked at a screen displaying a view
of the ground and saw a large fire. She asked Mahoon, "Is that the lodge
on fire?"_

_"Yeah, somebody must have dropped a candle."_

_Erig ordered, "Don't say anything about this to anyone. It's important
that the rest of the Movement people aren't warned before they can be arrested."_

_Kealii nodded. "I won't say anything. I understand that we can't let
the others be warned. But it's such a shock that anyone would try to use
violence to change government policy! This has never happened before."_

_Erig didn't voice her cynical thought, 'Times have changed, girl. You're
in the Amalgamation now.'_

_Aloud, she said, "It might be some time before all of the Movement members
can be arrested, so it's important that we go on with the wedding as though
nothing had happened. Miki, Kealii, do you think you can do that?" Erig
didn't bother to ask Sonji and Mahoon if they could go on; they were field
surveyors._

_Kealii had been thoroughly frightened during her ordeal, but her loyalty
to her father and her desire for revenge overcame her reluctance. "I'm
ready to go on. I'm not going to let those traitors decide what I can do."_

_Miki still couldn't believe that what had happened was real; to her
it all seemed to be just a holodeck scenario. She was young enough and
sheltered enough to still believe that she was immortal, so she also agreed
to continue as part of the wedding party._

_A short time later the shuttle landed next to the farmhouse. Erig said,
"Let's be sure there aren't any more surprises. Sonji, you and Swa search
the barn and the yard. Miki, you and Kealii come with me."_

_Erig did a quick search of the ground floor of the house and found nothing
threatening. The door to the cellar was in the kitchen, and when she opened
it she heard a sound from below. She cautiously descended the cellar steps.
She heard a moan and directed her flashlight beam towards the sound. A
middle-aged woman was tied to a post. The woman blinked at the light and
tried to say something through the gag stuffed in her mouth._

_Erig removed the gag and the woman coughed for a few moments. "Please
untie us, we've been here since noon."_

_"Who else is here."_

_"My daughter. She's tied over there."_

_Erig aimed her light at a young woman tied to another post. She slumped
like she was dead, but as Erig got closer she could see that she was breathing.
The woman had been treated brutally; her wrists and elbows were pulled
back behind the rectangular post and bound with many strands of thin rope.
More rope crisscrossed her torso and waist and wrapped around her legs.
Her dress was ripped open and bruises made purple smudges on her breasts
and thighs._

_Erig shouted for Miki and Kealii; they freed the two women and carried
them to the parlor. Erig asked the older woman, "What's your name?"_

_"Hojee. Is my daughter all right?"_

_"She'll be fine." Erig contacted the ship and explained the problem,
and the shuttle returned to the farm to pick up the women._

_Hojee was agitated. She asked again, "Are you sure my daughter is going
to be all right?"_

_Erig tried to reassure her. "Don't worry. Your daughter's injuries will
be treated on the ship and she'll surely recover." Erig didn't mention
that they would be kept aboard until after the wedding._

_After the shuttle left everything quieted down. Erig told the others,
"There are some field rations in the kitchen if you're hungry. Then let's
see if we can get some sleep before it's time to be kidnapped again. To
be on the safe side Sonji, Swa, and I will take turns keeping watch."_

_The three field surveyors kept watch during the remainder of the night
and into the morning hours, but nothing hostile happened. Erig was scouting
the woods several hours after sunrise and she detected a large wagon moving
along the track. She took a close look and spotted Dag in the group of
men accompanying the wagon._

_She returned to the farm and woke up her sleeping friends. "The action
is about to start. Get up and get ready. It's time to take a stroll in
the woods."_

_The women woke reluctantly, Mahoon grumbling about the lack of sleep.
After they finished their morning routines they breakfasted on leftover
field rations and gathered on the porch, enjoying the cool fresh air of
a bright, pleasant day._

_Kealii was worried. "Pami, are you sure that this is the friendly bunch
of kidnappers?"_

_"Yep, I saw Dag."_

_"That's a relief. I've had enough real excitement to last me for a long
time." Kealii consulted a list and gave everybody a scarf, each of a different
color. "This will identify you so the men will know who to abduct. Dag
and I have tried to do some matchmaking, but feel free to swap."_

_Mahoon leered, "No limits?"_

_Sonji said in a sympathetic voice, "It's so brave of you to try to hide
your paralyzing shyness behind a facade of simulated lust. Don't worry,
Swa, someday you'll manage to lose your virginity."_

_Kealii and Miki exchanged blank looks while the three field surveyors
laughed. The women draped the scarves around their necks. They left the
farmhouse porch and strolled into the woods, with Erig leading the way._

_They reached the road and walked along it, chattering and giggling.
After a while Erig and Mahoon detected several men lurking in the woods,
but they didn't say anything to the others. They pretended to be surprised
when five men with scarves covering the lower half of their faces jumped
out from behind the trees._

_Kealii screamed, "Bandits! Run for your lives!" The women scattered,
shrieking with mock terror, and the men ran after them. The color of each
bandit's mask matched the color of the scarf worn by the woman he was chasing._

_Miki was farthest from the bandit's point of attack. She forgot Kealii's
instruction to 'struggle prettily and then swoon from terror' and sprinted
back down the road, her city-girl instincts keeping her out of the woods.
Miki's pursuer was impeded by the milling crowd of bandits and their prey,
and by the time he got clear of the mob she had a long head start._

_Miki's bandit ran down the road after her. He sprinted until he was
about ten meters behind her and then held back and enjoyed the view of
her swaying hips and pumping arms. She had run almost 200 meters along
the road before he closed the distance and caught her. By this time Miki
was out of breath, (all of those hours in front of her terminal hadn't
helped her endurance), and when the bandit put his hand on her shoulder
she was glad to stop. She put her hands on her knees and stood bent over,
with her eyes shut, while she gasped for breath._

_He said, "I've got you now, my beauty! My name is Bedg, and no maiden
is able to resist me." Miki looked up, and Bedg's heart flipped when her
saw her exotic face, with its oval eyes and small nose. "Wow!" he croaked._

_Miki was too sophisticated to say 'Wow', but she thought it. Bedg was
tall and muscular, with a thick mat of yellow hair and bright blue eyes.
His mask had slipped off to reveal a handsome, deeply tanned face. Most
men were clean-shaven, but he sported a bushy blond mustache. He was dressed
in tight black leather trousers tucked into black boots, and his loose,
long-sleeved shirt was the same shade of pale green as her dress._

_Miki straightened up and struck a pose by lifting her chin and putting
her left hand over her heart. "You'll never conquer me! I am Lady Miki,
and I'll escape from your evil clutches, no matter how tightly you bind
me."_

_Bedg twirled his mustache and chortled, "No one escapes from me! Your
fate is sealed!" He tied a slipknot in the end of a four-meter length of
braided flaxen rope and flipped it over Miki's shoulders; it settled around
her elbows and pinned her arms to her sides. He turned, put the rope over
his shoulder, and walked up the road, towing Miki behind him. Miki promptly
grabbed the rope and pulled it hand-over-hand until she had enough slack
to slip the loop over her head. She was going to just drop it and run,
but then she had a better idea. There was a large tree branch at the side
of the road and she put the loop around it before she quietly tiptoed back
down the road._

_Bedg walked another twenty meters before he realized something was wrong.
He turned and cursed. By this time Miki was fifty meters down the road,
and she giggled and ran. Bedg took the time to retrieve his rope from the
branch, so when he caught up to her they were almost back to where they
started._

_He declaimed, "So you dare to take advantage of my leniency to try to
escape, do you? Very well, now I'll show you no mercy!" He wrapped the
end of the rope three times around Miki's wrists and fastened it with a
square knot. "That will hold you, my stubborn beauty."_

_"Alas, now that I'm helpless you can drag me to my doom." Miki ended
this sentence with a giggle._

_Bedg turned to retrace his steps, and as he started he yanked the rope
to demonstrate that he was prepared to be merciless. Miki stumbled forward,
and used her momentum to bring her wrists up to her mouth. Her teeth found
the knot, and two dozen steps later her hands were free. She tied a loop
in the end of the rope and this time she snagged a large rock before she
retreated down the road._

_Bedg was more alert now and he detected the substitution as soon as
Miki made it. He turned with a roar of simulated rage. "You were warned,
wretch, and now you shall suffer my wrath!"_

_He caught her before she had run ten paces, and grabbed her around the
waist. Miki shrieked and struggled. Bedg put the loop over her head and
tightened it around her waist, with the knot in back. He took his knife
out of his boot and cut two half-meter pieces off of the other end of the
rope. Miki reached behind her back to try to untie the loop, and Bedg seized
her hands. He easily held them both in his left hand while he wrapped one
piece of rope in horizontal coils around Miki's wrists, and then he made
vertical coils with the other piece._

_Miki was panting now, and not just from the effort to escape. She twisted
so she was facing Bedg and pushed her body against his. She lifted her
chin, and he bent down so their lips met. Their tongues meshed, and Miki
felt a wave of heat, centered between her legs, as she fought the rope
binding her wrists. Bedg glanced around. The wagon had gone ahead and no
one was in sight. He carried Miki to the side of the road and lowered her
onto a windrow of dead leaves. They kissed again, and she panted, "Yes!
Oh, yes."_

_He raised her skirt and cupped her mound. Her panties were wet, and
he pulled them off and caressed her clit with his finger. She screamed
and moaned in response. He unlaced her bodice and kissed her nipples, then
bit them gently. The moans intensified. Bedg spread Miki's legs and entered
her, and she wrapped her legs around his waist and screamed with every
stroke until he silenced her with a kiss. Miki's passion soared with every
thrust until it exploded._

_When Miki returned to the world she was looking up at the clear blue
sky overhead. Above her was a tree branch, complete with serrated green
leaves and a small gray animal with a long tail. She sighed happily. "Wow!
This was a first for me."_

_Bedg sputtered, "You mean you were a..."_

_Miki giggled. "Of course not. I meant that this is the first time I've
made love outdoors. On my home planet it's not possible to even be alone
outdoors." She sighed. "This was the most intense orgasm I've ever had."_

_"It was good for me, too." Bedg cleaned their bodies as best he could
using the scarves as towels. He stood and fastened up his trousers and
then pulled Miki to her feet. "We're going to have to hurry to catch up."_

_"Don't I get my underwear back?"_

_"No, it'll just get in the way...later."_

_"Alas, it is my fate to be irresistible to men, especially villainous
bandits." She pointed to her bare breasts with her chin. "Are you going
to expose my shame to your henchmen?"_

_"Actually, I was planning to remove your dress entirely." He laughed
at her shocked expression. "Perhaps not. If you were naked my comrades
would surely demand to share your charms." He tucked in Miki's breasts
and laced up her bodice._

_Bedg started to untie her wrists but she moved them away from his hands.
"Just because you had your evil way with me doesn't mean I won't escape
if I can."_

_"Then I'll have to take more precautions." He untied the loop from Miki's
waist and used the rope to cinch the bands on her wrists, putting the knot
where she couldn't reach it. He wrapped the long end of the rope twice
around her waist and tied it in front to the short end. "There! You won't
slip this leash."_

_Miki struggled to free her hands, but they were firmly anchored to her
back. "Yes, now I'm your helpless captive, and you can ravish me whenever
you wish." She giggled. "And that's the way I like it."_

_\* \* \*_

_Erig watched the 'bandit' attack with an air of cynical amusement. Miki
was the only one of the women to show a sensible reaction, sprinting down
the road out of danger. Kealii was obviously trying to set a good example
of proper maidenly behavior, shrieking and fluttering before she fainted
in the grasp of her captor. She revived quickly enough when he kissed her,
returning the kiss with enthusiasm and initiating one of her own before
he looped a belt around her arms and led her to the wagon, which was parked
just down the road._

_Dag had brought leather cuffs, and he used them to fasten Sonji's wrists
behind her back before she too was taken down the road to the wagon. Mahoon
was more hesitant, but the bandit assigned to her was unusually handsome,
and when he removed his mask and she saw his face she also managed to produce
a muffled shriek and a half-swoon._

_Erig was wondering who had been assigned to her when there was a tap
on her shoulder and a soft voice said, "Excuse me, but I'm supposed to
kidnap you."_

_She whirled around to face the speaker. He was a large man, with a muscular
body and dark brown eyes and hair. He was dressed like the other men, but
unlike them he wore a sword. His face was far from handsome, and the look
in his eyes and the set of his jaw gave him an aura of menace that caused
her to recoil a step._

_The man also recoiled. He said, "Please don't be frightened. I won't
hurt you." His body sort of slumped, as though he was used to having women
flee from him._

_"I'm not frightened. You just startled me. You move quietly for a big
man."_

_He smiled, but even this was vaguely threatening. "My name is Reg. What's
your name?"_

_"Pami Erig."_

_"You have two names? Ah, you must be from the Amalgamation."_

_"Does this bother you?"_

_"Oh no, I'm glad that we're going to join. This will open us up to the
whole galaxy, and it will provide a lot of opportunities. So, Pami Erig,
what is your task in the Amalgamation?"_

_"Call me Pami. I'm a field surveyor. I visit planets that might be ready
to join the Amalgamation and study their civilization. In fact, I did a
survey here several years ago."_

_"You do this secretly, don't you? Why don't you do it openly?"_

_"Well, if a planet's not ready for membership in the Amalgamation we
don't want to influence their development. Just knowing other worlds exist
can be a profound shock to a culture, so we conceal our activities. But
enough about me. What do you do?"_

_"I'm a Captain in the Civil Guard. I command the military company that
is used against bandit gangs and other large groups of malefactors. It's
the closest we have to an army."_

_"Sounds exciting. Do you see much combat?"_

_"No, its been a while since there's been a bandit gang large enough
to require us to take action. There is talk of disbanding the company and
reassigning us to normal police work."_

_"You sound disappointed."_

_"I am, for myself. Of course, it's good for the country that we no longer
have organized banditry, but I want to be a warrior, not a policeman."_

_"You're the only man in the our group who's wearing a sword. Is that
required of Civil Guardsmen?"_

_"No, I just thought it would be prudent." Reg paused for thought, then
said carefully, "There have been rumors that Kealii might be threatened.
But don't worry! I'm sure there is nothing to them, and I don't want to
alarm you. In fact, the usual guard detail was recalled, so I'm sure there's
no danger. I'm just being overcautious."_

_Erig did her best to feign wide-eyed innocence, all the while wondering
why the guard detail had been recalled. The presence of bodyguards was
normal, so it wouldn't have made the NPM suspicious. Did the NPM have anything
to do with the recall?_

_Reg said, "I'm going to scout ahead. You can stay with the wagon if
you want. I'll understand if you'd rather not be alone in the woods with
me."_

_"No, I'll go with you."_

_Erig gave Reg a smile she meant to be reassuring, but he interpreted
it as a brave attempt to hide profound fear. He was used to that reaction,
and was surprised that Erig had even agreed to accompany him. He turned
and walked swiftly down the road until he was about a hundred meters ahead
of the wagon. Erig silently followed him._

_They walked along the road, with Erig to Reg's left and slightly behind
him. Both were silent and alert, searching for any sign of danger. Erig
noticed an unnatural movement in some bushes next to the road. She moved
next to Reg and touched his shoulder, then indicated the possible ambush.
He nodded, and drew his sword. As if that were a signal five men carrying
drawn swords burst from the undergrowth and massed on the road a few meters
ahead of them._

_Reg shouted, "Run, Pami! Tell the others to leave the wagon and hide
in the woods. I'll try to hold them off until you get away."_

_Erig laughed. "Why should I do that? There are only five of them." One
of the intruders had advanced to the front of the group. Erig took two
quick steps and delivered a flying kick that broke the man's neck before
he had a chance to react. She scooped his sword off the ground and ran
the next man through the belly. The other three were frozen with shock
for a long moment, then turned to attack her. She parried their blows,
and her counterstroke opened the throat of one of the assailants. She was
hard-pressed for a moment, but Reg sprang forward and with one blow disemboweled
one man. He killed the remaining attacker with a backslash to the neck
that almost decapitated him. The fight was over in about two minutes._

_Erig sneered as she examined the fallen attackers for signs of life.
"What a bunch of losers. Do you recognize any of them?"_

_Reg didn't reply at once. He just stood there, looking at Erig and at
the havoc she created. "I... I seem to have misjudged you. Are all field
surveyors as capable as you?"_

_"More or less. We often go into dangerous places, so we're trained to
take care of ourselves. You're not bad with a sword yourself." Erig belatedly
noticed Reg's expression. "I haven't shocked you, have I?"_

_He gestured at the bodies sprawled on the road. "This doesn't bother
me. I've seen men killed before, and this scum certainly had it coming.
I'm just surprised. Not many men are as good as you in a fight, and I wouldn't
have expected you to be so expert with a sword. I thought you would only
use advanced Amalgamation weapons."_

_Erig shook her head. "The Prime Directive prohibits the use of advanced
technology on non-member planets, so we only have energy weapons available
in special circumstances. Field Surveyors train with all types of weapons,
including clubs and battle axes."_

_"The axe? Isn't that clumsy against a sword?"_

_"The trick is to keep it in constant motion and keep pressing the attack.
It's tiring, but in trained hands, deadly! A swordsman never gets an opening."
She return to reality. "We can continue this discussion in more pleasant
circumstances. Do you know any of these clowns?"_

_Reg looked carefully at the faces of the dead men. "I recognize these
two. They're known members of the NPM. That's an organization opposed to
joining the Amalgamation."_

_"I've heard of it. Let's hide them in the woods. I don't want the others
to see the bodies." No point in upsetting the civilians, and the longer
the news of this failure was kept from the NPM, the better. She grabbed
one of the corpses and pulled it off the road. Reg didn't question her
actions; he just followed her example._

_They spent the next few minutes concealing the dead men and erasing
the signs of combat from the road. When they finished Reg put his hands
on Erig's shoulders so she was facing him. "You aren't easily frightened,
are you?"_

_She smiled. "Not by fighting." Just by emotional encounters._

_"Would you be terrified if I kissed you?"_

_"I don't know. Let's try it and find out." Erig wrapped her arms around
Reg's neck and their lips met. After a long kiss she said, "Wow. Fear is
definitely not the emotion here. Let's do that again, just to be sure."_

_\* \* \*_

_Sonji woke on the morning of her wedding day with hazy memories of a
lot of sex, a lot of bondage, and much too much alcohol. Gamma's beverages
had certainly lived up to their reputation as smooth and very potent. She
raised her head from the pillow and gasped as the throbbing pain inside
her skull intensified. She paused to recover, then made another attempt
to sit up. It wasn't successful, because her wrists were still fastened
behind her back. She looked down her naked body and saw that the leather
cuffs on her ankles were strapped to the bedposts, keeping her legs separated._

_There was a knock on the bedroom door, and a moment later Kealii entered
the room. "Hi, Sonji, ready to get dressed for the ceremony? Oh my, you
and Dag really took this captivity thing seriously, didn't you?_

_Sonji blushed. "Well, it goes deeper than that. For reasons too lengthy
to explain now I have to be restrained when I become aroused, or else I
faint. Dag and I discovered this when I was his slave."_

_"Oh, that is unusual. I know that some people like bondage, but I've
never know anyone who had to have it."_

_"It's not very common. I'll tell you all about it sometime if you're
interested." Sonjii struggled a bit. "Could you release me? I want to do
something about this hangover. My head is splitting."_

_Kealii unclamped the ankle cuffs and helped Sonji sit up. "I drank too
much too. Do you have some magic potion?"_

_Sonji swung her legs over the edge of the bed and stood up. "Yep, yet
another marvel of Amalgamation science. Undo me and I'll get a pill for
you, too." She groaned when Kealii released the cuffs on her wrists and
she was finally able to move her arms. "Dag was drunk too. He doesn't usually
keep me fastened like this for so long." She rummaged in her luggage until
she found her medical kit and extracted two hangover pills. She gave one
to Kealii and swallowed the other. "Ahh, that's much better. In a few minutes
I should feel like living is a preferable option. But first..." she dashed
for the toilet._

_Sonji returned in a few minutes, wearing a robe. "I'm ready now. You
say that my wedding dress is just what I was wearing when I was captured,
and not some special gown?"_

_"That's true. It symbolizes the impromptu, wild, spontaneous nature
of the capture. We ignore the fact that now it's about as impromptu as
a sunrise."_

_"What if I happened to be wearing a nightgown, or nothing, when I was
captured? That could make the ceremony kind of embarrassing."_

_"Yes, it could. But you don't have to worry about being embarrassed,
at least by what you're wearing."_

_Kealii seemed to smirk a bit when she said this. Sonji had a uneasy
feeling for a moment, then shrugged it off. The dress she had been wearing
was attractive, and it didn't really matter to her anyway. The knowledge
that she and Dag were to be wed was exciting enough. She put on her clothes
and they went into the kitchen of the farmhouse._

_All of her companions had gathered there, and it was clear that someone
had dispensed the hangover drug, because everyone was feeling good. They
greeted Sonji and Kealii with a roar of pleasure, accompanied by a certain
number of suggestive and even crude sexual remarks._

_Kealii shouted, "Settle down, everybody! We're going to have to be on
our way back to Brombeg soon, so the traditional ceremony has to happen
now. Has anybody seen the judge?"_

_Someone said that he was in the parlor. Kealii said, "Then that's where
we have to be. Let's get a move on, folks."_

_Finally everyone assembled in the parlor. Sonji was surprised to see
that Dag's father wasn't there, but then decided that he probably had to
leave early for Brombeg. He'd be at the 'official' ceremony, of course.
Dag took her arm, and they moved to the front until they were standing
in front of the judge. She panicked when she realized that there had been
no rehearsal and she hadn't the slightest idea of what she was supposed
to do or say. She turned to Dag, but before she could say anything there
was an interruption._

_"Are you Zongee?"_

_Sonji was shocked to hear the name she had used when she was a convict.
She turned and received a bigger shock to find two Civil Guards were standing
behind her. "What do you want?" Her voice squeaked with fear._

_"You're under arrest."_

_"Arrest! What for?"_

_"You signed an application for a marriage license before your civil
rights had been restored. Come with us."_

_One Guard stepped behind her and held her arms while the other clamped
leather straps around her wrists. The straps were riveted to a thick leather
belt, and when this was buckled tightly around her waist Sonji's hands
were immobilized, one just in front of each hip. A hobble strap was fastened
between her ankles, and now she was restrained just as she had been years
ago, when she was tried and sentenced to a year of involuntary servitude._

_Sonji had been stunned, but she rallied quickly. "Dag! What's happening
here? You said we could get married a year after I completed my sentence,
and it's been a lot longer than that."_

_"That's true! After a year you can petition for a restoration of your
rights, and the petition is routinely granted, unless you've been convicted
of another offense."_

_"Petition?"_

_"You did file a petition, didn't you?"_

_"No Dag, this is the first I heard about it! I thought everything happened
automatically."_

_Dag groaned. "Oh no! Oh, what a disaster!"_

_"But I didn't know! Surely I won't be convicted!"_

_A guard spoke up. "You've already been convicted and sentenced to two
years I.S. All the judge needed to see was your signature on the application.
We're to take you to Prison Farm Number 8, the one for repeat offenders.
Of course, you can volunteer for private servitude, and someone is sure
to buy you. I'd bid myself if I had the money." He leered, and Sonji blanched._

_Dag said brightly, "It's all right then. I might buy you, at least for
the first year, and you can be my slave girl again."_

_Reg interrupted, "You'll have to outbid me. I want a tasty morsel like
her. I'll make sure she knows she's a slave."_

_His face was such a mask of maniacal cruelty that Sonji staggered. Dag
quickly hugged her and kept her from falling. This calmed her enough that
she started to think again, and her mind detected the inconsistencies in
the recent events. She squirmed out of Dag's grasp and asked him, "What's
going on here?" She was answered by a roar of laughter from the crowd._

_Kealii said, "Fooled you! This is another part of the traditional ceremony,
to do something to embarrass the bride. But we're all very civilized these
days, and it's just mental foolery now. In the old days it was some crude
physical prank, like dumping a bucket of paint over your head."_

_"This was bad enough! I was terrified, until I realized that Dag was
acting so far out of character." She stomped on his foot. "Buy me for the
first year, maybe? I'll take care of you!" Sonji struggled against the
straps on her wrists._

_Dag laughed, "I think I'll keep the straps on you until you've cooled
down." He kissed her. "Besides, when you're fastened like this you don't
have to worry about fainting." He kissed her again, and the crowd cheered._

_\* \* \*_

_It was several weeks later. Erig and Reg were in his bed, wrapped in
each other's arms and basking in the afterglow of perfect sex._

_Reg asked, "When does the ship leave?"_

_"In about five days."_

_"I'll miss you when you've gone."_

_"I'll miss you, too." Erig had said that many times to many men, but
this time she meant it. She was deeply in love with Reg, and the prospect
of parting was ripping her up. She kissed him and said, in a voice close
to sobbing, "I just can't stand being separated from you. It's like losing
my soul."_

_"For me too. I've never known a woman like you. I'll miss you every
second you're away. How long will it be before you can return?"_

_"There's no way to tell. It could be months." Erig basked in grief.
Then she got an idea. "You could come with me!"_

_Reg was surprised. "How could I do that?"_

_"You could join the Survey Service. We always need Field Surveyors,
and you have all of the basic qualifications. I could teach you the special
skills on the ship; the holodeck can simulate all of the training environments."_

_"Is it that easy to join? I thought it was hard to get a Star Fleet
commission."_

_"Getting a commission does take a while, but you could be a Warrant
Officer. Captain Goda can authorize that herself. Your warrant would need
Admiralty approval, but that should be almost automatic because Star Fleet
actively recruits citizens of planets that have recently joined the Amalgamation."_

_It never took Reg long to make a decision. "I'll do it. I've been looking
for a change; there's no action in the Civil Guard. And if it means we
can be together..." Reg kissed Erig. When it finally ended he asked, "Does
this mean you'll be my superior?"_

_Erig kissed him back and ran her hands over his body. "Only in military
rank."_

_\* \* \*_

_Sonji crept along the sandy track, her senses straining for any sign
of danger. It was hot, and she was sweating in the chain-mail armor of
a mercenary warrior. Her steel helmet felt like a cooking pot, parboiling
her brain. Her bow was in her hand, with an arrow nocked and ready. Not
that she would have anything like a clear shot in this forest of scrubby
conifers. She jumped when a small, scaly animal ran across the path and
vanished into the knee-high, grass-like plants that covered the ground
under the trees._

_She was very worried. Mahoon had gone ahead to scout a route over two
hours ago and hadn't returned. Worse, she didn't answer repeated calls
on her communicator. Even if she had met some of the locals she could have
unobtrusively activated it._

_Sonji cursed under her breath, "Damn, where has that girl gone? I knew
it was a bad idea to split up. That gang of slavers can't be that far away."_

_The undergrowth thickened, and Sonji heard something moving in the bushes
just ahead. She flexed her bow and aimed the arrow at the sound, and then
relaxed as an old woman hobbled into view. She was an ancient crone, clothed
in a tattered brown homespun dress, with a ragged gray shawl wrapped around
her rounded shoulders. She was barefoot and limping slowly with the aid
of a long wooden staff._

_Sonji greeted her, "Hail, mother. I'm searching for my companion. Have
you seen anyone?"_

_"Yes, daughter. We are well met; there is a woman just down the trail,
and she needs help."_

_She turned and retraced her steps and Sonji hurried to take the lead.
Thirty meters down the trail there was a small clearing, and when Sonji
entered it she gasped with shock. A large tree shaded the clearing, and
a rope descended from an outstretched branch. Mahoon was suspended at the
end of the rope._

_When Mahoon heard Sonji's gasp she moaned through the wooden bit gag
that was tied so brutally tight that her face was distorted. A leather
strap crushed her arms together from her wrists to above her elbows. Other
straps were wrapped around her ankles and her knees. A rope was twined
through her armpits and across the back of her neck to form a harness,
and then it was connected to her wrists and ankles. The suspension rope
was tied close to her ankles, and Mahoon's body was bent into a painful
arc. The harness rope was deeply imbedded into her shoulders._

_Sonji dropped her bow and drew her knife. She took a quick step forward
and fell on her face when the crone tripped her with the staff. Before
she could recover the crone had leaped on her back and pulled her head
up; Sonji felt the edge of a knife across her throat. She panicked, and
then relaxed when she realized that it was the dull edge of the knife._

_Erig said, "All of the time you spent on the planet has made you just
as soft and careless as Mahoon, Sonji. You deserve to be paying the same
price that she is, but now it's time for Reg's training session."_

_The holodeck was deactivated, and the 'crone' disguise vanished, revealing
Erig clad in her black exercise clothes. She stood and helped Sonji to
her feet. "I've got to get ready for Reg. Release Mahoon, and then I want
everyone off the holodeck."_

_Sonji operated the winch controls and lowered Mahoon to the deck. Mahoon
groaned as the suspension rope went slack. Sonji quickly unwrapped the
straps and Mahoon groaned again as her legs straightened and her arms fell
limply to her sides. The wide straps hadn't cut Mahoon's skin, but the
pressure caused by the suspension had left deep red welts. The rope harness
had engraved purple grooves in Mahoon's shoulders._

_Sonji removed the gag. "Can you walk? Or should I call the medics and
have them bring a stretcher?"_

_Mahoon pondered the question for several minutes before answering, "No,
I can walk." She struggled to her feet, helped by Sonji. "That hogtie really
hurt. I should have known that Pami would hold a grudge."_

_"Right. She hasn't kept herself alive all these years by being nice."_

_Sonji helped Mahoon totter into the locker room. The two women stripped
and showered, and after they had dried off Sonji massaged some of the knots
out of Mahoon's muscles. Eventually Mahoon was able to move almost normally._

_After they had dressed Sonji asked, "Why do you suppose Pami seals off
the holodeck during Reg's training sessions?"_

_"Well, Reg has a lot of natural talent, but he hasn't learned all of
the advanced combat techniques yet. I'd guess that Pami doesn't want to
embarrass him by beating him up in front of an audience."_

_"You're probably right. A few days ago I saw him just after a workout
and he was really dragging. We both know how brutal Pami can be, even during
a training session."_

_Sonji stepped up to a network terminal. "Everything that happens on
the holodeck is automatically recorded unless it's deliberately turned
off. I wonder if Pami forgot."_

_Sonji tapped some keys until an image appeared on the screen. "Swa!
Look at this!"_

_The terminal displayed the image of a young woman reclining on a gilded
litter. When she turned and faced the camera Sonji and Mahoon stared unbelievingly
at the picture. It was definitely Erig, but not the Erig they saw every
day. The hair color of the woman on the litter was still brown, but now
her hair was long and wavy, not short and straight. But the biggest change
was in the facial expression. Erig's hard, intimidating look had been replaced
by the innocent gaze of a naive girl._

_Suddenly the litter was attacked by several men armed with cutlasses.
The bearers dropped the handles and fled. Erig tumbled out, and she struggled
ineffectually as two of the bandits held her while another bandit tied
her hands behind her back with a silken cord._

_The leader of the bandits stepped up to Erig and tore the gauzy dress
from her body. Erig's high, firm breasts were unchanged, but her ropy muscles
were gone, replaced by soft contours and a hint of baby fat. The scars
left by a decade of dangerous surveying were also gone, leaving an expanse
of smooth, unmarked skin._

_The camera focused on the bandit leader, and neither Sonji nor Mahoon
were surprised to see that it was Reg._

_He proclaimed, "Princess, you are now my prisoner."_

_"What are you going to do with me?"_

_"That will be your decision. I can take you to a broker in the Free
City and he will contact your father. If King Zarg thinks you're worth
the ransom and pays promptly you'll be returned to him unharmed. Or you
can come with me, as my slave girl. I can promise you much pleasure, and
some pain. Decide now!"_

_Erig dropped to her knees. "I want to go with you, Master."_

_"A wise decision." Reg tied a silken rope around her neck and pulled
her to her feet._

_Sonji's finger pressed a key and the screen turned gray. She and Mahoon
had the same shocked expressions._

_Sonji wondered, "How long do you think we'd live once Pami found out
we'd seen this?"_

_"I don't know, but you could measure the time in microseconds."_

_Sonji pressed the 'memory delete' key. "It was a good thing nothing
was recorded." She struck the terminal, which emitted a puff of smoke and
went dark. "And even if something had been recorded we couldn't have seen
it, because the terminal was broken."_

_The women stared at each other, blank-faced. Then they giggled simultaneously._

_Epilogue_

_The mysterious fire at the hunting lodge was so intense that the bodies
of Modeg and the other deceased members of the NPM were completely consumed;
it was as though they just disappeared. Before long rumors spread that
the NPM had tried to stage a coup, and the Amalgamation had foiled it.
Some of the citizens of Gamma were outraged, but most were relieved. Whichever,
no one could ignore the Amalgamation, and opposition to Gamma's membership
faded away._

_The Survey Service was being called upon so often for special actions,
such as rescues and counter-espionage, that Star Fleet decided to formalize
the arrangement by organizing Special Activities Detachments. Lieutenant
Commander Pami Erig was made Officer-in-Charge of the prototype of these
units, and she was responsible for writing much of the operating manual.
She was also allowed to recruit whomever she wished, and Mahoon, Sonji,
and Reg were charter members of her unit._

_The End_

_Copyright© 2003 by Zack. All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments. Email me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com or zack\_writer@yahoo.com
