---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'She Lost the Bet 3: The Third Lost Bet'
authors:
- Jon Deets
tags:
- M+/f+
- MF+/m
- enslave
- costume
- dance
- harem
- bond
- display
- oral
- anal
- sex
- group
- cons/reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**She Lost the Bet 2: Another Lost Bet**](shelostthebet2.html))

A Sequel to "[Part 2: Another Lost Bet](shelostthebet2.html) "

**Part 3: The Third Lost Bet**

After losing two bets and paying the consequences for each, I honestly thought my wife would never make a third bet. But she is impulsive, and I am starting to believe that perhaps she doesn't mind the losing, or the consequences.

This wager happened during our recent trip to Morocco, where we had gone for a little "cultural exchange." She bet me that I could not find a local BDSM club in such a socially conservative and paternal society. After several nuanced conversations and inquiries in coffeehouses around the main souk, I was approached by a very nice-looking young lady, with her head covered, of course, who told me that I would gather up my wife and follow her that we could "find what we were looking for."..

She took us down many narrow alleyways that seemed to run in every direction, and we finally entered a building through a very nondescript door with peeling paint. The inside, however, was beautiful with expensive rugs, artwork, and a nice water fountain feature with a Date Palm/Oasis backdrop.

"Wait here" she told my wife, and "you come with me to pay the entry fee" she said to me.

She led me down another hallway and through a door, when suddenly four strong men jumped me from behind the door and put a strong-smelling mixture under my nose that knocked me out. When I came to, I noticed that I had on a traditional Arab robe, that both my wrists and ankles had metal cuffs on them with "O" rings attached, and that I had a strange choke collar device around my neck.

Upon gaining my senses, I shouted and shouted and banged on the door but to no avail. Hours and hours passed, and food and drink was shoved through a small hole in the door several times.

Finally, the four guards entered the room and said "it is time."

"Time for what?", I asked. "And where is my wife?"

"Time for the ceremonial dinner for our foreign guests" one guard replied, "and your wife is fine and has been with the women getting prepared for tonight's ceremonies."

With that they led me through a passageway to a giant hall, and when we stepped through a door I was overcome by the sheer splendor of the room. The ceilings were painted like the evening sky, with stars that twinkled. Priceless artifacts were everywhere: artwork, statuary, and six small "rooms"- three on each side, delineated by carved white limestone columns like ancient Rome with a table and chairs in each area. And there were guards dressed in Moroccan finery and carrying long swords or battle-axes.

I was led to a chair directly to the left of what can best be described as a "throne", and was immediately locked with silver padlocks through the "O" rings on my wrists and ankles to similar items welded on the chair. The largest guard stood directly behind me at attention. It was at that point that the pageant began.

Giant wooden double-doors at the far end of the hallway opened, and six groups of three men each were led in one at a time with a trumpet-blast, guards in front and back, with a flag-bearer bringing up the rear of each group. As the initial group was seated in the first small room, I noticed that the flag, which was placed in a standard on the limestone column, was that of France. As each group came into the room and was seated, the flags of Poland, Russia, Japan, Mexico and the United States were unfurled.

When everyone was seated, three trumpets were played as one, and everyone got to their feet while the guards snapped to attention, and a tall man with spectaculor robes came into the room from the same door I had come through. He raised his arms and calmly stated to the room "I am Abdul, our ceremonial dinner can begin, and welcome my honored guests."

Servants immediately began bringing in foods of every type: nuts, fruits, meats, and drinks of every type. Between each course entertainers came through the center of the hall - jugglers, clowns, musicians and dancers. After several hours, a large gong was rung, and the host stood up and said, "It is time for the main entertainment".

With that, the back double-doors again opened and a gorgeous tall, blonde, Russian-looking woman dressed only in sheer pantaloons walked slowly and elegantly into the hall, proudly displaying her ample breasts but with her eyes firmly on the floor. She had on ankle and wrist cuffs just like mine, and also a collar. When she was seated, prostrate on the floor in front of the host, a beautiful Arab-looking woman came through the doors similarly attired and slowly walked through the hall with her eyes down and kneeled down next to the blonde.

Then, the doors opened one last time and a woman came through with guards on either side. Again, she had on only sheer pantaloons, with wrist and ankle restraints and a collar, and I noticed small solid-gold miniature padlocks through her pierced nipples. Her head was shaved and she apparently had no hair anywhere on her body. Her eyes never left the floor as she was placed next to the other women. Our host then intoned, in a no-nonsense manner, "you will entertain our guests to the very best of your abilities tonight! Now begin."

The three women leapt to their feet and began to spread out around the room, but not before I saw that the third woman was, in fact, my wife! I tried to rise but was padlocked tightly to the chair, and the guard behind me immediately pulled on the choked collar until I almost passed out. The ladies began dancing some sort of sultry Moroccan dance in front of three of the groups, and then slowly rotated in front of each of the small rooms until they had each been in front of each group.

The host once more stood and said, "My esteemed foreign guests, make your selections."

The US delegation had first choice and selected the Arab woman, and then each group tooks turns with their picks. My wife was selected by the Polish delegation and the Japanese group. The gong sounded once more and every single entertainer from the evening's activities again came into the center of the hallway and began entertaining. However, the delegations were not paying attention as they only had eyes on the woman they had each selected.

My wife was first taken to the Polish delegation and a huge bear of a Polish man stood up and turned her around to the limestone column. He immediately attached her wrist restraints using caribiners to the limestone column at about shoulder level, and her ankles to the bottom of the column on either side which made her bend over slightly and present her lovely ass to the man. With one giant paw, he ripped her pantaloons off and she was naked. Without hesitation, he removed his monster dick from his pants and entered her from behind. He fucked her for about 15 minutes and I noticed with some surprise that she was giving 100% effort in fulfilling his desire; in fact, I don't think she had ever worked quite that hard for me.

After he came, the next Polish man, a dapper and slim aristocrat-looking man, tied her arms above her head but allowed her feet to be spread so that she was kneeling like a baseball catcher. He took his pants off and slid under her, and began bouncing her up and down on his shaft. All I could stare out was her perfect bouncing breasts with the gold locks through her pierced nipples. Again, she seemed much too into the activity and I began to smolder with rage.

When this man was done with her, the third Polish man locked her spread-eagled to the dining table and made her dance on his pole for a good 20 minutes. Once again, she gave maximum effort and moved like Michael Jackson in the Thriller video. Upon the climax of the third Polish delegate, my exhausted wife moved over to the Japanese room. A Samurai-looking Japanese man immediately tied her to a chair, stomach down, again exposing her perfect ass. This man, though, did not enter her love-hole but rather rammed his pecker into her asshole as she let out a loud whimper. He fucked her good in the ass, and passed her to the next Japanese delegate.

This man, though, did not want conventional sex; instead, he tied her up to the limestone column facing him with her arms and legs restrained behind her, and had her give him a blow-job. Again, despite all of the earlier efforts, my wife gave a memorable performance and licked, sucked and lingered over this man's penis like a whore on a Saturday night. She was clearly into it to a degree that was shocking. He pushed her away at the last minute and shot cum all over her face, hair, and tits.

The final Japanese man, who had waited patiently, tied her up in a long series of rope-knots leaving her legs completely open and defenseless to his absolutely pounding attack on her love-hole. When he was finished, all of the three women were brought to the front of the room and were made to bow like the end of a performance in a Broadway play, and they each smiled and bowed to the room as they received a standing ovation.

The host stood one last time and stated "in accordance with long-standing tradition, the Captain of the Guard can now use the novice-whore as a reward for his service."

With that, an absolute giant of a man walked up to the front and said "I will make this one whimper" and pointed to the novice, my wife.

The other women were dismissed and after-dinner drinks and coffee were served to the guests, all while this giant with an 11-inch penis was fucking my wife doggy-style as her face was about a foot from me. I could not help but notice that in addition to the padlocks on her nipples, she also had a new tatoo directly above her pussy that said "property of Abdul" in English and Arabic.

As the Captain of the Guards finished with an enormous grunt and explosion, he looked me in the eye and winked. The host stood up and said to me "Its up to you, you can now buy her back from me for $10 American now that she is used goods. Or you can leave her here to join my harem to entertain future guests."

I must tell you that I thought of leaving her, because I was devestated that she had fucked all of those men so vigorously and with such stamina, desire, and skill. However, I handed over the $10 to Abdul.

After we put on clothes and they led the two of us down the hallway and out into the little alleyway to our freedom, I told my wife "please tell me you were acting so passionately because they said that they would kill you if you didn't perform magnificently for their guests."

"No dear" she replied, "they told me that if I wasn't the absolute best fuck for every single guest tonight that they would kill YOU by choking you to death right in front of me".

30.01.12

story continues in [**She Lost the Bet 4: The Fourth Lost Bet**](shelostthebet4.html)

o0o
