---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/high_chair.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: High Chair
authors:
- sin_dy
tags:
- Sbf
- chair
- cuffs
- toys
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2007-05-28 00:00:00
---

Ewe wouldn't believe how sheepishly simple my selfbondage plan was. 
I took a short scrap of 2x4 and cut it to a "V" shape.  Then I screwed
it to a flat board which was about 10 inches wide and 3 feet long. 
The idea was to make a place for me to sit with the flat board under my
bottom and my legs will go to either side of the 2x4.  I drilled a
half inch hole in the board about 2 feet from the back end.  Then
I screwed an eye bolt near the end of the flat board.  I locked a
link on my handcuffs to the eyebolt.

I placed the board on the seat of a low backed chair and slid the board
back so the cuffs would be sticking out from the rear of the chair and
the hole I drilled would line up with the back of the chair.  Now
when I sit down and my ankles are pulled back with a rope and lock my cuffs
on I will be stuck.

Now for the fun part.  I fastened a couple of small screw eyes
to the 2x4 and tied my vibrating dildo in place.  I placed another
screw eye right in the middle of the underside of the chair seat and fastened
my newly purchased rope-ratchet gizmo to it.  I made a slip knot in
a 12 foot piece of rope but with a 2 foot end leaving the knot to use later
to pull the loop off of my arms.  I tied this end to the same screw
eye where my cuffs are fastened.

I leave the open loop laying on the board and thread the rest of the
rope down through the hole in the board and under the chair and out to
where my ankles will be.  Then I thread the end of the rope through
the rope-ratchet and back up through the hole in the board.

The ceiling in my old farm house is high so I sit the chair up on the
kitchen table.  This will prevent me from scooting my chair around
in an attempt to find a way to free myself.  Now with all the preparations
finished I go into the bedroom and strip.  I pull my favorite ball
gag from my toy box and buckle it in place.  I grab a wicked looking
butt plug and head for the bathroom.  From the medicine cabinet I
get some KY Jelly and a length of dental floss.  From the kitchen
freezer
I get a "always ready string in the ice cube" and go about hanging it from
the ceiling fan blade directly over the chair.  When the ice melts
the handcuff key will swing down on its string to hopefully fall right
into my hands.

Now working quickly I climb up into my bondage chair.  A little
swab of jelly around my butt plug makes for an easy insertion.  I
sit down on the hard board and the plug becomes immediately unconfortable. 
Leaning forward I place an old belt through the rope loop laying at my
feet and strap my ankles tightly together.

Flicking at my already sensitive nipples makes them swell so that I
can easily tie the dental floss around them and down to the screw eyes
that hold my dildo in place.  I'm so wet by now that the vibrator
slips right into place.  I turn the black knob to an attention getting
buzz.

The low back on the chair allows me to reach back with my arms and work
the slip knot up to my elbows.  By pulling on the free end of the
rope coming up through the hole I manage to pull my ankles back under the
chair and tighten the slip knot around my elbows.  I can hear the
click click of the rope-ratchet taking up slack and not giving any back. 
I pull hard and with each click a thrill rushes through me.  Finally
I can't do any more.  My elbows are almost touching forcing my breasts
out and I can feel the tension on my nipples.  I drop the free end
of the rope back to the board knowing the ratchet will hold and never let
go.

My hands find the handcuffs and I carefully determine where the key
holes are before clicking them on.  Six clicks to each wrist and peel
the little nail away from the tape stuck to the board to double lock my
cuffs.  I can't believe how smooth it went.  One moment free
and now I'm in tight and very unconfortable bondage.  Nothing to do
but wait and enjoy my vibrator which by now has caused a small puddle of
wetness to appear on the 2x4.

I can't turn my head far enough to see if the ice has melted much. 
Oh well wait and enjoy.  Probably be about 45 minutes more till the
key drops.  Sitting up high like this I can easily see out the double
kitchen windows and anyone driving up to the house could see me sitting
here all bound up and breaking out in a sweat.

My arms are beginning to ache already.  I can feel my fingers trying
to go numb.  I shake my hands as best I can.  I know it is the
elbow rope cutting off circulation because it has happened before doing
hogties.  I was struck with the fear that I may not have enough feeling
to feel the keys or find the key holes.

My vibrator was doing a good job keeping on the edge of an orgasm but
with my attention drawn to the numbness I just couldn't do it.  Finally
I heard the key drop down and instinctively looked up at the fan directly
overhead.  I noticed the blades swing around ever so slowly and the
key on the string drifted out to the side of my chair completely out of
reach.

Suddenly I knew there was no chance of escape.  My worst nightmare
was coming true.  A feeling of total helplessness came over me and
this emotion coupled with the stimulation from the vibrator sent me through
a series of orgasms that seemed to go on for 5 minutes.  I jerked
and shuttered and gasped for air riding each wave to the fullest.

After sitting there limp and exhausted for an indeterminate amount of
time I got my wits together and tried to figure away out of my predicament. 
If I bounced the chair around on the table I might be able to touch the
key.  Maybe not.  I might get a chair leg off the edge and break
some bones or kill myself.  Suddenly an inspiration hit me. 
The rope I had pulled on was just laying there.

I couldn't move my hands much.  I felt for the rope being very
carefull not to lose it from my numbing fingers.  I worked the rope
up through my fingers untill I had a couple of feet dangling down and then
started swinging it back and forth slowly and deliberately until it bumped
the string.  It must have been beginners luck.  The string with
the key moved around slowly and bumped the side of the board.  I stuck
out my fingers and pulled on the string until I had the precious key.

I could hardly find the key hole in my cuffs.  My fingers were
not responding and my feeling was almost totally gone.  After what
seemed like forever I managed to unlock my cuffs.  Then by leaning
forward and pulling on the tail of rope from the slip knot I managed to
free my elbows.  Just moving my arms around in front hurt a lot. 
I savored my pain and pleasure.  I delighted in it.  I didn't
want this to end.

I turned up the vibrator to maximum and flicked both my nipples as hard
as I could and once again reached back and locked on my handcuffs.

26/08/01 update:
