---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Initiation 2
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Initiation 1**](initiation1.html))

**ROB**

Amy kinky! That really shocked me. She had seemed so normal and now
her request that I tie, cuff, spank and dominate her in the bedroom had
me thinking.

I am so bloody relieved that it’s me she wants to do it and she is not
wanting someone else to do it is a weight off my mind.

But fucking hell! Dominate her! Shit!

I daren’t not do the washing up in case she accuses me of being sexist.

As we climb in the car she puts her hand on my cheek and says “I love
you Rob! Don’t ever doubt that.”

I kiss her hand and belt up.

And the good part was I am away on business from tonight.

We both do a lot of thinking as I pack and it’s a really tender scene
at the airport as I walk to the gate for my flight to LA. All the way over
I thought of what my beloved had said and realised that I would have to
go with her desires as I loved her and wanted to keep her safe even I if
it was my hand that hurt her.

God I loved her but she scared me.

**AMY**

Rob will be away all week, so after a day or two I send him an email.

‘Darling Rob: I hope you are not freaking out over there. I love you
and can’t wait for you to come home. I just wanted to let you know what
I did last night. I took those handcuffs and locked my hands behind my
back. Before that, I tied my ankles with a scarf and blindfolded myself
with another. Then I lay for hours just dreaming of you and wishing you
were there. Please be home soon.’

**ROB**

All week in the while I was in LA or la la land as we call it I suddenly
became aware of things about bdsm. I even bought a couple of mags while
in a sex shop with a colleague. He didn’t see what I bought and I didn’t
see what he bought so it would be ok.

The pictures are more than interesting in a couple of books as well.

I think I have a clue now, and although not really sure, I decided to
make some purchases.

Thursday we get to fly back and it is Friday afternoon when I finally
get home and as Amy has late classes I have James drop me home and curl
up on the bed.

**AMY**

When I arrive home that evening Rob has dropped off to sleep on the
bed, jetlagged. His suitcase is open on the floor, and inside I can see
some mysterious bags and parcels. I shiver, and wonder what he’s brought
me. He always picks up something when he’s away on business, and this time
I think – hope – it might be something very new.

I take a shower, then put on the silk nightdress he likes so much. Then,
wondering how I ever deserved a man so understanding, I slip onto the bed
beside him and wake him with a kiss.

He seems pleased to see me, at least. He sits up and give me a hug and
asks how I’ve been. I ask about his trip, and we run through the usual
small talk.

Soon, a silence falls. Looking sheepish, Rob catches my eye.

‘I’ve been shopping,’ he says, and I nod, speechless. I’m so excited
and yet I feel for him, because he seems so uncertain.

‘You don’t have to,’ I reply, but he places a finger on my lips to shush
me.

‘Yes, I do. I want to give you what you want, so badly. But you might
have to bear with me. I’m a bit of an amateur.’ He grins.

I think for a moment, then reply: ‘Maybe tonight, I could guide you.
And then tomorrow, you can fly solo, as it were…’

‘OK,’ he agrees.

I glance towards his suitcase. ‘Do you have anything, erm, that you
could use to…’ He reaches for a bag, and from it draws a skein of soft,
white rope – yards and yards of it. He looks at me, pleased with himself.

I gaze at the loops of rope as they lie in his hands. Suddenly, it becomes
much harder to talk coherently. It is exactly as I would have chosen. I
swallow hard, and ask him to cut a few long lengths.

I push the bed clothes onto the floor as he does so, so we’re sitting
on just the sheet covered mattress. I lie down, and stretch out my arms
and legs to the four corners of the bed which I chose a year ago, for its
strong metal bedstead, and then look up at Rob.

He sees exactly what I’m suggesting, and he starts to loop a length
of rope round my right wrist. I tell him that he should loop it round several
times to make it more comfortable when he knots it, and then make sure
the knot is towards the back of my hand so I can’t reach it with my fingers.
When he’s finished, he’s formed a neat cuff with a long trailing length
of rope. He repeats the procedure with my other wrist, and then each ankle.

I lie still, heart beating fast as he draws the rope leading from my
right wrist towards the corresponding bedpost. He secures it there with
a series of knots.

‘Better safe than sorry,’ he says, and I smile at him joyfully. ‘Overkill
makes it all the nicer,’ I reply, pulling at the rope to test it. It doesn’t
move a millimetre.

As he’s tying my left wrist to the bedpost, I quietly ask him to pull
it tighter. I want to feel stretched out and unable to move. He looks at
me dubiously, then pulls my arm gently till I can’t reach any further.
I gasp as he secures the knots, and test my bonds. He watches the look
on my face as I try to move, and can’t, and I think maybe he’s beginning
to understand.

He learns fast, and when he moves to the foot of the bed he grasps my
hips and gives a great tug downwards, so my body is fully stretched out
when he secures my ankles to the bed.

‘Try to escape,’ he says, with a very slight dominant tone that thrills
me. I struggle for all I am worth, and just end up hot and bothered gazing
at him in adoration.

‘Put a cushion under my hips,’ I say, ‘so that the angle’s right for
you.’ He does so, and it increases the tension in my limbs.

‘This is not too strenuous,’ I tell him, ‘so you have quite a while
till you need to release me. But not forever.’

I can see him admiring the tautness of my body, his eyes trailing over
my skin. Ever so gently, he runs a finger down the inside of my thigh.
The sensation is electric: it’s erotic, yet unbearable ticklish. I shake
in my bonds, unable to knock his hand away, and whisper ‘no…’

His gaze snaps up, and he frowns at me. ‘No doesn’t necessarily mean
‘stop’ any more, does it?’ he asks. ‘I don’t think I can get used to that.
What if you mean it?’

‘Don’t worry,’ I reassure him, still quivering from his touch. ‘If I
really want you to stop, I’ll say or hum Jingle Bells. It’s quite likely
I’ll be trying to make you stop in play, because you have the opportunity
to tease me to distraction.’

He looks relieved, then confused again. ‘Why hum?’ he asks.

‘Gag me,’ I whisper.

He hesitates for a moment, glancing at the suitcase as if there’s something
in there he’s not quite ready to use, then moves to the chest of drawers.
He removes a silk scarf, and winds it round and round between my teeth,
knotting it behind my head.

I’m all done giving instructions now. I give in to the sensations. Closing
my eyes, feeling myself properly bound and gagged for the very first time,
I pull gently at the ropes and find out once again that I really am his
captive.

Rob now comes into his element. His touch all over my body is exquisite.
I writhe and moan and get more and more aroused as he caresses, licks,
teases and pinches me all over. I lift my head to watch as he slips between
my legs but of course can say nothing and do nothing to stop him from raining
down the tantalisingly gentle touches that drive me to distraction. Normally,
I pull away because they’re so intensely ticklish. Now, I have no choice
but to submit and after a long period of desperate writhing I slip over
the top into a hazy preorgasmic state.

When he finally enters me, he controls the pace. He starts off slow,
and by this time I’m emitting a low moan almost constantly. As he speeds
up and starts to drive deep inside me, I think he’s genuinely enjoying
himself. I certainly am. It doesn’t take long before we both come.

He gives me a few minutes still bound, to calm down. Then he releases
me and we make love the usual way.

As I lie in his arms later on, I thank him from the bottom of my heart.
He holds me tight and promises, ‘Just you wait till morning.’ I wonder
what he’s dreaming up, and can’t wait to have him take the lead. I initiated
him with something very simple, but I hope he’s putting his imagination
to work.

**ROB**

While I loved the fact that Amy was under my control and how excited
she was about it I still had tremors as I tied her wrists to the bed head.

My other thought was, would a camera team jump out of the wardrobe shouting
surprise!

“Rob Andrews tonight you thought you where in for some kinky sex but
to night this is your life. Welcome in your mother father and grand ma
who have flown all the way from…” – well you get the picture.

But as I tied the rope round her small ankles and pulled her tight I
realise: A, this is the start of a journey, and B, the possibilities of
the position.

I love Amy’s skin. It feels so soft under my fingers as I gently stroke
her flank and the underside of her breasts. She sighs and lifts her head
and looks at me.

The gag I have tied is softening her groans as I explore her trapped
body and just enjoy the moment.
Soon, way too soon it’s all over and I take a few minutes to get my
breath back before untying her and we cuddle up.

I dream strange dreams and awake with a hard on and Amy. If this is
what I need to do to keep her I will be the best master in the whole world,
I think looking down at her soft red lips as she softly murmurs and snuggles
into my armpit.

The usual Saturday for us is chores and shopping for food. As chef I
get the shopping job and Amy gets the jobs I hate. This morning though
I have decided to spice things up.

So going down stairs and making us a coffee I make sure all the blinds
are closed except two –  these I leave half turned so you can see
in from certain angles.

We live as most English couples do in a new house where most of the
people commute off the estate and you don’t really know anyone. Amy’s mum
and dad are up at her sisters and my dad is doing something with his new
woman. So, just us today. I smile at the thought.

An evil pantomime chuckle runs through the empty spaces in my head.

Going back to our room I look at her sleeping and think back to what
she said as we sat in the pub. I hope she meant it as this could be the
quickest U turn in sexual history.

I shower and think that I will test her. I bend down and kiss her nose.
She awakes and smiles at me a little shy smile. Getting out of bed she
stretches like a cat and I notice the rope marks round her wrists and a
little bruise on her shoulder where I sucked too hard last night. A slightly
guilty feeling comes over me and I try to harden it out of my mind.

“So what do you have planned for today then?”  Amy asks as I dress.

“Oh the usual shopping and cleaning for you this morning, then I thought
we might go out this afternoon.”

“Oh” and the sound of disappointment fill the room.

I smile at her and ask “You sound a little disappointed. Were you hoping
that I’d do the same again as last night and leave you there? God no we
have a routine and that’s good. All the jobs don’t stop just because you
need tying up.” She goes red and her eye corner starts to narrow. So time
to come clean I think. Just to save my ears from her vernacular.

Her eyes follow me to my case as I lift two heavy packages out of my
bags.

Knowing Amy was attracted to handcuffs had made decided first purchases.

I rip open the first and watch her face as I pull out a thick leather
belt. Fitted with rings it was stiff and shiny from being new.

Suddenly something dropped in to place. Amy’s reaction to a fictional
telly program that had been on three weeks ago at the time I thought it
was because she was shocked that the female who wanted to join the SAS
had been stripped and made to stand against the wall breasts hanging and
total naked. Now I knew the truth.

“Stand in the corner hands behind your head link your fingers and lean
in so your head is the only thing touching it!”

**AMY**

I can barely believe what Rob is doing. Half of my mind is wondering
if I’ve guilted him into it, but the rest of me senses that he’s actually
getting into it. I feel humble that he loves me enough to try something
so alien to him, and promise myself that anything he wants to try I will
do with enthusiasm.

He’s even getting into character, not just tying me up with a soft demeanour
but telling me what to do in a confident tone.

As I stand up I find my legs are shaking. I stand as he asks, lean into
the wall and close my eyes. Every inch of me shivers with anticipation
and a delightful sense of erotic nervousness as I listen to the noises
behind me, wondering what they are.

**ROB**

I could tell she was pissed off as she couldn’t see what I was opening.

I reach round her front and buckle the belt round her waist tightly.
I catch her looking down.

“Eyes front!” I snap. And she shudders. Just a little tremor but I feel
it as I run my fingers round to her hot moist place. Parting her lips and
feeling the juice actually run down my finger. Ahhh I am getting it now
I think.

Still more to do today. I watch her head move as she listens to the
chink of chain as I get my next item out the bag. I bend down and click
a cuff round each ankle ratcheting them tight as the bloke in the shop
had told me that I should. “Stops chaffing.”

I feel my beloved shudder at each click and can now smell her arousal.
Using a small padlock I attach a thin chain to the middle of the quite
long chain between her ankle and  run it up to the ring on the belt
at the back and reaching between her legs feed it through her ring at the
front.

I need to turn her now and ask her to do so.

I watch as she comes to grips with moving her legs in cuffs. This is
horny. Her eyes look hot and smouldering as I take a hand cuff and lock
it round her right wrist and click it tight. It dangles near her ear as
I kiss her mouth and cup her breast.

She moans in my mouth and I nearly lose myself in her breath. I stand
back and move her wrists down and together clicking her right wrist to
her left.

And positioning the chain from between her legs I lock it so her hands
are held at waist level. This has shortened her ankle gap as I had to pull
it quite tight.
Longer chain I think to myself.

I stand back and readjust my erection to a more comfortable place.

“Okay I am going shopping and you are going to do as much housework
as you can. The more you do the more play time we have don’t forget we
have dinner with your aunt tonight.”

I kiss her lips and go before she says anything. But to be honest she
was in a mind of her own.

**AMY**

I asked for this, I remind myself sternly as Rob closes the door behind
him. I have to, because what rises up inside me is anger. What the hell
does he think he’s doing, treating me like this, making me work all chained
up like a convict?

But, when I can bring myself to be honest, somewhere deep inside my
mind, I know he’s got it exactly right. The sensation of being a helpless
slave is flicking switches I had barely guessed existed. The potent combination
of humiliation and desire is taking me over.

I fight a war inside: should I do what he told me and get what I presume
will be a reward, or rebel and risk him genuinely punishing me – not play
punishing like I would probably enjoy, but real – no sex, no bondage, no
nothing.

I decide I can’t risk it, and wondering whether I will be defeated first
by fury or arousal I take a few exploratory steps towards the door of the
bedroom. Every movement I make causes the chain to slide between my legs,
torturing me because it is hard and uncomfortable, and frustrating me because
I can’t use it to rub myself in any pleasurable way. I discover Rob has
also secured my handcuffs to the belt, so I cannot bring my hands low enough
to reach my clitoris.

I guess most people would think of hands and legs when seeking to restrain
someone, but it’s actually the stiff, wide belt buckled tightly round my
waist that makes me feel most constrained. It’s psychological more than
physical, and it drives me wild.

I reach the top of the stairs and realise this could be dangerous. If
I fell, I could break my neck. I have to sit down, clumsily, and edge my
way down on my bum, cursing Rob under my breath. I feel so… used. Embarrassed.
Angry. Controlled. And horny as hell.

When I reach the bottom, I have to take tiny steps because of the chain
hobbling my legs. I can barely take my eyes off the cuffs that are buckled
round my ankles, they look so serious. There’s no way I could break out
of them. Another shiver of arousal runs through me.

Under protest, I collect a feather duster and begin to wipe down the
surfaces in the living room. With my hands secured to the belt, I have
to perform contortions to reach everything. Raising my hands has the effect
of pulling the chain up between my legs, pulling my feet together and pressing
hard into my labia. There are some places I just can’t reach like that.
Reluctantly, I take the handle of the duster between my teeth and with
clumsy jerks of my head manage to get the worst of the dust off the bookshelves.

When I’m done, I reckon I have filled half the time it will take for
Rob to do the shopping and return home. For a moment, I consider just sitting
down and waiting, but then start to wonder if maybe he’s watching me somehow,
or recording me with a hidden camera. Probably not, but again, I can’t
risk it. I walk slowly into the kitchen, wondering what else I can accomplish
in my bound state. Tidying is all I can think of. The vacuum cleaner is
out of the question, as is spraying chemicals round the kitchen or bathroom.

I hobble-walk round the house, bending and stretching and generally
driving myself crazy as I pick up scattered items and count the minutes
till Rob will be home. Only the desire to do what he asked keeps me going,
and the fear that he will indeed punish me if I don’t.

Rob has thoughtfully left most of the blinds closed, but a couple are
still open and I can’t reach to close them. I hurry past the unprotected
windows. But then, after bending down to pick up a magazine and displaying
my bum to the window, I stand up and turn around to see a shocked female
neighbour staring at me from her own window.

Terrified and embarrassed to the nth degree, I freeze, then move as
quickly as I can out of her line of sight, my ankles pulling at the cuffs
and the chain as I try to speed walk. When I’m safely out of her sight,
I lean against the wall, sweating and with my pulse racing. What if she
calls the police? What if she comes round herself? I wait for the sound
of the doorbell, and can’t relax till more than fifteen minutes has passed.

Rob will be home any minute now. I don’t know where it comes from, but
there’s only one thought in my mind for his return. I hurry into the hallway
and carefully kneel down, sitting down on my heels with my cuffed hands
in my lap. Naked, bound and desperate for his return, I wait.

[Continues in
Part 3](initiation3.html)

01.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Initiation 3**](initiation3.html)

o0o
