---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Weekend Maid
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- FF, F/f, caught, desire, maidbots, latex, catsuits, encased, sealed, roleplay, maid,
  corset, boots, arousal, tease, machine, cleaning, collar, mind-control, computer,
  controlled, transform, f2maidbot, servant, climax, cons, X
date: 2017-12-09 00:00:00
---

Valerie & Jessie were friends in high school, they had just graduated and Valerie was going to be moving away to attend college soon, they had been friends since forever it seemed to them both, they were also known to get into mischief not malicious but loved playing pranks, especially on each other. Valerie had asked Jessie to come over to spend some time hanging out, listening to music and other ‘girly things’ as she called it.

Jessie arrived and was greeted at the door as always by one of the families maid-bots, she’d always been in awe of them, they always looked magnificent in her eyes, these were not your standard maid-bots but seemed to her to be superior, the fact that they didn’t wear the conventional maid uniform but were covered head to toe in latex, each looking the same as the other two, made them seem all the more powerful in Jessie’s eyes.

Valerie had explained to Jessie that they had come with the house, her Father worked for a large international corporation and they had moved into the house when taking up his position, and the house and the three maids were included as part of the executive package. The previous occupant had dressed them this way; she apparently liked the powerful, unified look they gave off coated in latex. And being company property her Father was not allowed to change their looks, so the family accepted them as they were.

She loved the look of the latex, she was told it was a catsuit by her friend, it covered the maid-bots leaving only their eyes and mouth showing, the shine of the material showing the curves of their bodies underneath, their breasts standing out under the latex covering, seem to hold and firm them, Jessie didn’t understand why maid-bots needed breasts, it just that they were designed that way probably by some male geek, she thought.

Making the maid-bots seem even more powerful were the knee-high boots and corsets around their waists, again completely unnecessary for domestic duties that they were designed for but a wet dream for some kinky person – like Jessie, she giggled to herself. She always felt turned on when she first caught sight of these maid-bots, something she tried to hide form her friend Valerie, sometimes though she would be caught gazing just a little longer than usual at the maids, and then be caught by Valerie, who then  teased her about it.

Today was no different, she watched the maid-bot that had answered the door as she walked in front of Jessie, the suit covering her, tempting Jessie, her eyes fixed on the way the suit moved on the maid-bot when she walked. She also spotted another of the maid-bots bending over whilst working to clean the lounge, the tight latex revealing the curves of her bottom, her eyes looking from one to the other as she watched them move whilst they worked. She hadn’t noticed that her friend Valerie was watching her, that’s until she spoke.

“Hi Jessie, admiring the maids again?” Valerie teased.

“Oh…” Jessie mumbled, now realising that she’d been caught again staring at the maid-bots. “No, it’s not like that.”

“Oh really, you always seem intent of looking at the maids when you come over, do you fancy them?” Valerie laughed. “Maybe I could arrange a date.”

“No, don’t be silly, you know me, I get distracted…” Jessie tied to explain.

“Yes the maids do seem to distract you, should I leave you alone with them?” she teased.

“It’s not that…” Jessie replied, “it’s… well not the maids… as such… more…”

“Oh, I see you like their uniforms then.” Valerie responded.

“Yes…” Jessie said meekly, now busted that the truth had come out. “They look so powerful in them.”

“Yes I must agree they do have an imposing figure, those suits do seem to accentuate their curves.” Valerie mused, “Would you like to try one on?”

“Me, dress like them…” Jessie aghast at the suggestion, though secretly wishing she was wearing one. “No I couldn’t, people will see me.”

“There’s only you, me and the maids here, no one will see you other than me and I won’t tell anyone. You can try the suit on if you like?” Valerie offered.

Jessie again looked at the two maid-bots working in their suits, she was in two minds, here was the perfect opportunity to try one on, but her inner fears and embarrassment at being caught out by her friend was playing on her mind. “No I couldn’t…” she responded, “I’d be too embarrassed.”

“You’re my bestest friend in the whole world, we have shared many secrets, laughs and great times together, we’ve grown up together through high school, why would you be embarrassed in front of me?” Valerie asked. “There’s no need to feel like that, I think you’d look cool in one of those suits.”

“Do you think so?” Jessie responded, now warming to the idea. “You don’t mind?”

“Yes you’d look great, and no I don’t mind and the sooner you get to wear one the sooner we can do other things. Now come with me.” Valerie walked off towards a room.

Jessie followed her eyes still looking at the maids; she walked behind Valerie still unsure of what they were doing, but feeling excited at the same time.
“This is the maids’ room.” Valerie pointed out, “these are their charging pods, and that is their cleaning station.” Pointing to what looked like a shower cubicle, “and here is where the spare suits are stored.” Valerie said as she opened a cupboard.

The smell of latex assaulted their noses as the door opened and wafted the fragrance into their faces, Jessie was starting to feel the first stirrings of her arousal, though watching the maid-bots as they worked in their uniform had started the process. Her chest felt flushed and her nipples were starting to stand out, which made her even more embarrassed and she tried to hide them from Valerie.

“Okay, they only come in one size, they stretch but we’ll have to use some lubricant to get the suit on you.” Valerie said speaking from experience, not that she’d admit that to her friend.

Jessie stood there savouring the smell and the sight of the latex; she had her arms folded across her breasts trying to hide her hardened nipples, but Valerie was on to her straight away, smiling at Jessie and looking directly at her breasts knowing what this was doing to her friend.

“It’s okay,” she laughed, “we all get turned on by something, you just seem to like latex it seems.” She and Jessie seemed to share the same things mused Valerie. “You’ll need to undress if you’re going to wear this.”

“Oh yes, okay.“ Jessie replied, her thoughts broken of her encased in latex, and she started to undress.

“And your underwear too, the maids don’t have any and you’ll love the feel of the latex against your naked body. Plus the underwear will show through the latex, spoiling the look” Valerie said when she spotted Jessie standing there in her underwear, “And it’s not like I haven’t seen you naked in the shower after gym.”

Jessie quickly took off her bra and then slipped her panties down her legs, still embarrassed to stand naked in front of Valerie, she tried to cover herself up, not knowing really where to place her hands, and she had a little hand dance until she settled on her crotch, her hand over her sex.

Valerie laughed while watching this, “You silly thing!”

“Sorry…” was all Jessie could say.

“Don’t be, now come here and rub this lube on your skin.” Valerie said, and then reached in to grab one of the latex catsuits the maids wear. The sound and sight of this sent delightful tingles through Jessie’s body (and unknown to Jessie Valerie’s body too). “Don’t forget to cover everywhere!”

Once satisfied that Jessie had indeed covered every inch of her body, she handed Jessie the latex suit. “Here I’ll help you put it on.”

Jessie worked her left foot down the opening for her left leg; she pushed against the latex which clung against her skin the closer she got to the foot part. Her foot popped into the bootie with some help from Valerie. Then she followed with her right foot and leg. Now both feet were encased inside the suit, they both began to work the latex up her legs towards her hips.

The latex suit was tight, but the lube that she had applied worked well to ease the suit over her body, soon her hips were covered, Valerie pulling the latex crotch tight against Jessies’ own, the feeling as the latex caressed her sex nearly brought Jessie to her knees, her legs felt wobbly and she had to hold on to Valerie for support. Valerie smiled at her friend knowingly; she had felt the same way when she’d first tried on one of the suits.

“Feels good, doesn’t it?” Valerie said. Jessie could only nod her head, her voice not working at this stage.

They continued pulling and pushing the suit up Jessie’s body, Valerie offered Jessie the left arm of the suit into which Jessie placed her hand and pushed down, feeling her way down to the glove of the suit, they took time to sort her fingers into the correct holes and soon her hand was covered. The other arm soon followed and Jessie admired her hands inside the latex, each detail of her hand was shown through the latex.

Valerie brought her out of her reverie by pulling the suit over her breasts, the touch of the latex on her nipples sent electric shocks through her body, her knees this time did buckle and she had to hold on to Valerie for support. “Steady there!” Valerie said, “Seems you really like the latex!” she pointed to Jessie’s nipples, now standing out poking into the latex. Jessie turned beet red.

“It’s okay.” Valerie said, “Enjoy yourself, no need to feel embarrassed, it’s a natural reaction when we get turned on, see mine are standing out too.”
Pointing to her own chest.

“Mmm, it does feel nice…” Jessie said, not realising why Valerie’s were also hard with her proximity to the latex herself.

“Okay, last thing is the hood, so you’ll need to take a big breath while we pull this on you. This will be tight.”

Valerie grabbed the hood on both sides, and pulled the hood over the top of Jessie’s head, Jessie had bent her head forward to duck down to get into the hood. It was a struggle to get the hood over Jessie’s hair. It was painful too for Jessie as she felt that the hood was pulling her hair out. They both gave up after five minutes.

“Stop, we need to think.” Valerie said, “You could shave off your hair, the maid-bots have none!”

“No, I’d look like a freak until it grew back.” Jessie said, though she did feel a tingle of arousal at the thought of looking like the other maid-bots.

“Well we will just have to use the lube on your hair.” She said and picked up the bottle before Jessie could object. Soon Jessie’s hair was slicked down with the lube and stuck to her head. “There that’s better, although I think shaved would be better…” she teased.

Then grabbing the hood again she pulled it over Jessie’s head, this time with the lube the hood seemed to go on easier and didn’t pull on Jessie’s hair, the hood slipped over the back of Jessie’s head and down around her neck, there was no opening other than the rear of the suit from the neck down to her waist so it was a tight fit to get her head in through the hole.

Once the hood was down around Jessie’s neck, Valerie adjusted the front of the hood to move it over her eyes for Jessie to see and also her mouth. She continued to adjust the hood until she was satisfied that it fitted properly. “There that’s better!” she said.

Jessie ran her hands up over her head, the latex on her fingers rubbing against the latex hood, she could feel herself through the two layers of latex, and her hands ran over her face, her nose and around her mouth, her lips opened to taste the latex that covered her fingers.

Leaving Jessie to explore herself, Valerie walked behind her and picking up the suit closer, she started to pull the latex suit closed. The suit was closed by the gun type device Valerie held in her hand, this excreted a powerful glue that sealed the opening, leaving a small seam in the rear where a zipper would have been in years past. The gun also emitted a UV light that caused the glue to cure instantly, sealing Jessie inside the suit.

Jessie was interrupted from her thoughts when she heard Valerie say, “There all done.”

Jessie moved her hands behind her feeling for the zipper only to find none, her hands reached up behind her neck and found nothing, she was encased inside the suit with no way out.

“Relax,” Valerie said, “The suit is sealed shut by a UV glue, there is a small seam in place of the opening. You’re now totally covered by the suit, how do you feel?”

“Oh my,” Jessie replied, “It feels great, it touches me everywhere, and I mean everywhere.” Running her hands over her body, feeling herself inside the latex suit and enjoying those feelings.

“Have a look in the mirror, you look great!” Valerie said.

Jessie moved over to the mirror, she couldn’t believe what she saw, she looked great, every curve of her body was displayed by the suit. Every inch of her felt alive inside the suit, her skin tingled with the touch of the suit. She felt her friend’s hands on her shoulders as she walked up behind her, the warmth of her hands spreading through the latex, the touch was electric to Jessie and her knees started to feel wobbly again.

“Walk around and get a feel of the suit, does it need adjusting anywhere?” Valerie asked.

“No, it seems fine,” Jessie said as she walked around the room, the latex suit clinging to her body, her muscles moving slightly against the latex enhancing her feelings. The suit also rubbed against her sex, the outer folds flowering open to embrace the latex, her little nub now seeking out the soft confines of the latex, sending delightful feelings through Jessie’s’ body.

“How about trying on the rest?” Valerie asked.

“Well it would be a shame not too after all this work.” Jessie reasoned, still being overcome with the feelings the suit was giving her.

Valerie worked the corset around Jessie’s waist and brought the sides together at the rear, and then she began to work the laces, once done Jessie had difficulty breathing.

“You need to breath in the upper part of your chest, relax you’ll get used to it.” Valerie said, again from experience.

The boots soon followed after Jessie managed to sit against the table, she was still having trouble with the corset but it was easing.

“There all done, how’s that feel?” Valerie asked.

“It feels great inside, I feel tingly all over my body where the latex touches me, or should I say caresses me. The corset is a bit tight but it’s growing on me and the boots look fantastic.” She said looking at herself again in the mirror. “But the suit doesn’t seem as shiny as the other maids.”

A wicked though went through Valerie’s mind when she heard Jessie say ‘other maids’, she replied, “That’s because you haven’t gone through the cleaner yet. That’s what gives them the shine.”

“Oh, is it safe?” Jessie asked.

“Perfectly, but it’ll sting your eyes, so keep them closed”. Valerie responded, nearly giving herself away. “Oh and your mouth too as it doesn’t taste too good.”

Leading Jessie over to the cleaning station, she opened the door for her, “Step in and it’ll do it all automatically.”

Jessie stepped warily inside as Valerie smiled at her, closing the door behind her and pushing it closed. This then activated the system to start cleaning. Jets of what seemed like water shot out of the walls surrounding her; the liquid was warm and seemed to get everywhere. Jessie remembered to close her eyes and only got a small taste of the liquid, which was bitter to her palette. She stood there as the machine continued to wash her and the suit.

Once this was done, another liquid this time with a white foam that formed on the suit, once drenched and covered head to toe, she stood there as the machine seemed to have stopped. Then just as she thought it was over anther stream of warm liquid rinsed off the foam. The machine then whirred overhead and she started to feel heat, the machine was drying her off. She got very hot inside the suit, the machine blowing hot air over the suit to dry it, but it was over very quickly.

Next, now that she was dried, came buffer pads spinning on arms and they rubbed all over her body, the suit protecting her but also allowing her to experience the intense feelings that the buffers were doing to her body, whilst her breasts were rubbed her nipples stood out at attention, the buffer then played with them sending incredible sensations through her body. Once they reached between her legs and rubbed her sex it was all over for Jessie, she came like she had never cum before, the intensity of her orgasm sent her into overdrive and she collapsed on the floor, shaking from the climax that was running through her body.

Valerie stopped the machine, a grin on her face as she knew what had happened to Jessie, “Intense huh!”

“Oh my god… “ Jessie said, her legs shaking, her body still reacting to her orgasm. She couldn’t say anything else; she was overwhelmed by the feelings.

“Feeling better?” Valerie asked after a few minutes for her friend to recover.

“Yes, that was… something else!” Jessie said.

“Missed a couple of spots, time to get back in.” Valerie said, laughing.

“I don’t think I can go again so soon.” Jessie said as she felt her sex twitching, her muscles still in the aftermath of her earth shattering climax.

“Here let me just buff them with the cloth then.” Valerie offered, and rubbed the places where it was needed. “There all done.”

Jessie looked at herself in the mirror, “I look the same as the other maids.”

“Yes you do.” Valerie said, “Let’s get you standing out there with them.”

They walked into the lounge and Valerie summoned the maid-bots, they all formed a line standing at attention waiting further instructions. They all looked magnificent standing there in a row, even Valerie had to admit that they did.

“Okay maid Jessie, stand next to the other maids and we’ll see how you look.” Valerie said.

Jessie stood next to one of the other maids; she looked at their posture and tried her hardest to repeat this in herself. She looked straight ahead like the others and stood to attention. She started to feel her inner sexual arousal start to rise again, so did her nipples which pressed hard against the latex covering, causing her to feel even more aroused.

“You do look like the other maids.” Valerie said, “If I didn’t know any better…”

“Thank you Mistress.” Jessie replied laughing.

“Only one thing missing!” she said, “Stay there I’ll get it.” Valerie walked back into the maids’ room.

Jessie stood as still as the other maids, she was enjoying the experience and the feel of the latex catsuit, ‘I must get me one of these,’ she thought. She lost herself in the feeling she was enjoying, it was only when Valerie walked behind her and attached something around her neck did she come out of her own little world.

“What’s this?” Jessie asked, her hand feeling the collar that Valerie had placed there.

“It’s your maid collar; you’re not a maid without one!” Valerie exclaimed, “And you get to experience the whole maid-bot thing with it.”

“What are you…” was all that Jessie could say before Valerie pressed the button on the remote in her hand.

“This is the remote that goes with the collar. The collar is for you to become another maid-bot around the house, you’ve always admired the maids so why not be one for a while.” Valerie said.

Jessie stood there her arms by her side, her posture now rigid as she felt her bodily control vanish, she couldn’t move but only stand there and look straight at Valerie, who was admiring her and smiling, just the sort of smile she got when pulling one of her pranks, Jessie thought.

“I found this in the cupboard a while ago, seems that someone used it to become a maid-bot, I looked it up online, it’s a ‘Stacy-bot control system’ where you get to be a maid-bot around the house and controlled by the system that runs the bots. The remote controls you whilst you wear that collar. Currently you’re on standby, but if I press this button here…” she said pointing to the button with her finger and then pressing it, “The system takes your body over and you become another maid-bot.” she finished grinning.

Jessie felt the information start to flow into her brain, her mind was filled with all sorts of images and instructions on maid duties, how to wash clothes and how to cook, something that she’d never mastered. All she could do was stand there as the system fed the information to her brain, stored away inside her mind, her body held in the same rigid attention stance that she’d first tried.

After a few minutes the information slowed and she could start to gain access to the information, she also felt the house computer system connect directly with her mind, giving her her duties for the day. ‘Just the same as the other maid-bots’, she thought, ‘this is weird but it also feels good in a way, I feel more relaxed and my mind freer, my thought are clearer, this is starting to feel good.’

Valerie stood there waiting for the system to finish; once she thought that everything was ready she spoke to Jessie. “Are you okay Jessie, you seem awfully quiet.”

“Jessie-bot coming online…” Jessie responded.

“Oh, that’s good. I think.” Valerie said, astounded that the prank actually worked, she hadn’t tried the collar when wearing the catsuit herself, she’d only read about its effects online but was too afraid to try it herself.

“Jessie-bot awaiting instructions Mistress.” Jessie said, her voice changed to sound more android and less human. ‘Is that my voice?’ she thought, ‘Cool, I sound so machine like.’

“Jessie? Stop playing around.” Valerie said, unsure of what had happened to her friend.

“Jessie-bot waiting for your instructions Mistress, would you like me to fetch you a drink?”

“Okay Jessie, I’ll play along, fetch me a cold drink from the kitchen.” Valerie said, still not too sure if Jessie was winding her up.

Jessie turned and walked away to the kitchen, she received instruction as to what favorite drink Valerie liked and how she liked it. She prepared the glass, poured the drink and brought it back to Valerie on a tray. “Here Mistress, here is your drink.”

“Thanks Jessie.” Valerie said amazed at her friend still continuing playing at being a maid.

“Is there anything else Mistress?” Jessie asked.

“You can rub my feet.” Valerie said, thinking that she’d get her friends little game, knowing that Jessie would hate this.

“Yes Mistress.” Jessie said as she bent down on one knee and placed Valerie’s foot on top of her thigh, she began massaging her foot with no hesitation. ‘Oh my, your feet stink’, Jessie thought, but she remained expressionless as she continued, unable to stop herself, the system now in full control of her body.

Jessie finished massaging Valerie’s feet, she asked if there was anything else she could do but even though a wicked sexy thought went through her mind Valerie could not think of anything. And she dismissed Jessie, who went off to her next job that the system told her to do.

Valerie now knew that Jessie was under the house systems control, she doubted that Jessie would go anywhere near her feet, let alone spend time massaging them like she had. ‘Maybe this could work out well, Jessie gets to experience being a maid wearing the latex suit and I get someone to run around after me.’ The other maid-bots were under instruction from her parents not to wait ‘hand and foot’, as her mother called it on Valerie. She was supposed to be learning to cope on her own without the bots to help her.

Jessie continued following her instructions, she loved it that she was freed from the responsibilities that she had, her mind now clearer and more focused. ‘I can see the appeal of this.’ Jessie thought to herself, ‘No cares, no problems just simple domestic tasks with no real input on my part.’ She spent most of the day cleaning the upstairs bedrooms. Valerie even went looking for her and when she found her just watched as she made the beds perfectly, brushed down the covers and tidied the room until clean.

To Valerie she looked the same now as the other maid-bots, she moved the same and she certainly spoke like them. ‘I wonder if she’s enjoying this?’ she thought.

“Jessie,” she spoke, interrupting the maid-bot, “Are you okay?”

“Yes Mistress, Jessie-bot is fully functional.” Jessie replied automatically, which amazed Jessie as she sounded just like an android.

“Are you enjoying this?” Valerie asked.

“Enjoy Mistress, I’m not sure what that is?” Jessie again responded automatically as directed by the system controlling her.

“Are you happy being a maid-bot?” Valerie frustrated by the response asked.

“Yes Mistress, Maid-bot Jessie is happy being your maid.” Jessie said, some of it from her own thoughts. ‘I am happy,’ she thought, ‘I’m beginning to like this.’

“Okay Jessie, resume your duties.” Valerie said, not knowing what else to do other than leave her friend enjoying her time as a maid-bot it seemed.

Frustrated that she couldn’t seem to communicate with her best friend she retreated to her bedroom and placed her headphones on to listen to her music. Whilst Jessie carried on cleaning.

\* \* \*
