---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: On the Road Again
authors:
- The White Knight
tags:
- n-a
---

story

 On The Road
Again - Chapter One
 by The White
Knight
(This is a fictional story based upon a similar encounter that did
not in anyway turn out like this fantasy.)

It was late, for me at least, around about mid-night.  The hotel
bar was relatively quiet with all of the usual sounds.  A basketball
game was on the TV.  People were chatting about this and that and
the normal few singles on the make.  With all of the traveling that
I have had to do lately, bars like this one were becoming almost a home
away from home to me.

I took another sip of my beer; a pretty good amber made for the hotel
by a microbrewery, as I turned the page of the latest book I was reading. 
You know the type; action adventure hero finds mystery, meets girl, fights
bad guys, loses girl and finally solves the mystery.  Just another
day in the life of a bored businessman.

I felt the seat cushion of the booth I was in pressed downwards, before
I realized that someone was there.  I looked up from my book to see
what I can only describe as a cheerful woman with a warm smile.  I
couldn’t help but smile back at her as I asked, “Is there something I can
do for you?”  A little clarification may be needed here.  Women
do not come up to me and start conversations in settings like this one. 
I am not ugly, but I am also not a male model.  At 6’4”, with my dark
hair starting to show signs of gray and beginning to have to fight the
battle of the bulge, I am definitely not most women’s fantasy.

“First”, the charming blond began, “you can pretend like we are having
a great time.”  She gave a little laugh, which I now believe was an
act, but at the time believed was in response to the disbelieving / questioning
look I gave her.  “Look”, she continued, “I came here to maybe find
a little fun, but the guy over there who’s been hitting on me is drunk
and really becoming annoying.  If you don’t mind to much, I’d like
to hang out here...  with you, until he loses interest or leaves.” 
Just as she finished this statement a pretty good looking guy, with his
work shirt collar open and tie down, passed by.  He looked at both
of us as he passed the booth.  He had a pissed off look, so I figured
he was the jilted guy.

After he passed I said, “It looks like you re in luck”, tilting my head
in the direction towards the door, “It looks like King Annoying has left
for the evening”.  She smiled that infectious smile again, “Yes, that’s
a good name for him. I like it”, she said.  “If you don’t mind I’d
like to hang around a few more minutes to make sure he just isn’t going
to the bathroom or something.  Hey what’s your name and thanks for
saving me.”

“My names Mike”, I said with a smile, “and your welcome.  Saving
damsels in distress has always been one of my fantasies.”  I lowered
my voice conspiratorially, “Especially when I don’t have to slay any dragons
to do it.”  This time her laugh was real.  Her head tilted backwards
as she laughed pushing forward a very nice chest, showing a modest amount
cleavage.

Hey, I said to myself, it’s O.K. to look even if you are married. 
Heck you’re not dead yet!  She was a pretty picture to look at. 
Not very tall, perhaps five one or two, but she had a proportionately shaped
body for her size that had all of the appropriate curves.  Her short
blond hair had the devil-may-care look that reminded me of Meg Ryan, in
the movie Top Gun.  Her face was not that of a model, more rounded,
with lips that should have been in a Revlon ad and big green eyes. 
She wore tasteful clothing.  A baby blue silk (maybe) blouse and short
black skirt, which displayed her very shapely light, blue stockings. 
Best of all though were her black high heels.  Those heels were five
inches, if they were an inch! Wow!

She started asking me the standard fair of questions.  You know,
what’s your name, where do you work, what brings you here, etc.  It
was just about at the time that I found out her name was Katherine, but,
you can call me Kathy.  Just than King Annoying walked back in. 
He glared at me like I was some kind of snake, but fortunately walked on
by, without making an incident.  We both let out a similar sigh of
relief at the same time.  We looked at each other and cracked up laughing. 
Heck, this was much more fun than reading a book.

We continued to talk and little by little I started to forget about
her as a “tempting” woman, but more as someone to share my loneliness. 
She asked me about home and I told her about my wife and kids.  I
talked about them for quite awhile, as I have done many times.  I
told her about my lovely wife who was the perfect mom and regaled her with
stories of my three children.  Kathy in turn told me about a failed
relationship, with a boring accountant.  Ouch, I thought to myself,
that hit close to home.  I admitted to her that that’s about what
you could label me “a boring accountant”.  I had said it with a little
sardonic laugh, but my eyes looked down towards the table, sort of unconsciously
confirming the truth.

“Oh come on”, she said.  “We been talking for close to an hour
and I have been anything but bored!”  As she made this quiet statement
her soft hand had closed over mine and given it a squeeze.  Electric
shocks flowed up my arm and I found myself getting aroused!  I was
a little afraid to move my hand for fear that she might think I was a wimp
and also because I kind of liked the feeling.  We continued to talk;
though I am truthfully not sure how I was able to keep up my end of the
conversation.  A couple of times she lifted her hand off mine to emphasize
her words, but it always found its way back.  Finally I got more comfortable
and had basically convinced myself that she was just a friendly southerner
and this was her normal mannerism.  But then it happened, she had
shifted position a little and it brought her leg into direct contact with
mine.  Not incidental contact, but a light rubbing motion with her
high-heeled foot against my leg.  Bang, zoom, without so much as a
stirring warning my privates had hardened and started to make a slight,
but to me very noticeable bulge in my pants.  Woo baby, I thought,
let’s get these horse reined in and quickly before I get into something
I can’t get out of.

“Kathy”, I said slowly, not really knowing what I was going to say,
but knowing I had to say something.  “Kathy, I’m married.  Happily
married.  I’ve got kids and everything.  I... I really don’t
think I’m what you’re looking for.”  Her foot stopped rubbing my leg,
but neither it nor her hand moved.  “Mike”, she said softly looking
me in the eye, “do you think I deserve someone like King Annoying or someone
open and honest like you?”

I laughed a little, nervously framing my reply, “Now, that lovely lady
is a loaded question.”  I realized almost immediately what I had said
wrong and jumped in to correct myself.  “I didn’t mean to say lovely
lady, it just sort of slipped out.  What I meant was that that question
is loaded because you do deserve someone better than King Annoying, but
you also deserve some better than me.”  I plunged onwards, awkwardly
trying to get myself out of this with whatever was left of my dignity intact. 
“Look, I’m no ladies man.  I love my wife and kids and I wouldn’t
ever do anything to hurt them.... And besides, if you knew what I was really
like you would probably rate me below Mr. Annoying over there.”  I
don’t know where that statement came from, but rather than closing the
door for good, the one utterance opened up Pandora’s box.

Her feminine curiosity had been aroused.  “What about you could
possibly be so bad that I would think less of you than that slime”, she
asked flatly.  I hemmed and hawed, not knowing what to say. 
“Mike”, she started again, “I’m not trying to make problems for you and
I’m not suggesting we hurt anyone, but...” The famous but.  Why does
there always have to be a but.  Her foot had started to slowly rub
my leg, now more of a caress, because of the slowness and lightness of
her touch.

I had to stop this.  But, I wanted to stop it my way, not run a
way like a scared puppy.  I wanted to scare her off instead of vise
versa.  “Look, Kathy”, I started abruptly.  “You are a heck of
a nice person...”  “A lovely lady, I think is how you put it”, she
interrupted.  “Yes”, I resumed in my strongest tough guy voice, “A
nice person and a love lady.  But if I want sex I can get it a home.” 
I looked down at the table and then opened my big mouth again.  “Maybe
not as often as I like, or in exactly the way I’d like...”

The condor pounced on the small running rodent.  “What do you mean
not in exactly the way you’d like”, she asked with an interested look. 
Truthfully I had been trying to get to this place, but it still wasn’t
easy to use this to scare her off.  I hemmed and hawed a little more,
but she wouldn’t relent.  “Come on Mike, what is it you really want
that not even your wife will give you”, she asked with that cat like smile
that says I’ve got you now.  Both hands were now on my hand. 
“Well, blow jobs for one thing”, I said breathlessly.  I started to
feel as if I had been running for a long time.  “Not they she won’t
give me head once and it awhile, just not as often as I would like.”

One of her hands moved off the table and down to my thigh, where she
had it make small circles with her fingers.  “So”, she began. 
“We have determined that you don’t have anything against a good blow job,
I hardly think that that puts you in a category below that slithering life
form King Annoying.  Now, I knew I had to run or continue on my set
course.  I came out with both guns blazing.  “Look, Kathy,” I
said, “Sex I can get at home, but what I want most of all is control!”

She looked at me blankly, “Control, what do you mean?”, she asked. 
“I mean, bluntly”, I said softly turning my head away from her prying eyes. 
“Look, I get my wife to wear sexy clothes and let me tie her up. 
You know bondage... B&D... S&M.  Whatever you want to call
it.  To me their is nothing more exciting than an a woman in sexy
lingerie, bound and under my control.”

Well that stopped her in her tracks.  She paused; in fact she had
even unconsciously leaned backwards.  Kathy just looked at me for
awhile, it seemed like an eternity.  I wanted to get up and run, rather
than face the contempt I felt was sure to come.  “If you want to get
rid of me just say good-bye”, she said, “but don’t go making up stories.” 
I looked her right in the eye and said as steadily as I could, “It’s no
story.”

She sat back against her seat, I thought at the time, in shock. 
“So”, she began, “We have determined that you like blow jobs and bondage. 
All right, I’ll buy it that you’re serious.”  She leaned forward again
and put her hand back over mine, “I still think you’re a nice guy and I’m
still interested.  Now, either you can tell me to leave or we can
go some place else, preferably one of our rooms, to discuss this further.”

Now, it was my turn to be shocked.  I felt like the deer caught
in the middle of the road watching the oncoming lights of a car. 
I knew what was right, but... there’s always a but.  The flesh is
weak and I had been away from home for almost a month.  Ouch.

“You’re telling me that you would agree to have sex while your helplessly
bound?” I asked incredulously.  “We hardly know each other, how can
you trust me like this.  Heck, it took my wife months, years to gain
that comfort level.”  “Mike,” she said shaking her head, “Your wife
is the reason I trust you.  You are still married and have three great
kids.  No, I don’t think your going to be out to hurt me”.  I
thought it out and could not refute her logic.

“O.K., Mike”, she said quietly, “Let’s figure out how we can satisfy
your... fantasy and my ... hmmm lust”.  Her emerald green eyes drilled
into me as she said, “If you could have me be and do anything your wanted
what would it be”.

“Jeez”, I breathed.  “I never thought it would come to this so
I had never planned it out this far.”  “Come on, give it a try”, she
egged me on as her hand made contact with my thigh and her sexily shod
foot began caressing my leg once more.  “All right”, I said, gaining
strength and confidence, “Like I said the first thing would be to get you
into some sexy lingerie.  I especially like corsets, garter belts
and stockings.”  She chuckled and inched her skirt up until she had
revealed the tops of her stockings (not panty hose) and a silk royal blue
garter strap.  “I was looking to ease my solace tonight over that
failed relationship”, she said by way of explanation.  “I finally
got up the nerve to put on this Victoria’s Secret outfit.”  Now, it
looked to me like she blushed at this admission.  “I can’t show you
here in the bar”, she continued, “but, I’m also wearing the matching bustier. 
Do you think that that will qualify as sexy?”

“Ahhhh, yes”, I stammered slightly.  “That would certainly fill
the bill.”  I was in deep water now, way over my head.  “What
else would I be wearing in this fantasy”, she asked huskily.  “High
heels”, I replied equally breathlessly, “I noticed yours earlier. 
The heel on them is...  is... fantastic!”  This time I was sure
that she did blush.  She looked down at the table breaking eye contact
for the first time in quite awhile.  “I’m on the short side so high
heels make me more average in height”, she said quietly.  “Also, I
like them because they give me a kind of confidence and they make me feel....
sexy”, she ended softly.  “They do that,” I agreed.  “I really
like high heels on a woman and if not high heels than slippers.  Like
ballet slippers or those Sam & Libby flats...” She abruptly had an
quick and loud intake of breath and looked back into my eyes.  “This
is getting really weird”, she said.  I didn’t understand what she
was talking about.  What was getting a weird... heck, this whole thing
was weird.  Kathy opened her shoulder bag, wide enough for me to look
inside.  Inside was a pair of black Sam & Libby flats!  “These
my favorite shoes”, she said unbelievingly.  “I must have almost a
dozen pairs in different colors.  I keep these with me for driving.” 
She laughed and her smile returned.  “I doubt that you ever tried
it”, she said with a chuckle, “but, driving in heels like these, is not
easy.”

“O.K.”, I said.  “I guess it’s good that we have some things in
common.  You dress just the way I would want my fantasy woman to and
you wear shoes that are... well exciting to me, but come on your not into
bondage.”  Her green eyes meet mine, but more importantly her hand
found my aroused manhood and gave it a squeeze.  “Let’s go back to
your room and find out whether I do or don’t like that part of your fantasy”,
she said huskily as she rose.  Taking my hand she led me to the elevator
doors.

As the door to my room closed and I locked it, I noticed her give a
little shiver down her body.  “Keep talking to me”, she said. 
“I’m a little nervous, no I’m a lot nervous and what sounded like a good
idea a minute ago is sort of scary now.” 
“Hey, look, you can leave any time you want,” I replied.  “And
I don’t think that there is anyway that you are more nervous than I am”. 
She laughed a little laugh, “Oh, what an adventurous couple we make. 
Talk to me.  Tell me what you want me to do or at least what you’re
thinking.”

“Honestly”, I began, “I am nervous and excited all at the same time. 
My mind is whirling around with all sort of ways to fulfill my fantasies,
but the one thing that keeps coming up is what am I going to use to tie
you up with?  I mean it’s not like I travel around with lengths of
rope or anything”, I finished in an exasperated voice.  “Fine”, she
said, “a problem I can think through and not have to worry about. 
Of course I would like to know how you want to tie me up, but to start
with how many pieces of cord or rope do you think we will need?” 
“Two at the minimum”, I answered, “but four or five would be better”. 
Looking over at the drapes she asked, “How long do they have to be?” 
I looked in that direction and walked over to the drapes.  This was
a classy hotel and the drapes were held back by satin braided cords looped
three times around each.  I undid one of the fasteners and stretched
out the gold cord.  “Minimally about three feet, but six or more feet
is best”, I said thoughtfully.  The cord was a least six feet long. 
Together we stripped the other three and closed the double set of drapes.

Kathy held two of the straps, feeling them and looking at them. 
She looked up at me and handed the gold satin ropes to me wordlessly. 
“Now”, I said, “I guess it’s up to me to flesh out this fantasy... pun
very much intended!”  She thought it over for a minute and then gave
a little laugh.

“All right here’s the way I would like the rest of the evening to go”;
I said softly looking right into her big green eyes.  Somewhere along
the line we had taken hold of each other’s hands and the cords were draped
over my shoulder.  “If you don’t buy into this, after I lay out my
plans”, I continued, “Please, feel free to leave.”  “Sorry”, she said. 
“I can’t run out just yet, let’s hear these plans of yours.”

“O.K. its late, so though I would like to go for more positions, I think
two is the max for the night”, I started.  “In one I would like to
tie you up on your knees, with your legs spread.  I’d want you wearing
just your sexy under garments and I’d like you to remove your high heels
and replace them with your flats.  When you are properly bound, I
intend to kiss and fondle you till your at the point of orgasm and then
just when you are on the edge have you give me the best blow job that you
ever given.”  I looked at her and asked, “Are you still with me or
should we call it quits now?”

“No”, Kathy said softly, huskily, “I’m still with you.  What’s
number two?”

“Ah”, I intoned, “that one’s more for both of us.  Your dressed
the same, with the exception that I’d like you to put your beautiful high
heels back on and remove your panties.”  She nodded her head in agreement. 
“Next I bind you so that your arms are suspended over you, probably to
that sprinkle system there in the middle of the room.  I spread your
legs apart to give me complete access to your open orifices.  Then
I’ll do what comes natural, drive you into a frenzy as many times as I
can without letting you cum, that is.  I think that I will also like
to try fitting into your rear end, I’ve never done that before and I guess
this would be the time to try it.  But, I figure on finishing off
in your love canal, finally giving you the satisfaction that, by that time,
I hope you are dying for!”  I finished smugly.  I figured I had
finally gotten into control.

She thought it over for a minute and said, “I think I can handle all
that, in fact I find myself strangely excited by your description. 
Before we start though is there anything else that your going to want to
do when I’m all tied up that you haven’t told me now?  I mean is their
anything you’re leaving out that you want in this fantasy.”  She saw
that I was unsure of what she was asking.  “Think of everything you
can put in to it, and tell me.  Heck, the worst I can do is say no.”

I thought it over, trying to think of anything that would heighten my
arousal that I had left out.  “Well”, I started.  “If I could
have anything, I guess I would add a gag to your outfit and I would like
to spank that gorgeous rear end of yours.  Not too hard, I don’t get
off on pain, just a sting.”  I thought some more.  “The only
other thing I could think to add would be nipple clips, but I don’t know
where we would find them around here.”

“Nipple clips”, she asked reverently.  “What are they and what
do they do?”

“They are things that you clip onto the tip of your nipples” I answered. 
“I’ve seen clothes pins used in magazines.  I never used them, but
supposedly when placed on the end of a woman’s nipples they hit the pleasure
/ pain center.”  She took off her earrings and showed them to me. 
They were of the clip-on type, shaped like an upside down half moon and
made of solid silver with five silver balls suspended by silver chains
below.  She handed one to me; it must have weighed almost three ounces. 
I tested the clip.  It was pretty strong; well it had to be to hold
these to her ears.  “Will my earring fit the bill”, she asked straight
forwardly, “as you put it before.”  I looked at her with renewed interest. 
She’s right this was getting weird.  I had never told anyone about
any of this, yet along comes this pretty young woman out of the blue who
seems to walk hand in hand with my deepest darkest desires.  Not to
mention the resourcefulness she uses to fulfill those desires.

“Kathy”, I started softly.  I knew I had to ask because my curiosity
was overriding the possibility of losing everything.  And to tell
the truth there was a part of me that still wanted this all to fall apart,
but it had lost to my lust awhile ago.  “Kathy”, I cleared my throat
and began again.  “I want this ‘affair’ to continue, but I have to
ask this question.  Are you sure you really want to go through with
this?”

She sat down on the end of the bed and patted a place next to her, where
she obviously wanted me to sit.  I sat.  “I don’t know what’s
going on with me”, she said softly.  She took my hands into hers. 
“All I know is that from the point you started talking about the types
of clothing you would like me to wear in your fantasies, that I began to
feel this really strong sexual connection with you.  I can’t remember
ever feeling like this before.  Even the bondage play, which if someone
had brought up to me yesterday I would have said was nuts, has made me
curious.”  She squeezed my hands and lifted her eyes from my chest
to look me into my eyes.  “The bottom line”, she continued, “is that
I couldn’t leave right now even if I wanted to.  There is something
in me that just have to see what’s behind that closed door.  Do you
know what I mean?”

I returned the squeeze to her hands.  “Yes, I do”, I replied. 
“That’s sound allot like me.  I’ve always told people that ‘I have
to see what’s over that next hill’.  We just sat that way for a few
minutes not wanting to break this moment of kindred spirits meeting.

2.

“O.K.”, I said.  “Let’s play.  This is the scene I am the
master and you are my willing slave.  You will address me as master
at all times.  If you forget and call me by my name or any other term
of endearment, you will be punished.  If at anytime during these scenes
things get too much for you and you want out, you must say ‘Mercy Master’. 
At that time I will stop completely and you can quit or tell me to be more
gentle or whatever.  If you say anything else like ‘Stop Master’ or
‘No more please Master’, I will figure that your just playing your part. 
‘Mercy’ is the key phrase.  Do you understand.”  Her eyes had
widened as I spoke so assuredly about these rules, but she shook her head
in the affirmative.  I smiled.  “You can relax, Kathy”, I said
with a soft laugh in my voice.  “I read these rules in a magazine
when I was a teenager and I’ve wanted to use them ever since.”

She sighed a little and said, “Thanks, for telling me, but its time
to get in character.  You play yours and I will play mine.  No
more assurances or making me feel comfortable.  You are the master,
your every whim is my desire.”  Kathy said all this in a straightforward
business like way.  She removed her hands from mine and slid off the
bed into a kneeling position at my feet.  “What is that you wish me
to do first master?”  She asked looking up into my eyes.

“First”, I said, “I need to train you how a slave knells at her masters
feet.  You’re not knelling to give a blowjob yet, woman.  You
are showing obeisance to your master.  You legs should be together,
with you rear end resting on your heels.”  She shifted position compliantly. 
Her lovely legs were now folded you under her.  Maintaining this position
with her high-heeled feet precariously supporting her butt as they were
would not be easy.  “Your hands should be resting on your knees and
your eyes should be down cast, looking at the floor, never directly at
your master.”  Her hands moved quickly from her sides to her knees,
her back straightened self-consciously and her eyes looked intently at
the carpet in front of her.

“Perfect”, I intoned.  “You may have the makings of a half way
decent slave in you after all”.  I went to my suitcase and pulled
out a small black box.  When she heard the click and saw the flash
of light, her head snapped up, her mouth wide ready to speak, as she realized
that I had taken her picture.  “No, No, No”, I said to the lady /
slave.  “Don’t say anything now.  I am the master and it is part
of my wish to take pictures of you as I put you through the paces.” 
She lowered her head, returning her eyes to the carpet.  Her cheeks
had flushed red.  “Yes, master”, she said tightly.  I moved around
her to get a silhouette shot, crouching to get the right angle.  Kathy
looked positively regal from here.  The toes of her black leather
high heels were scrunched against the beige carpet, pressed down by her
tight little butt.  Her black skirt and ridden up her legs to reveal
the tantalizing tops of her powder blue stockings and attendant garter
belts.  Her straight back made the pleasing curve of her ample breasts
even more prominent.  Light blond hair framed her pretty face. 
I realized that I could spend the rest of the evening sitting here, just
looking at that one beautiful picture.  I snapped the picture. 
I had to find out what was over the next hill.

“Stand up... slave”, I said with a hint of hesitation.  I would
have to work on that, I thought.  Kathy did so, straightening her
skirt and smoothing her blouse naturally.  Then she let her hands
fall to her sides and drop her eyes to the floor.  I snapped another
picture.  “Take off your skirt and blouse”, I ordered her.  She
began to kick off her high heels, obviously her normal way of getting undressed. 
“No slave”, I told her, “leave the heels on for now.  I will tell
you when to remove them.”  She paused.  Slid her stocking clad
foot back into the steeply arched heel and said softly, “Yes, master”. 
Standing before me, she first undid the buttons on the cuffs of her shirt,
then each of the buttons from the top down.  She pulled the tail of
the shirt out from under her skirt slowly and sensuously.  Removing
the silk blouse she dropped it onto the bed besides her.  The skirt
came off easily, dropping to her surround her feet until she kicked it
out of the way.  Kathy stood there shifting about from one foot to
another.  I saw her move to cover her scantily clad love mound with
her hands, then moved them away determinedly.  She was uncomfortable
standing there in the middle of the room, in her sexy undergarments, with
me just staring at her.  I let her go another minute, just walking
around her and looking her up and down.

“You have a lovely body, my dear” I began.  “Worthy of your chosen
role.  Yes, you will make a fine slave.”  She relaxed as I began
to speak and stopped snapping pictures.  When I mentioned the word
slave however I noticed her shiver like an electrical current had run up
her back.  She was beautiful.  The bustier was there as promised. 
Royal blue satin, which pushed up her breasts to show off an amazing amount
of cleavage and those beautiful white mounds.  It was the mid-drift
style that ended shortly below her chest, with a classy lace fringe. 
The garter belt was obviously part of the set, as it was the same color
and framed in lace.  The garters themselves were pulled upon tightly
by their respective stockings.  It was the royal blue lace panties
that were the big surprise.  They were the high cut type, that revealed
a lot of her thighs and her firm buttocks, but they were also crotchless! 
Blond hairs from between her legs, peaked out from the split in the fabric. 
Looking upon this vision of beauty all I could think to do was thank the
gods for sending her to me.

I reached into her carry bag and pulled out her flats.  As I did
so my fingers touched something soft and filmy.  I pulled that out
also.  “You have been holding out on me”, I said.  “This scarf
would make a perfect gag or blindfold.  I’ll just have to see what
I can make of this.”  I put it aside on the nearby bureau.  “You
may now remove your high heels and put on your flats.”  I dropped
her Sam & Libby’s to the floor by her feet.  “I want you to remain
standing, while you do so and until I tell you otherwise.  Do you
understand slave Katherine?”

“Yes”, she responded.  “I understand fully, master.”  She
stepped out of one extremely high heel first and slipped her stocking toe
into the appropriate flat.  Balancing herself, with one heel arched
five inches in the air and the other foot trying to find its way into her
flats was not easy, but she handled the task admirably.  Wiggling
and arching her foot she slid into the first shoe.  Steeping out of
the second black pump and sliding into the soft supple leather of her flat
was a breeze, compared to the first.

“Kneel here”, I pointed to a place on the carpeted floor between the
bed and the waist high bureau.  “This time spread your knees and kneel
upright.”  Kathy eased herself down into a kneeling position on the
floor, wordlessly.  I walked around behind her and took a chair from
the desk provided with the hotel room.  It was a standard four-legged
chair, with a straight back.  I placed the chair over her spread legs,
with the seat of the chair touching her back.  “Spread your legs further,
so that you knees touch each of the front legs and your ankles touch each
of the back legs”, I ordered her.  The lovely lady spread her knees
in compliance and attempted to touch the back legs with her ankles, but
her legs were just too short.  She did her best though, ending up
with each foot touching a rear leg.  Using one of the golden cords,
I bound first one knee to a front leg than the second.  I had wrapped
the gold cord twice around the leg of the chair and just above her knee,
then looped the loose ends in between the chair leg and her leg and tie
it off.  This tightened her bounds into a figure eight shape. 
The gold satin bit into her soft pale blue stocking clad legs.  Little
by little the lady was definitely losing her freedom.  Next I wrapped
the gold braids around her powder blue sheathed ankle, binding it tightly
to a left rear leg.  I did the same for her right leg.  Finally
I bound her wrists to opposite posts that supported the chairs back, which
pulled her arms tightly behind her back.  This beautiful young lady
wasn’t going anywhere.

[this
story continues in Chapter Two](on_the_road_again2.html)_

_18/04/02_

_story continues in [**On the Road Again**](on_the_road_again2.html)

o0o
