---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Maria in Chains
authors:
- Leviticus
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- chain
- mum
- cons
- X
---

Hi Gromet

I thought I'd drop you a line and tell
you about a little session my girlfriend Maria and I had recently.

From time to time, Maria will help
me out with research for my stories by volunteering to test certain bondage
situations.  She doesn't test every one (Wow!  That would be
great!)  but she will help me out when I need her input as to what
a certain bondage feels like. I couldn't tell you the number of times that
a bondage situation I had created for my characters had been changed or
simply eliminated due to this research.

Anyway, I needed her help and she gladly
gave me one of her days off to help out. In the story, this was supposed
to be an all day bondage, so I got Maria to agree to try it for as long
as she could, with hopes that she would do a full 24 hours. This bondage
would involve nothing but chains and cable ties, done up in a way that
hoped would be unique.  I was hoping to mummify her somewhat using
just chain.  I had bought a 100' of 1" steel chain for this, and I
hoped to use it all.

We started out with her naked. 
Anyone who has read my stuff will see that I have a fondness for nude bondage,
and Maria, bless her, usually indulges me. I began with her standing. 
I wrapped one end of the chain around her neck, and used a cable tie to
lock it there.  Then I started draping the chain over her shoulders
and around her upper torso.  I would frequently stop to use another
cable tie to hold the links where I wanted them, shaping the chain around
her body and crossing it between her breasts.  After a while I had
many turns of the chain covering her entire upper body except for her head,
breasts and lower arms.  The chain was snug but not tight, and the
cable ties helped to keep it in place so that she couldn't shake any slack
out of it.

By this time she had begun telling
me how heavy it was, and I believed her. But I still had a lot of chain
to go. I continued wrapping her, adding cable ties as I went, this time
leaving her lower arms free. I wound around her stomach and Maria would
shiver a little as the cold metal was pushed against her. I worked down
over her hips and down her thighs, keeping the chain snug and making sure
that I had enough cable ties added that the chain didn't sag anywhere. 
At this point I was using four ties for each turn around her body, and
I felt a little like those guys that used to make chain mail (now that
has interesting bondage possibilities).

I continued in this manor until reaching
her ankles where I stopped. I had used over half the chain, but there was
still plenty left, so I got my trusty bolt cutter and cut the chain at
her ankles.
Maria thought I was done, when I asked
her to see how much movement she had.  She took a few very short steps
and waved her forearms, but that was about it.  She told me that it
was pretty heavy.

She was very surprised when I used
the chain to bind her hands together in front of her.  The other end
I managed to squeeze through the chain I had already wrapped her with,
by cutting a couple of the ties.  The place I chose to do this was
right over her groin, and I had a little fun pulling the chain between
her legs, one cold link at a time.

Once through I replaced the cut cable
ties and began wrapping her again, binding her lower arms to her front.
I kept this up, wrapping up and down her body, adding more cable ties as
I went, until all the chain was used up. By now Maria was having a hard
time standing.  It had taken us an hour to get this far.  She
told be that all this chain was very heavy. It was.  A hundred feet
of this stuff weighs about 75 pounds.  I won't tell you how much she
weighs, for I want to keep on seeing her, but the chain made a big difference
in how much she weighed. I have to tell you, she looked great.  All
dark and shiny at the same time.

All that was visible was her head,
breasts, hands and feet. I had her shuffle her way to the couch and helped
her sit down.  She wasn't able to bend very well, so I used a bunch
of pillows to give her some support. We spent several hours with her alternately
on her feet or lying down. I wanted her to move as much as possible,
but the weight of the chain discouraged her.

When it came time for bed, I carried
her upstairs (never again!) and helped her with her bedtime routine (Don't
ask about the bathroom, lets just say that I'm glad I had some towels to
wipe up with). She didn't sleep well. She told me that she would dose on
and off but the links she were lying on would dig into her body until she
couldn't stand it and she would have to move.
Eventually she woke me up, and asked
me to take the chain off.  She had had enough.

After making sure that she was really
done, I did as she asked, snipping away at the cable ties until the chain
lay in a big pile on the floor. There were plenty of places on her skin
where the links had pinched together and caused raw spots. Her back, buttocks
and calves had dozens of little bruises, especially where her bones were
close to the skin. Maria was otherwise okay though, and wasn't resentful
about having been put through it all.  She was just glad I hadn't
made her go through the whole 24 hours.

Whether or not I include this in the
next "Valley" story or not I'm not sure. But I'm glad I tried it out before
just writing it.  At the very least I got to see Maria mummified in
something different.
Have you heard of anything like this
before?

Leviticus
