---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'She Lost the Bet 6: Vegas!'
authors:
- Jon Deets
tags:
- MF+/f
- club
- stage
- dance
- bond
- rope
- gag
- shave
- susp
- bdsm
- whip
- stocks
- voy
- sex
- oral
- group
- cons
- XX
---

(story continues from [**She Lost the Bet 5: No Bet This Time!**](shelostthebet5.html))

A Sequel to "[Part 5](shelostthebet5.html) "

**Part 6: Vegas!**

"Let's go to Vegas!" my wife exclaimed.

"You lose so many bets" I said, "why would I take you to Vegas"?

"Because we will have a great time" she replied, "plus, I feel lucky"!

"Okay, Okay" I said, "on one condition: 'whoever loses the first bet we make with each other, has to be a slave for an evening."

"No way" she answered, "somehow I always lose".

"No deal, no Vegas" I said firmly.

"Okay, agreed" she quickly replied.

Well the plane touched down in Vegas about 3:00 o'clock and we were off to the taxi lines. We checked into The Venitian and quickly made our ways to the tables. Our luck ebbed and flowed, but the drinks only flowed and by midnight we were a bit drunk. That's when I saw my opening. "Honey", I said, "I bet you I can get picked up by a reasonably attractive woman within 10 minutes."

"You are still cute" she replied, "but no way...its a bet."

My wife is a bit of a Vegas novice, and she thought I was letting my normal male ego get in the way of common sense. What she doesn't know is that in Vegas after midnight, all a guy has to do is leave the tables and go sit in one of the casino bars where you actually pay for drinks. Sure enough, exactly 4 minutes after I had sat down, a pretty 25 year old woman pro who looked like a school teacher sat down and asked me if I wanted to "party" tonight.

"No thanks" I replied with a grin, "but here is a $50 bill if you give me a quick kiss and take off."

She about took my lips off with her kiss, and reached down and quickly squeezed my crotch as she went looking for another customer.

"You lose" I smirked, when my wife walked up.

The next day was rather uneventful, some gambling, a show and a nice dinner. My wife really thought that she might get off easy on her day in slavery, but did look a bit apprehensive when I had her dress in a pair of hot red g-string panties, a short skirt, high heels, a frilly sheer bra and a fairly sheer blouse. The taxi took us to one of the, shall we say, lesser known gentlemen's clubs in Vegas. We were quickly seated in one of the private side rooms and given cocktails, and looked around and noticed about 4 guys around the stage in our room. The music started and a reasonably good-looking older woman with large breasts and a decent body came out and began slowly girating to the music.

"She seems a bit nervous for a dancer" my wife whispered to me.

"Well", I replied, "sometimes the amateur dancers are nervous".

"Oh" she said, "I didn't realize it was amateur night".

The woman on stage took off her top and really began showing off her tits, and soon of the men in the room said "take off your panties!"

Without a word, the woman complied and showed her engorged pussy-lips off as she made the rounds around the stage. The guys were quite aggressive and felt up her tits, her mound, and even demanded a kiss or two. Again my wife leaned over and whispered to me "is this normal?"

"No dear," I replied, "its not."

About that time a large man in a suit tapped me on the shoulder and said "its time."

"Come on" I said to my wife, "follow me."

She quickly complained "right when this was getting good!' but followed me into another private room on the other side of the building.

We went to the backstage of this room and it was then I said "guess what?"

"What", she said, with slight trepidation.

"Guess who is the entertainment for this room" I said with a smile.

She quickly glanced around as it dawned on her that, yes, she was the entertainer for this room.

"There is really only one rule tonight" I stated "you do as you're told Ms. Slave".

With that I exited the backstage area and took my seat in the room along with 3 other guys and a lovely tall blond woman. The music began and a voice loudly announced "Next up on the Kinky Stage, its Ms. Slave!"

My wife came slowly out onto the stage looking slightly dazed, and I noticed the immediate laughter around the room until the blond woman finally said "Off with the skirt and blouse, honey!"

My wife quickly removed her blouse and then slithered a bit more slowly our of her skirt. Now despite the fact that she knows I like a completely shaved pussy, she had let the hair accumulate and it showed all around her tight g-string. It was then that she discovered that this room with the "kinky stage" was not like the other rooms. One of the guys immediately said "its personal grooming time" and grabbed my wife's hand and helped her off of the stage. Within a minute she was fitted with leather bondage ankle and wrist cuffs and was tied to a large wooden "iron cross".

"Hold still" the blond woman said, and the red g-string was pulled down to expose my wife's pubes. With that, a warm wash rag, shaving cream, and razors appeared and in about 4 minutes my wife's pussy was shaven as clean as freshly fallen snow. The g-string was pulled back up, she was untied, and two of the guys helped her back up on stage and said "now dance pretty for us, Ms. Slave".

She rallied a bit after this turn of events, and she alternated between dancing a sultry and provacative dance and a more up-tempo ass-shaking number. She even managed to smile as she removed her bra and exposed her medium-sized, pert breasts. It wasn't long into the next song when one of the guys said "take off your panties" and she immediately glanced at me for guidance.

"Remember the one rule tonight" I shouted above the music, "you do as you are told!"

She quickly complied and pulled off the red g-string, exposing her freshly shaven pussy and clit to the room. Unseen by my wife, I stepped out of the room and made my way around the entire club in about 10 minutes.

When I returned, and after one more dance, one of the guys said "step off the stage and over here, Ms. Slave" and when she did he jumped on a chair and grabbed a heavy chain that was hanging from the ceiling. With a Master padlock he quickly locked her wrist cuffs to the chain and it was pulled upwards by unseen hands until my wife was on her tip-toes suspended from the ceiling. Her high heels were removed and her ankle cuffs were attached to a spreader bar, and she spun slowly as her feet just barely touched the floor.
With that, the 3 guys and the woman crowded around my wife and slowly felt every inch of her body. They lingered on her titties and inserted several fingers into her pussy, and I noticed she was dripping pretty good.

The tall blond wriggled out of her "public" clothes and I noticed that she was clearly a Dominatrix. "Stand back, boys" she said, and began using a flogger to warm up my wife's body. She started with the back and worked her way around to spend extra time and attention on Ms. Slave's nipples and pussy lips. After about 5 minutes of that, one of the guys said "my turn" and got up on a chair and unlocked my wife's wrists from the ceiling chain. A real, heavy wooden set of Puritan "stocks" had appeared in the room and my wife's head and arms were inserted into the stocks as the top half was closed and locked.

With that, one guy approached her from the back where her pretty ass and quim were exposed, inserted his dick into her cunt, and began pounding away. Not to be outdone, another gentleman went around to the front and put his penis into my wife's mouth, grabbed her by the back of the hair, and also began pounding away. Ms. Slave's body was moving back and forth like a small ship in a hurricane, and both men came at the same time. The guy in front pulled out and squited cum all over my wife's face and, because her hands were bound she could not wipe it off.

The large man in the suit stuck his head in the room and said "15 minutes" and it dawned on me that everythng was on a tight schedule. The one man who had not yet gotten any action immediately called for some more bondage gear and soon some heavy chain appeared along with an air-mattress looking thing. Ms. Slave was undone from the spreader bar and her legs were spread wide and attached with the chains to eyebolts on the wall. Her butt was on the mattress slightly elevating her hips, and her wrists were bound to the other wall.

The last man began fucking her with his good-sized dick, and the blond woman straddled my wife's face and said "make me cum, slave."

My wife licked and sucked on the blond's clit all the while she was getting absolutely pounded by the last guy. When the two participants each came with loud cries, there was only a few minutes of time left in our room. However, the two other guys had rallied and were furiously masturbating. They again both came at about the same time and shot their wads all over my wife's face and titties.

The door again opened and the guy in the suit said "time, gentlemen" as I led Ms. Slave to the backstage.

"Thank God that's over" my wife said to me.

"Maybe", I said, as I led her through another door and out to the main stage in front of about 100 men and women. "It depends on the vote!"

She glanced around the stage through her cum-filled eyelashes and saw 4 other naked women on stage. One woman was fairly old and had been in the first room we were in, two had only average bodies, and one was pretty attractive with nice breasts and a neatly shaved pussy below six-pack abs. The announcer then pronounced "for our grand finale, please vote for the winner of tonight's amateur night contest. The winner gets $1,000, but also gets to be the club's "living street art" for the rest of the night and will be tied to the dancer's pole in the middle of the room for everyone's use!"

The older woman stepped forward and got lukewarm cheers. The women with average bodies each took a turn and again the cheers were modest. The pretty woman with the 6-pack abs, nice tits and neatly shaven pussy stepped to the front and got a large roar of approval. With that, I saw my wife's shoulders relax just a bit as relief flowed into her brain and she tought that she would not be the living-art project.

She stepped a few paces forward with welts on her body and cum on her face, and at that time the entire place literally erupted with an enormous cheer. It sounded like a crowd at a hot craps table when the point is made after an hour roll!

As the club's bouncers dragged my wife over to the dancer's pole and locked her wrists behind it, I whispered into her ear "its amazing what a $10 per person bribe and a tall-tale that if they vote for you they will be fulfilling your lifelong fantasy will get a crowd to do!"

"I am headed for the blackjack table, and will come collect you in the morning" I said as I headed for the door.

15.04.12

story continues in [**She Lost the Bet 7: Budapest**](shelostthebet7.html)

o0o
