---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ultimate & Last Fantasy?
authors:
- SuziC
tags:
- Solo-F
- naked
- rope
- crotchrope
- clamps
- bfold
- noose
- hogtie
- breathplay
- climax
- cons
- fantasy
- short
- XX
date: 2014-09-08 00:00:00
---

WARNING
Do **NOT** try this at home, the story is presented here as a **fantasy only**,
to attempt this in real life may result in injury or death.

A short piece.

I would be laying on one of the expensive Turkish carpets naked.

Firstly I would tie my ankles together tightly, cinching them. I then tie a rope tight round my waist giving myself a crotch rope as well.

To this is attached a pre-tied rope for my wrists that will tighten and not let go. I don't secure my wrists yet.

Then maybe I would use some pinching clamps on my nipples.

When I get my breath back I would slip a noose around my neck. It has a long end and a clip on it.

I lie on my stomach and reach behind me clipping the noose to my ankles.

I can keep from strangling by holding my legs up high with my feet near my bottom.

Finally after slipping on a blindfold I take a deep breath I would push my hands through the coils for my wrists. I pull on them tightening the rope which will not release me.

Writhing to try and reach the clip I have several orgasms from the crotch rope.

I cannot reach the clip to get the noose from my neck and slowly I get tired.

My legs ache and cramp and I can no longer hold them up.

I begin to strangle by my own device.

The only way out is for you to stop watching me quietly from the comfy sofa and release me as I slip into unconsciousness.
