---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Stable Trap
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- M/f
- stables
- jodhpurs
- boots
- tack
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- toys
- insert
- outdoors
- ride
- tease
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2015-08-28 00:00:00
---

Tania had been riding my horses for years, along with me, but that’s another story! Today I had been planning a little surprise to stir up her kinky side.

We’d already bought her all the kit she could use, and my god was she an amazing clothes horse, curves in all the right places, and yet still with a flat stomach and a weight you could comfortably throw around for hours at a time. I’d spent weeks working on the additions to the kit that would appeal to her bondage in public appetite for being in bondage and with the possibility of discovery.

Tania arrived dead on time. She hurried into the tack room to get changed. I had laid out her outfit for the day which included burgundy Jodhpurs the front and seat of which were made from the softest lambskin in the same deep burgundy colour, these had been remodelled with a small invisible zip in the crotch. I knew from experience that Tania hated the possibility of panty lines so would have removed her underwear in order to wear these. These were followed by some fringed chaps in the same deep burgundy, again made from the same soft lambskin. Her boots were the black leather knee high type, these ones had a zip that ran up the inside with a strap and buckle that went over the zip to prevent it from coming down. Her top was a tight black t-shirt.

I had modified the saddle and stirrups ready for what I hoped would be quite a day for her. We were booked to ride out for the whole afternoon, and little did she know that once we started she would be stuck the whole time.

She mounted the horse in the usual way, and rode over to me to check the tack with her on. I reached up the stirrup leathers and grabbed the modified leg cuff that was now joined to the stirrup leathers. I clicked it home around her foot, locking her left foot to the leather. To the outside world this just looked like a conventional spur and was mostly covered by the soft leather of her chaps anyway. I then repeated this on the other side, her feet were now locked to the leathers so there was no way for her to dismount from the horse.

"Rise", I told her, she was looking at me in a slightly bemused way, but knew better than to question these things as they normally worked out good for her anyway. She knew me well, as I knew her, but she also knew that sooner or later she would be able to get me back. She stood on the stirrups her butt about 4 or 5 inches above the saddle. I reached up and to her surprise unzipped the crotch on her jodhpurs, she had obviously not noticed that when she put them on. I took out from my bag a fairly large vibrator with a special attachment that would lock into the centre of the saddle. I played with the clit as I did this to get her wet. "Down", I commanded, which she did sliding the vibrator home. Once sat down, as planned the minimal opening in her jodhpurs combined with the chaps meant nothing was visible.

Now and I must stress this Tania is an accomplished rider which is why I decided to take the final step. Standing on the steps next to her I grabbed her right hand and placed it firmly into the awaiting chain link handcuffs that I had in my hand, shortly to be followed by her left hand behind her back. I then took a large padlock and padlocked the centre link of the handcuffs to the welded ring that I had fastened to the rear of the saddle. The result of this is that she would now be at the mercy of the horses movements. She would have a very hard time being able to slip the vibrator out during our session. Lastly I mounted the horse sat just behind her and spent some time kissing her neck and massaging her breasts through her top, to my surprise she had also removed her bra.

She returned by grouping my bits that were just about in reach of her chained hands. I dismounted and grabbed the lead rein to take her around the arena for a few tests laps. After 10 minutes or so of gentle walking she was already panting. I mounted my horse and in ponying fashion led her out through the town out to our other fields where we could do some cantering. I knew from experience that the horse she was on would follow my horse without question and now we were safely away from the roads I could release the lead harness and allow it to do its own thing. We spent 15 minutes gentle walking before starting to trot for another 5 minutes, this took us into the edge of the forested area. Tania was wild eyed and judging from the sounds that were coming from her on the way, she had already started to have a more than a few orgasms on the way.

Time to step it up a little bit I thought to myself. This spot was pretty secluded so I decided to go the whole way. Dismounting I walked across to Tania and got her to lean down. I fitted her with an over the head ball gag harness padlocking it into place. "Now", I said to her, "I want to give you a little demonstration. Just sit there and do nothing". I walked about 30 paces away. What she did not know was that the vibrator had a proximity remote control, so that if she was more than 30 feet away it would set the vibrator going, it would vibrate more the further away I got, at 30 feet it was on the lowest setting, but the look on her face was priceless when it started.

I slowly walked back to my horse knowing full well what was ahead. I jumped on and without warning clicked away at a good fast canter I just heard her complaining into her gag. But she kicked the horse into action and was just about on the edge of the vibrator starting, I kicked up again and took off at full gallop. She must now have been about half vibrator speed and galloping behind. I pulled on the reins telling the horse to bear left onto the cross country hack. This involved slowing down to a fast canter then over the first of about 12 jumps across the hedges, breaking into a full gallop in between. Over the first and I could see Tania behind looking fairly pale but doing a great job, she knew the course well and I knew she could not fall off.

I continued just about as fast as I could until I reached the end where I stopped and waited for Tania to catch up. I watched her over the last two jumps, her horse galloping like crazy trying to get to us. As it drew closer, it slowed to a fast canter then a trot and then finally coming to a full stop right next to me. Tanya was glaring at me, panting as much as the horse and shaking so much I thought she would pass out. She tried to tell me to get her out. This was the point that I reminded her about our little bet.

About 3 months ago she was taunting me that she had higher limits than me when it came to bondage. She even went as far as to say that she would be happier with no safe words. A point of which I now reminded her. "So Ta", I said, "you are now stuck, all the keys are laying on the table in the tack room. So I can’t remove your gag, your handcuffs or anything". I smiled broadly as she clearly had another orgasm on the spot realising that she was now stuck in her predicament.

"Now", I continued, "you have a choice, you can either follow me back the way we came, some more that others", I added winking at her, "or you can try and ride back by yourself through the town".

At this point in the field we were about 5 miles from the stables which could be reached through the secluded woodland which involved fast gallops and jumps as we had just done, or by a busy road through the town centre. I knew she really had no choice, and I could not really have let her ride like that on the main roads. I allowed her to have a little water through her gag, before mounting up and again screaming off at top speed, this allowed me to get enough distance between us so that her vibrator would instantly kick up to maximum, along with the galloping and jumping and then the canters in-between, and this time we would not be slowing until we got back to the road.

I stopped at the entrance to the road. Tania pulled up a few minutes later. She had tears streaming down her face and the saddle and her jodhpurs were so wet that it looked like she had been though a rain storm. She was sobbing through her gag. We rode back as quickly as we could down the road, luckily there were no cars as she was quite the sight for sore eyes.

At the stables I left her in the car park and ran into the tack room, clicking the vibrator into max speed from the controller as I went. I grabbed the keys and hurried back to her, she was in the midst of yet another orgasm squirming on the horse sobbing from the pain. I waited until she stopped squirming and the wave had passed then shut off the vibrator. I unlocked the handcuffs, and leg cuffs allowing her to dismount. I knew I would have to catch her as her legs were like jelly. I carried her back to the tack room and laid her in a soft pile of hay. I left her there to recover, leaving the keys to the head harness gag and the padlocks on her boots on the table while I quickly removed the tack from the horses and put them back in the stables for the night.

I returned to the tack room to find Tania fast asleep on the hay, snoring loudly. I quietly removed the head harness and eased the gag out. She looked so peaceful, I loved this girl so much. I knew she had enjoyed the days activities, so decided that I would feed her fantasy just a little more. Picking up the keys to her boots from the table I put them into my pocket. Then gently taking her hands I raised them up and slowly, as quietly as I could fastened the handcuffs around her left wrist then around the beam and then fastened the right cuff. I tightened them up and double locked them. Putting the keys in my pocket. I slowly left closing and padlocking the tack room door as I went.

I thought I would give her a few hours rest before waking her up……..
