---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Billy 8
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M2f
- F2m
- transform
- MM/ff
- bar
- tease
- fondle
- hotel
- oral
- sex
- first
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Billy 7**](billy7.html))

Part 8

“Mind if we join you?”

Billie glanced up toward the voice, then shot a quick look over to Jackie. To her relief, Jackie just smiled and said, “Sure.”

Smoothly, Jackie slid to the back of the booth, and Billie quickly joined her. The two guys settled in, one on either side of them.

“Ok,” Billie said, “you both look familiar. What are your names?”

“I’m Jim,” said the guy sitting next to her. “And that’s Ron.”

“Jim? Ron? Oh!” Suddenly, Billie placed them both. “Jamie and Veronica.” As a guy, he’d flirted with both of them.

“Yep,” Ron replied, smiling. “And you’re Billie and Jackie, two of the most sought-after girls here.”

Jackie blushed vividly, and Billie felt her own face warming. Glancing around, she mentally compared herself with the other girls in the club. Jackie’s next words disrupted her thoughts.

“What do you mean, two?” she asked. “I mean, yeah, Billie’s hot as hell, but I’m sure not. Why would I be sought after by anyone?”

“Are you kidding?” Ron sounded incredulous. “Don’t get me wrong, Billie is hot. But you? Slim, tight, everything just the perfect size and shape. You’re exactly the girl I used to wish I could be.”

“You?” Jackie sounded stunned. As a girl, Veronica had definitely been on the well-endowed side. “You had such big, beautiful tits.”

“Too big,” Ron replied. “And my ass, too. I always did think petite girls were prettier.”

Flustered by the compliment, Jackie only smiled. The four began talking, pointing out people they knew to each other, saying who they were, and who they used to be. Soon, the two guys asked them to dance, and Jackie surprised Billie by agreeing almost immediately.

After that, the evening passed pleasantly until, suddenly, Jackie stiffened and thrust her hand beneath the table. For a long moment, she sat rigid, then visibly forced herself to relax. Without looking, Billie knew that Ron’s hand had found its way onto her thigh.

Concerned, Billie watched her friend. It had been nearly a month since Jackie had admitted to Billie her feelings when it came to guys. Since then, she’d seemed to be coping, but this could be the moment of truth.

“Watch where you put your hand, guy,” she said softly. “I’m not wearing any panties.” Billie saw Ron start to move, then freeze as Jackie’s arm visibly tensed. A moment later, she returned her hand to the table.

“Are you ok?” Billie asked. Jackie turned toward her and smiled.

“Oh, I’m fine,” she said, then, to Billie’s surprise, closed her eyes and moaned softly. Billie suddenly realized that, while Jackie’s hand rested on the table once more, Ron’s was nowhere to be seen.

Now she felt Jim’s hand on her thigh. Billie smiled to herself. Maybe wearing this outfit was a lucky thing, she thought. It was, after all, the one sexy piece of clothing her mom had allowed her to buy, that first shopping trip, a slinky dress so short that, even wearing panties, she could get arrested for bending over in public. Even resting on her thigh below the hem, Jim’s fingers were so close to the crotch of her panties, Billie swore she could feel the heat from them. Reaching down, she gently nudged those fingers a bit higher.

For a moment, Billie sat still, moaning softly, then gently nudged Jim’s hand away. “Bathroom time,” she said. “Come on, Jackie.” Smiling, Jim slid out of the booth to allow the two to exit. Jackie seemed reluctant, but finally slid out and followed Billie to the lady’s room. Once inside, Jackie confronted her friend.

“What did you do that for?” she demanded. “I don’t need to use the bathroom.”

“I’m sorry, honey,” Billie replied. “I just wanted to make sure you’re ready for this.”

“Ready?” Jackie blurted. Grabbing Billie’s hand she guided it under her skirt. “Do you feel that? If I get any wetter, I’m going to float away! How much more ready can I be?”

“I’m sorry,” Billie said again. Jackie looked at her a moment, then smiled and hugged her.

“I know,” she said. “You’re just looking out for me, like always. I am ready, I promise.” She showed Billie a lopsided smile. “But I will admit, I am nervous as hell. Other than you, I’ve never been with anyone else.”

“Never?” Billie was stunned. “What about all those girls you used to brag about, back when we were guys?”

Jackie ducked her head sheepishly. “Well, if you remember, I never mentioned any names.”

Thinking back, Billie realized this was true. “So?” she asked.

“That’s because there were none. I just didn’t want you to know I was still a virgin. And after you started telling me about your times, I had to sound like I had just as much experience as you.”

Billie laughed, causing Jackie’s eyes to widen. “Honey,” she said, “you and I have to be the most dishonest virgins ever”. For a moment, Jackie just stared, then she laughed too, reaching out to link her arm through Billie’s.

“Well then,” she said, “shall we go see if we can do something about that?” Laughing together, the two left the room.

“Sorry about that,” Billie said as they slipped back into the booth. Jim smiled.

“No sorry needed,” he said. “After all, we were girls too, once.” Laughing the four settled down for some serious under-the-table action.

After several minutes of heavy petting, Jim said, “Why don’t we go find someplace a little more private?” Billie glanced at Jackie, who nodded.

“Okay,” she said, “but on one condition.” Jim’s eyebrow rose, but he said nothing. “We stay together,” Billie told him.

“Together?” he asked, glancing over at Ron. Billie nodded.

“It’s something we agreed on,” she explained. “Our first time with guys, we do together.” She smiled. “So its either all four of us in a bed together, or its no deal.”

For a moment, Jim simply looked at her, then he startled her by laughing. Puzzled, Billie glanced at Jackie, noting out of the corner of her eye that Ron was also chuckling.

“What’s so funny?” she demanded.

“Oh, nothing,” Jim replied, still smiling. “It’s just that we made that same agreement about our first time with girls.” Laughing together, the four slid from the booth and moved toward the door.

“That bed is huge!”

“It better be,” Ron said. “We’ve both been pooling our allowances for a month to pay for this room. We’ve just been hoping you two would be the ones we wound up sharing it with.”

Billie and Jackie smiled at each other, then each turned to her own partner for some heavy cuddling. Both dresses soon hit the floor, leaving Jackie naked, while Billie still wore bra and panties.

“Ooh,” Billie murmured, impressed, when Jim opened her bra with one expert flick of his fingers. Even now, with months of practice, she couldn’t open one that fast. Her panties soon followed. Now it was the guys’ turn, as the two girls quickly relieved them of their clothing.

Glancing at each other, the two girls smiled, then both sank to their knees, each taking her partner’s cock into her mouth. For a moment, two heads bobbed, drawing groans from the two guys. Then Billie rose, followed quickly by Jackie.

“Your turn,” Billie said, then turned and led Jackie to the bed. The two girls lay down side by side, just far enough apart that both could spread her legs without entangling them with those of her friend. Jim glanced at Ron, then both guys climbed onto the bed.

“You two have this planned, right?” Jim asked. In response, Billie grinned.

“Nope,” she replied. “We just know each other that well.”

Instead of answering, Jim lowered his head, nuzzling at her breast, his lips quickly finding one hard nipple. Glancing over, Billie saw that Ron’s mouth was similarly occupied. Closing her eyes, she reveled in the sensation. After paying attention to both breasts, Jim’s mouth began working its way down her body. Reaching his goal, Jim settled in and began licking her pussy.

Soon, Billie was moaning softly. Jackie was good with her tongue, but she was nothing compared to this. Of course, Jim had been born a girl, so he knew exactly what to do to draw out every last bit of pleasure. Jackie’s echoing moans told her that her friend was receiving the same expert attention from Ron.

For long moments, only the sound of the two girls moaning broke the silence. Then, moving almost as one, Jim and Ron rose from the bed. Two equally frustrated moans broke off as the girls watched them both pick up their pants, reach into a pocket, and withdraw a rubber. Silence fell as they each broke open the package and began unrolling the protection over their cock. Protected now, the two climbed back onto the bed, each positioning himself over the girl of his choice.

Slowly, two male bodies lowered themselves. Slowly, two cocks brushed, then gently penetrated the pussies waiting below. Slowly, two bodies began gently thrusting, while two female voices moaned their encouragement.

Billie had never felt so filled in her life. Eagerly, she began answering Jim’s thrusts with her own, her hips rising to meet his on each stroke. Suddenly, she felt a hand grasp hers. Startled, she glanced over.

Jackie, she saw, had thrown her legs around Ron’s waist, using them to draw him deeper inside her. Holding Billie’s hand tight, Jackie threw back her head and thrust herself up at the cock pushing into her. Smiling, she closed her eyes and gave herself over to the sensations coursing through her.

Slowly, she sensed Jim increasing the pace of his thrusts, her own hips eagerly matching his pace. Faster, then faster still, his cock pistoned into her until, suddenly, with one final lunge, he drove deep, his cock pulsing.

He’s cumming, Billie thought. A guy is cumming inside me. The thought drove her into her own orgasm, her body spasming as her pussy clenched, as if trying to milk every last drop from the cock buried deep inside her. She cried out her pleasure, her cries quickly echoed from beside her as Jackie found her own release.

Slowly, the two guys slumped, until each rested his head on the shoulder of the girl beneath him. Glancing over, Billie saw Jackie watching her. Her legs still wrapped around Ron’s waist, she held him tightly to her, her eyes never leaving Billie’s. Then, silently, her lips moved.

“Thank you,” she whispered soundlessly. “I love you.”

“I love you too,” she mouthed back just as silently. Then, still holding Jackie’s hand, her other arm wrapped around Jim, she closed her eyes and savored the shared afterglow of her, and Jackie’s, first time.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=433.0)

23.11.12

story continues in [**Billy 9**](billy9.html)

o0o
