---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/special/halloween22/do_you_mind.html
subcategory: TG/CD Stories
title: Do You Mind
authors:
- Scribe of Domina
tags:
- F/fm
- bond
- rope
- chairtie
- halloween
- gag
- voy
- tease
- denial
- naked
- cons
- X
date: 2022-10-29 00:00:00
---

What the fuck am I doing? Trick-or-Treating? I’m eighteen for fuck’s sake. A sexy college girl on her way to some party in a slutty little Tinkerbell costume passes me on the street. Oh yeah, that’s why. Smiling dumbly, I knock on the next door. Not closed all the way it swings open. My pillowcase hits the floor. My jaw nearly follows.

Two of the sexiest women I’ve ever seen are framed perfectly in the doorway. A busty blond in only white lacy lingerie is kneeling on the couch, praying, I think. On her back are fluffy angel wings. Kneeling on the floor before her is the sexiest Latina I have ever seen. Her ass is massive and barely covered by the red thong she’s wearing. The attached demon tail does little to cover her. She’s clutching a toy pitchfork in one hand and has a little devil horns headband on. She must feel the breeze, ‘cause she turns and looks at me.

“Do you mind?” she snaps. “My slave and I are in the middle of foreplay.”

Slave? She looks down at my now forgotten pillowcase.

“Candy? No. No candy for you. You’re too old.”

Her eyes take me in, inch by inch. They stop and linger on my now fully alert dick.

“You’re getting something else.”

She grabs me and yanks me inside. The door is slammed shut and locked. I stand there shell shocked as she drags a kitchen chair into the room and up against said door. She shoves me into it.

“Hey!” I finally manage to shout.

“Shut up,” she demands.

Producing ropes from somewhere nearby she wraps them quickly but efficiently around my body. In only seconds I’m securely bound and helpless. Trapped. She’s not done. A ball gag is pulled out next and forced into my mouth. I humph at my captress.

“There. Now, if you like to watch so much you might as well get a front row seat to the show.”

She turns back to the woman on the couch.

“Ready, Angel Baby?”

“Yes, Mistress Jayln.”

Now that I can see Angel Baby better I can also see her panties are crotchless. My eyes nearly bug out of my head. Jayln leans back down and slides her tongue inside her… slave’s pussy. Jayln’s ass blocks my view again. I don’t mind. It’s glorious to look at. The sounds of her feast continue to drive me crazy for the hours that follow.

I had never seen lesbians having sex in person before this. Technically, I still haven’t seen all of it. From my helpless position I can see good chunks of the action but not all. I struggle to break free. Not to escape. I want to watch. I thrust hopelessly. Oh, if only I could join in.

The two eventually end up sitting together on the couch, panting heavily, watching me.

“Don’t you just love him?” Jayln asks.

“He’s so fucking cute,” Angel Baby agrees. “Much better than the others.”

“Hmm?”

“Did you think you were the only one we put this little show on for tonight?” Jayln asked.

I just shrug.

“You’re the sixth. I mean we were right where you had no choice but to see us.”

“Oh,” I try to say.

“We get our rocks off making other people watch us,” Angel Baby added.

“You were a good audience,” Jayln said, “but now it’s time to reset for the next show.”

Eyes wide I shake my head desperately.

“No? Don’t you want to get on with your night?”

I shake my head even harder, if that’s even possible. Frowning, Jayln walks over and takes my gag out.

“Why not?”

“I want to keep watching. I don’t want to stop.”

The two look at each other. Angel Baby just shrugs.

“I don’t mind. He’s cute.”

I blush at her praise.”

“Fine,” Jayln concedes, “let me get you out of that chair at least.”

“No! Please don’t.”

“What is with you, Boy?”

“I don’t know,” I admit, “I’ve never felt like this before. I want to get closer. I want to feel you. I want to join you. The ropes stop me. They make it harder for me to get it. They make me want it more. I love that. I need to feel that. That…”

“Longing,” Jayln finishes for me.

“That’s it!”

“That is called a kink,” she explains gently, “you are turned on by what we call tease and denial.”

“Is that bad?”

“No! Not at all.”

She hugs me tight! I gasp in shock. Jumping off the couch, Angel Baby runs over and joins in.

“Hell,” she says, “it’s a perfect match for our exhibitionist kink.”

“Really?”

They drag the chair close to the couch and climb back on. They go back to making out. This time they lay their feet in my lap. I moan at the sight and weight. As they get more into it, their feet run free over my body rubbing and squeezing with their toes. Soon we are all lost in the sensations.

Before any of us knew it, the sun was up. We just sit there. Panting. After a moment they get up and untie me. I’m led to the bathroom then to the kitchen table for some breakfast. After they lead me into their bedroom.

“Bedtime,” Angel Baby explains, taking off her costume.

All of her clothes come off. So do Jayln’s. They turn to me.

“What?” I ask.

“Your clothes are soaked with sweat,” Angel Baby explains.

“Oh. What…?”

“Off. Now.” Jayln orders.

I quickly obey. They take my hands and lead me into the bed. I sleep between them. There was a little space between us when I fell asleep. When I wake they are pressed up against me. The sun is high in the sky. We must have slept half the day away.

It's back to the table for a light lunch. As I eat they whisper in a corner, looking over at me every few seconds. I start to rise from my seat. Jayln shoves me back into my seat. Before I can say anything the naked women have tied my naked body to it once more. Jayln straddles me, ass on my dick. I gasp. Angel Baby fondles me from behind.

“You can’t leave,” Angel Baby tells me.

“I…can’t?”

“No,” Jayln says as she bounces. “We have so much to teach you about tease and denial. It’s a long lesson. So, get comfy.”

I nod dumbly.

“God, he’s so cute,” Angel Baby squeals.

Jayln nods. “And he’s all ours.”
