---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Rubber Bondage Slave 5
authors:
- rbp818
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- latex
- bond
- chast
- fem
- breathplay
- susp
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2007-08-20 00:00:00
---

**Part Five**

**Chapter 11 - The prisoner’s punishment finally ends and he learns more about his future as a prisoner.**

There was a ‘click’ and the earphones went silent. I felt Her removing the vibrator, and then I was rotated round until I was inclined facing upwards at a slight angle. I presumed this was the position I was to be left in for the night, which was in fact quite relaxing in spite of my Bondage.

With my sight cut-off and my hearing removed I had no distractions and I must have slept. I awoke sometime with a need to have a pee. I remembered I had been sheathed for this purpose, and with some difficulty I managed to relieve myself. With nothing to disturb me I soon dropped off to sleep again and the first indication that I had reached the end of my Punishment was the frame being rotated into an upright position. Then I felt the Ropes being slowly released and my legs were allowed to drop to the floor. The remainder of the Ropes and straps were removed and the bars of the frame were pulled out. Then the eye lens were opened and I was able to see again. Mistress was stood in front of me wearing only Rubber underwear. A well-filled Shiny Black Rubber Bra, which reached down to the waistband of a pair of long leg Shiny Black Rubber Directiores. Knee high Rubber Boots completed Her dress and I wondered if this was another clever temptation to keep me aroused.

“Don’t get any ideas prisoner, I quite often go about like this. Working in full Rubber dress can make one get quite hot, and usually a blindfold stops my visitors getting too aroused. I have the advantage that I can strip off when ever I want to, but you will not be so fortunate. Whatever I decide you will be dressed in will not be removable until I release you from it. However I am fully aware that an uncomfortable slave does not work as well as one that is comfortable. So when you are working your Rubber Dress will always be suitable for the duties you have to perform. But at all other times your comfort will be of a minor consideration.”

While She was talking to me She had deflated the Gag and had removed the ‘extra bits’ and the Rubber Punishment Hood and released the shoulder straps and the arm Bondage. She pulled the upper part of the Rubber Wader Enclosure down over my body and released all the straps on the Rubber Strait Jacket, until I could feel I would be able to get myself out of the Rubber Clothing without any further assistance.

“You can remove your Rubber clothing yourself now prisoner. Then shower and dress in the Rubber Smock and come downstairs and have some lunch.”

“Afterwards I shall explain some of your domestic duties and the procedure for leaving and arriving while you are still employed outside. We will have a trial fitting of your new control device that you will wear to remind you that you now belong to me, your Rubber Mistress. You will become fully aware of the problems it will create when I fit it on you later on. Lunch will be ready in 20 minutes so don’t keep me waiting prisoner. I get irritated very easily at the most minor of things, therefore I award demerits for anything that irritates me, and the more it irritates me the more demerits I award. Lateness is very irritating to me so don’t say you haven’t been warned. As time goes by you will gradually discover what makes me irritated, and I expect, well to be truthful, I hope it will be a painful period of discovery for you. I have put in a temporary door code for you. It is 1, 2, 3, and 4. Which is very easy to remember, but that will alter later on when the lock mechanism will select random numbers which will change as often as I feel you need to be kept alert.”

She turned away and picking up a long Black Rubber Cape from the bench She flung it over Her shoulders and swished out of the room.

I wasted no time in getting out of the Rubber Clothing and quickly made my way to the shower. I didn’t linger too long under the soothing spray, but I was gradually recovering from the long period of severe Rubber Bondage Mistress had kept me in. Once out of the shower I dried myself, used the toilet and then slipped on the Rubber Smock. The zip made the now familiar ‘click’ when it reached my neck and I knew I was once more enclosed in Rubber until Mistress decided to release me.

I had no clue as to the passage of time but I keyed in the code for the door and made my way downstairs hoping I had not exceeded the 20 minutes Mistress had indicated was the time I had to get ready for lunch. As I rustled my way through into the kitchen Mistress was just putting the plates on the table and I breathed a silent sigh of relief.

“Just in time 818,” She said, “Another minute and you would have found yourself back on the Bondage Frame for another long period of untold misery. Sit down and I’ll secure your straps. That will be your first job when I have your routine organised. You can attach some self locking Straps and Manacles to the chair so I don’t have to go through this time consuming ritual of strapping you into it. That way you can secure yourself and I will only have to unlock the Straps and Manacles to release you so you can get on with your duties.”

I sat down and waited while Mistress secured me into the chair with the Straps around my chest and waist, around my ankles securing them to the chair legs and then around my thighs securing them to the arm supports. I had to admit it was time consuming but I could feel the arousal rising as I found myself in Rubber Bondage once again. There was no relaxing of Her attention to security, all the strap buckles were positioned so I couldn’t reach any of them, and none of them had the slightest amount of slack left in them. No doubt when I had to modify the chair the self-locking buckles would all be readily accessible for Mistress to be able to release them, and as they would be locked it wouldn’t matter if I could get at them.

Satisfied I was secure in the chair Mistress sat down at the table and we ate our meal in silence. I was surprised at the amount of food on my plate but guessed it was to make up for my missing breakfast. Mistress cleared the table and then slipped a pair of Bondage Mittens over my hands and strapped them tight around my wrists.

“Hands behind your back 818, I don’t want you fiddling with yourself while I’m talking to you, and a bit of discomfort will help you to concentrate on what I need to say to you.”

I pushed my hands behind the chair and Mistress slipped a cord through the ‘D’ rings on the tips of the Bondage Mittens and pulling the cord tight She anchored it behind the chair. A strap was slipped between my arms just above my elbows and She buckled it tight behind the chair drawing my elbows together. My hands and my arms were now stretched tight behind me forcing my shoulders back against the chair. I was indeed in some discomfort, but it only served to heighten my arousal, and with my hands secured behind me only made me more frustrated. Mistress placed Her hand on my crotch and felt for my erect cock. She withdrew Her hand and made a short exclamation before sitting down at the table.

“It would seem 818 we are advancing at a faster rate than I imagined. You obviously really do enjoy Rubber Bondage. However that is not the ideal situation for a Rubber Bondage prisoner. It can cause far too many distractions when you have work to do for me. So your excitement will have to be curbed and from the look of things it will at least for the immediate future be on a permanent footing. When we have finished our little chat I shall fit on you your control device which is perhaps better known as a Chastity Belt which will quite definitely keep your excitement in check, and will give me endless pleasure as I get you all excited and then watch you suffer as the control device causes you endless frustration.”

“The Chastity Belt will allow you to perform your normal toilet functions, but will prevent any erections. Perhaps I will amend that slightly. You will still be able to get an erection but it will to say the least be extremely painful. You will only do it a couple of times and I’m quite sure that will be enough. You will quickly learn how to control yourself and in so doing will avoid large numbers of demerits going in the book for taking pleasure without permission. I will release it in the morning to allow you to go to work without it on, but each evening when you come in you will put it on before you do anything else. I will make out a fairly simple list of duties for you to carry out each evening when you get in, it will be in your room and you will complete those duties before the evening meal which will be at 7-30 p.m. After the meal there will be a period of training for you to undergo and during this rather irritating fortnight when you have to go out to work Punishments will be expunged with nighttime Rubber Bondage. When you are under my control full time I will start your demerit system and we will then be able to have a proper Punishment Session each weekend. Now then do you have any questions to ask me?”

“Yes Mistress, although it is not so much a question as a statement. You seem to be assuming that I am your Rubber Bondage prisoner, but I have not yet told you if that is want I really want to be. Everything is so very new, strange and of course exciting. But I am trying to visualise my future with you, and I am not sure if I want a life of constant punishment and suffering. I do realise that a prisoner does not have an easy life and you will find if I do decide to stay here that I am a hard worker and will always do my very best to please you at all times. But all your rules and your ability to punish me for no real reason is something I am finding very hard to come to terms with.”

“Well 818 I do like a Rubber Bondage prisoner who comes straight out with his worries. Let me put your mind at rest. I am neither an ogre nor a vindictive sadist, but I would be your Rubber Mistress and there has to be a mutual respect between us. I would indeed expect nothing less from you than your best possible efforts to please me at all times and that you would carry out your duties without question or discussion. I do however reserve the right to punish you for poor work, for disobedience and for disrespect. I’m sure you can understand the need for me to discipline you from time to time, but punishment would only be applied when it was required. That is what life as a Rubber Bondage prisoner is all about. If you please me then I will give you some pleasure. If on the other hand you displease me then I will make you suffer so that you don’t make me displeased again. Does that make things any clearer 818.”

“Yes thank you Mistress, I am beginning to grasp the new way of life I may be about to follow. Another matter that I have been thinking about is the financial side of our future together. As I won’t be working then I obviously won’t have any income so am I to become a ‘kept’ man so to speak.”

“To put things in their correct manner you will be a ‘kept prisoner’. I realise you are not fully aware of my ‘business’ with the visitors who call on me. The income from that alone is more than enough to support a Rubber Mistress and her Rubber Bondage prisoner. You will of course be working for your keep in a manner of speaking, not only in domestic duties but also in assisting me with my visitors. I will explain all that later once you are here on a permanent basis. I also run a legitimate business selling ladies underwear that provides a very useful source of income. This will be something else you will become involved with. It is very time consuming for me answering enquiries, packing up orders, taking them to the Post Office and all the multitude of paper work it entails. It is time I would prefer to spend with my visitors who bring in a much higher income. So you need have no worries about being a burden on my finances. If I couldn’t afford you I wouldn’t have considered going to all the trouble of getting you into your present situation. I think I’ve answered your questions’ very fully so before you ask any further questions I think we’ll get that Chastity Belt fitted on you so you can get used to the control it will bring to your arousal problem.”

Mistress released the Straps securing me to the chair.

“Stand up 818 and I’ll open the zip in your Rubber Smock. You don’t need to take it off just let it drop to the floor, because you might as well keep it on for the rest of our time together today. I shall find something more suitable for tonight, and as you will need to be up early tomorrow it will be an early night for you.”

She released the locking zip and opened the runner. I slipped the Rubber Smock over my shoulders and let it slither down over my body to the floor. Meanwhile Mistress had gone through into the lounge and soon returned with a small cardboard box, which She placed, on the table.

She opened the box and studied the contents. She lifted out what looked like a Waist Belt about 2” wide, which looked like an enlarged version of an expanding watch strap. It was lined on the inside with Black Rubber.

“This is the Waist Belt for your Chastity Device which should fit you exactly. It is made from Titanium so there is no possible way you can either break it or cut it, at least not with any tools I might have in the house. It is self-locking, but I do have a key to release it should the need arise. That will be when I might need to use you for my own satisfaction.” and She gave a little giggle.

**Chapter 12 - In which the Rubber Bondage prisoner finds out what control really means.**

“Something for you to look forward to 818 and anticipate, but I shouldn’t do it too often because your Chastity Device will give you a painful reminder to control yourself. Now then turn round and I’ll fit the Waist Belt on you.”

I turned round and She slipped the Belt around my waist and stretching it slightly I heard a ‘click’ and felt it spring in to fit closely around me.

From the box She picked out a length of shiny metal tubing. There were several metal rings attached to one end of the tube and also some lengths of the same material as the Waist Belt but narrower. The Rubber Lining of the Waist Belt struck cold against my skin but quickly warmed up.

Mistress squirted some lubricant from a tube inside the metal tube and slid it over my cock, which was not erect. A Rubber sealing ring was fitted into the end of the metal tube but I couldn’t see the reason for it. Attached to the end of the metal tube which rested against the top of my cock and ball root was a thick, heavy circular shaped piece of metal, hinged to open outwards in two halves. Mistress closed this ring around my cock and ball root leaving my balls exposed and lifted up. A narrow metal band, Rubber Lined, was attached to the lower edge at each side of the circular shaped piece of metal. Mistress passed these bands between my legs and brought them underneath the crease in my bum cheeks and two more ‘clicks’ told me they were locked to the back of the Waist Belt. I could see I could use the toilet to excrete without the need for the crotch bands to be released. A short band fitted to the upper edge of the cock tube was stretched up and attached to the front of the Waist Belt, also ‘clicking’ into place. From the box She picked out a padlock which had a shrouded hasp and slipped it through holes concealed in the edges of the metal ring encircling my cock and ball root and ‘clicked’ it shut. I was now literally locked into the Chastity Belt. Without the key there was no way I could undo the padlock to release it, and even if I had a metal saw the padlock hasp was completely hidden and inaccessible. I had struggled to control myself while She was handling my cock and somehow held off getting an erection.

“There isn’t that a clever device 818. I see you are taking notice of my warning about getting an erection, well in a moment I will give you a little demonstration of the effectiveness of this Chastity Belt and you will then know what to expect if you persist in getting too excited. It keeps your cock nicely held up against your stomach and is quite unobtrusive when worn underneath your Rubber Clothing. When you need to have a wee you press the little button at the front of the Waist Belt where the strap from the top of the tube is fitted and the tube will drop down and let you wee in a normal way. Slip the Rubber Gown back on and I will do up the zip, then sit down in your chair again.”

I pulled up the Rubber Gown, slipped my arms into the sleeves and drew it back over my shoulders. Mistress quickly closed the zip and I sat down in my chair. She Strapped me into the chair as before and also Strapped my arms and hands to the arms of the chair. Already the Rubber Gown lying against my shaven skin and the Bondage were creating those feelings of arousal and I tried to control my feelings but without a great deal of success. I could feel my cock swelling inside the tube but strangely it did not appear to be painful. Then She swung the chair round so I was facing out into the room. From the pocket of Her Rubber Dress She took out a large cock shaped vibrator and moved towards me.

“It’s demonstration time 818.”

I was now trying desperately to control myself but the Rubber Gown and the Bondage securing me into the chair was creating a terrible conflict. I could feel my cock slowly erecting inside the metal tube. I could feel it sliding along inside the tube, but my foreskin was not moving with it. There seemed to be a ridge inside the tube that had trapped my foreskin. Mistress stepped towards me and switched on the vibrator and pushed it against my balls through the Rubber of the Gown. I lost control and felt my cock forcing itself down the tube. The pain was horrendous as my cock tried to tear itself away from my foreskin and I could feel my exposed and highly sensitive glans pushing out through the end of the tube. She removed the vibrator and stood back and watched me writhing in agony against the Straps securing me into the chair.

“Very effective isn’t it 818,” She said with a tinge of elation in Her voice. “Oh yes, did I mention about the afterwards when your erection eventually subsides. That’s the best bit of all when your very sensitive glans tries to go back through the end of the tube. The tube is much too small for it to slide back in easily, and because it is tight it will keep your erection going for much longer. Also your bunched up fore-skin probably won’t go back over your glans.”

“It will remain like that until I decide to remove the tube, which fortunately for you will be tomorrow morning before you go to work. Also I can tell if you have not been controlling yourself. So you have a whole week to get used to it and the pain it creates, and, you will be hoping against hope that in the week you will have learnt how to control yourself. But don’t worry I shall from time to time carry out one of my tests to see how well you are learning to come to terms with this wonderful device.”

My god I thought She really is cruel as the pain slowly subsided and I felt my cock painfully easing it’s way back inside the tube. I just hadn’t realised how small the tube was, but I knew now and I knew I would have to very quickly learn how to control myself before She carried out one of Her tests if I wanted to avoid pain like that again. But I had a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach that I would experience that pain quite a few times before I had mastered the art of self-control.

“I think I’ll take you up to your room 818 where you can spend a quiet hour or so studying my rules. However you can dress fully in your Rubber Working Clothes and Chain Set to get used to wearing them and perhaps I’ll think of some additions while we are walking upstairs.”

She released the Straps securing me to the chair and buckled a Collar around my neck and clipped a lead to it.

“Hands behind your back 818.” and Mistress snapped a pair of Handcuffs around my wrists. She still wasn’t taking any chances with me even though I had made no attempts to get away.

As soon as the door closed behind us in my room Mistress released the Handcuffs and unzipped the Rubber Gown. I took it off and hung it up beside the shower.

“You can have a look in the mirror 818 and see how snugly your Chastity Belt fits you. It produces just a small bulge when worn underneath street clothing, but I have decided not to make you wear it to work, if only on the grounds of safety.”

She turned away and unlocked the set of cupboards and drawers, and picked out several items of Rubber Clothing and placed them on the bench.

“You won’t be able to wear the Rubber Corselette so I have found something else to keep your Rubber Stockings up. This Rubber Body Corset will be very suitable as it is cut away around the crotch at the front, and it will keep your Rubber Stockings up without the need for suspenders. But first you will need a padded Rubber Bra to make you into my Rubber Maid.”

She handed me the two Rubber Items and a pair of full length Rubber Stockings. If I had thought I was going to be spared the tight fitting Rubber Corselette but when I saw the Rubber Body Corset my hopes were dashed. It was much more restricting than the Rubber Corselette. It was shaped like a Tee Shirt with short sleeves and short legs. Some fifteen Straps and Buckles were fitted across the front zip. Not only was the Rubber Corset re-inforced for its full length at the front and back, even the short sleeves and legs were stiffened to no doubt make arm and leg movement difficult.

“Put the Rubber Bra on first and then the Rubber Stockings. Then you step into the legs of the Rubber Body Corset and slip your arms through the sleeves and slide it over your shoulders. I’ll do up the zip and fasten the Straps and Buckles.”

As soon as I stepped through the legs of the Rubber Body Corset I knew this was the ‘something extra’ Mistress had thought of for me to wear. The legs gripped my thighs like a vice and I could see why there was no need for suspenders. The Rubber Stocking tops were trapped underneath the tight fitting legs of the Rubber Body Corset and were not going to let the Rubber Stockings slide down my legs.

As soon as I slid my arms into the short sleeves and worked the Rubber Body Corset over my shoulders I knew there was going to be a problem. The Rubber Body Corset was far too small and I could see there was no way the front edges would come together to let Mistress close the zip. However I should have known better as Mistress grabbed the edges of the Rubber Body Corset and pulled them together. Then one by one She fitted the fifteen Straps through the Buckles and carefully and slowly tightened them one by one until the two edges came together. She threaded a cord up behind the Straps, attached the zip runner to the cord and then pulling on the cord closed the zip from the top to the bottom of the Rubber Body Corset. I had a job to breathe as the Rubber Body Corset crushed my ribs and stomach, and I had no idea how I would be able to move about, let alone sit down to study Her book of rules.

“There isn’t that nice and snug 818, and you have a very nice pair of tits pushing out to make you look like a very feminine Rubber Maid. A pair of double thickness, knee length Rubber Knickers, a pair of webbed full length Rubber Gloves and a nice pair of tight fitting, High Heeled Rubber Boots will make a good start for your transformation. Then I’ll have to find you a suitable Rubber Face Mask to go with all the Black Rubber you’ll be wearing. Then your Rubber Maids Dress and a Shiny Black Rubber Mackintosh not quite so pleasant as the one you wore this afternoon, topped of with a Shiny Black Rubber Sou’Wester. I think I have a very heavy Chain Set somewhere and it can all be concealed under a full length Rubber Bondage Cape. Then you can have some practice getting used to the High Heeled Rubber Boots by walking round the Garden until it’s time for bed. Well you obviously can’t sit down with that Rubber Body Corset on can you and I don’t want you standing around doing nothing all evening.”

The Rubber Gloves were moulded from very thick Rubber and the fingers and thumbs were all linked together with a web between them. The top of the Rubber Gloves reached as far as the short sleeves on the Rubber Body Corset and She wound several layers of wide adhesive tape over the join to keep the Rubber Gloves firmly stretched up over my arms. Mistress had to help me put the Rubber Knickers on. There was an inner lining of thin Rubber and an outer covering of two layers of heavy Black Rubber. Mistress buckled the wide fitted waist belt tight around my waist, and each leg which came just below my knee also had a fitted Strap which was buckled up tight stretching the Rubber Knickers tight over my thighs and knees. The thin inner Rubber Lining was now rubbing against my exposed balls and I could feel the arousal rising into my steel encased cock. I fought to regain control and slowly I felt the urges subsiding.

From one of the drawers Mistress picked out a Rubber Mask. She slipped it over my face and head and closed the rear zip. There was no mouth opening, but fitted inside was a wide oval lump of Rubber, which slipped inside my mouth, filling it and pressing down on my tongue. There were two small nostril holes and fitted into the eyes were tinted plastic lens, which allowed me to see but hid my eyes. She fitted a Shiny Black Rubber Sou’Wester on my head and fastened it in place with a Strap and Buckle under my chin.

“Nearly dressed 818, just the Chain Set, the Shiny Black Rubber Mackintosh and then the Rubber Cape. You’ll have plenty of time for nice walk in the garden. I have a special walking machine to ensure you get the most from your walk. It ensures my Rubber Bondage prisoner doesn’t take things easy and keeps you on the move all the time. You will quickly get used to your High Heeled Rubber Boots or fall over in the attempt.”

**Chapter 13 - In which the Rubber Bondage prisoners training begins.**

From the cupboard Mistress lifted out a Shiny Black Rubber Mackintosh. She stepped behind me and slid the sleeves over my arms and heaved it over my shoulders. I couldn’t see how it was constructed, but the weight told me it was several layers of heavyweight Rubber. It reached down to my ankles and fitted inside were two rows of Straps, which Mistress buckled around each leg. The front, which was double breasted, closed with a set of buttons on the inside and Straps and Buckles on the outside. It felt as if I was now encased inside a semi-rigid Rubber tube. Mistress turned up the high, stiff Collar and flicking the rear drip flap of the Rubber Sou’Wester out over the Collar She buckled up the double storm flap across the front of the Collar. She went to the drawers again and lifted out a set of Chains and attached Manacles. She dropped over my shoulders a Leather Harness which was like a shoulder cowl with ‘D’ rings around the edge at the front and the back. She secured the Manacles around my ankles over the Rubber Boots. A short Hobble Chain linked the Manacles together, and a long Chain went from each Ankle Manacle up to the ‘D’ rings fitted around the Leather shoulder harness at the front and the back. A length of Chain went around my legs level with my wrists and was fastened to the ankle to shoulder Chains and my Wrist Manacles. I was unable to lift my hands up and I could just swivel them from side to side by a small amount.

“There I don’t think you’ll manage to escape from that lot 818. There is just the Rubber Bondage Cape, which probably would have been sufficient on its own to prevent you trying to escape. But I’m quite sure you are enjoying every second of this Real Rubber Bondage arrangement. I expect you are struggling to keep yourself under control, well that is just what I had intended. You can put out of your mind any thoughts about your new life with me being a pleasure cruise. There will be times when pleasure will be allowed, but most of the time you will be under my very strict control. I think that when you have the Rubber Bondage Cape fitted on it won’t be possible for you to get downstairs without tripping and I don’t want an injured Rubber Bondage prisoner on my hands. So you can have your walk in the exercise room.”

Mistress went across to the door and opened it and was gone for some time. There was a hiss from the door and She came back in carrying a Rubber Garment, which I guessed was the Rubber Bondage Cape. She stepped behind me and placed The Rubber Cape over my shoulders. It felt like a ton weight as it settled around me, and although I could see it was lined with Rubber hospital sheet and the outside was Shiny Black Rubber, I had no idea how many layers were sandwiched between the two visible layers of Rubber. To say it was stiff was not correct; it was like a solid Rubber Tube. Down each side of the Rubber Cape from the shoulder to the waist was a double row of about five narrow slots with the Buckle end of a Strap hanging outside the Rubber Cape. Mistress came and stood in front of me and pushing the Rubber Cape open passed the ends of the Straps around my arms and threaded them out through the slots and attached them loosely to the Buckles. There was no Collar on the Rubber Cape, just a close fitting, round neck. Mistress pulled the edges of the Rubber Cape together and engaged an open ended zip and drew it down to my feet. She now tightened the Straps that were around my arms, trapping them to the sides of the Rubber Cape so that what little movement I had was now removed.

During this long period of being dressed and secured into this amazing arrangement of Rubber Bondage I had been kept on a constant high of arousal. With the Chastity Belt securely in place I had been forced to concentrate very hard to control myself to avoid the excruciating pain it had caused when Mistress had given me Her demonstration.

As the layers of restricting Rubber and the severity of the Bondage increased so I found it harder and harder to prevent the arousal taking over and giving me an erection. I was beginning to think that Mistress was doing all this to deliberately get me aroused, and to get an erection and suffer some more pain. I could feel my cock swelling inside the steel tube and I tried desperately to control myself. I didn’t want to experience that terrible pain again. I nearly lost my concentration as I realised Mistress was talking to me again.

“How does my Rubber Bondage prisoner feel now? Having a hard time to control himself I’m sure. Well once you start on your walk things will improve I’m sure, well, not for you 818, Oh dear me no. This is the first of endless training sessions you will have, they won’t all be like this, some will be more severe than this, and others will be training for different purposes. But always you will be trained to perfection to serve me, your Rubber Mistress as my devoted Rubber Bondage slave. Whilst I’m sure you are from your present situation fully aware that you are my Rubber Bondage prisoner with no possible hope of escape, I only regard you as my Rubber Bondage slave to carry out my every command and to do my every wish without question. When that state of affairs is attained you will get the pleasure your body desires, but for the time being it has to be kept under strict control or your training will not be effective. Right enough talking it’s time for walking.” Mistress slipped a Chain around my neck and clipped it into a loop and gave a sharp tug. “Follow me and don’t dawdle!”

For a few moments I didn’t think I would be able to follow Her. I had of course been stood still while Mistress encased me in all this Rubber and Bondage, and apart from turning around when told I had not taken any steps. Now I was fully aware of the tremendous weight of the Rubber Clothing I was enclosed in, and how restricting it was. The extreme heavy weight of the Chain Set added to my immobility. But the major problem facing me was the High Heeled Rubber Boots. I had never tried to walk in high heels, in fact I couldn’t remember if I had ever put a pair on. I could barely lift my foot off the floor and the ankle hobble Chain prevented me from taking a full step, the high heels of the Rubber Boots tended to tilt me forwards and the weight and stiffness of the Rubber Bondage Cape prevented me from moving to keep some sort of balance.

Mistress seemed to be quite oblivious of my difficulties and gave the neck Chain another tug. I shuffled and teetered after Her out of the room and along to the next door along the landing. I had to concentrate very hard to walk in all this restricting Rubber Clothing and Bondage and I was suddenly aware of my cock erecting inside the Chastity Belt tube. There was nothing I could do to stop it and the pain engulfed me as my glans erupted through the end of the tube. Fortunately we had entered the room and Mistress had stopped tugging on the neck Chain. While I was no longer having to concentrate on walking I was able to concentrate on getting my erection under control and slowly I felt the erection subsiding. I was by now bathed in sweat from my efforts of walking encased in these multiple layers of restricting Rubber Bondage and the effort of controlling the pain from the Chastity Belt.

“Step forward 818 up onto the platform and stand against the rail.”

I looked down as best as I could against the restriction of the Strapped Collar and I was horrified to see I was to stand on a rolling road exercise machine. I now knew what Mistress had meant by a walk. I stepped forward and stood against the rail. Mistress slipped a heavy Chain around my waist and secured the ends to the rail, and She did the same with each ankle to a rail along each side of the exercise machine.

“I think we’ll start off gently 818 for your first walk. I expect you can manage six miles in the two hours that is left for your walk.”

I tried to protest to my cruel Rubber Mistress that I wouldn’t be able to manage six hundred yards in all this Rubber and Bondage, let alone six miles. I wanted to tell Her I had never walked in High Heeled Rubber Boots before but all that came out was a muffled mumble. The Gag in my mouth was ensuring that I couldn’t protest no matter what my problems were.

“I hope I didn’t hear my Rubber Bondage prisoner making some sort of protest. Because if I thought for one moment you were objecting to what your Mistress was doing to you then I would make it sixteen miles in four hours. Now that would be something to really protest about. I’m quite sure that all this lovely Rubber Bondage is what you have always dreamt about, and now you are enclosed and encased in it with no possible hope of escape you must be quite ecstatic. I know it is making you very aroused and the Chastity Belt is helping you to learn the first principle of being a perfect Rubber Bondage slave. Total control at all times. This little walk will help to press that lesson home and this is all part of your training to make you into the Rubber Bondage prisoner you have always wanted to be. I’ll start you off nice and gently and then I shall come back from time to time to increase the rate until you have managed to walk the six miles.”

Mistress slipped a thick, heavy Rubber Sack over my head and shoulders and buckled it in place with a strap around my chest.

“You don’t need to see where you are going as there is nowhere to go. There are some air holes in the Rubber Sack but the restricted breathing and the smell of the Rubber will help to keep your arousal going and it will make it difficult for you concentrate on keeping control. Right then off we go 818 and don’t fall over or get out of step.”

I felt the floor move under my feet and I stepped forward only to find I had to make the next step a lot quicker as I felt my other foot moving backwards. I stumbled for a bit and had to rely on the Chain around my waist to keep me on my feet. Eventually I got the rhythm right and in spite of the High Heeled Rubber Boots and all the heavy Rubber and Bondage I managed to walk. I could feel the heat building up underneath all the Heavy Rubber and before long I could feel the sweat running in little rivulets down inside my Rubber Clothing. The Rubber Sack over my head didn’t help matters as it kept my head and face hot and added to the sweat now building up in puddles at the ends of the fingers inside the Rubber Gloves.

With the Rubber becoming wet it was able to slide over my body much easier and the slipping and sliding of the Rubber, especially around my balls, added to my mounting arousal. I tried desperately to control the rising erection, but it was to no avail as I felt my cock forcing itself out through the end of the tube it was imprisoned inside. As soon as my uncovered glans emerged it was massaged by the wet interior of the Rubber Knickers and I could do nothing about it. With my hands secured into the Manacles and Chains and my arms Strapped to the sides of the Rubber Bondage Cape I could do nothing to lift the Rubber away and stop the arousal. Having to concentrate on walking I was unable to concentrate on keeping my cock under control and I could feel the orgasm rising down in my balls.

“Time to finish off your little walk 818.” It was Mistress and I felt the platform under my feet move at a faster speed. I increased my step rate and this had the effect of moving the Rubber of my Knickers away from my exposed cock and balls. The arousal slowly subsided and I was able to regain control of myself. I was by now in a bath of sweat. I could feel it squelching inside the Rubber Boots and it seemed to be filling every crevice in my Rubber Clothing. I was amazed how well I was managing to cope the high heels of the Rubber Boots and I was surprised I hadn’t fallen over. Suddenly the floor slowed down and finally came to a stop, and I stood and waited for Mistress to speak.

“There that was nice outing for you 818. It has taken you nearly three hours to walk just over six miles. As time goes on we shall improve on that I’m sure. Now it’s back to your room and you can get yourself cleaned up and ready for bed.”

**Chapter 14 - In which the Rubber Bondage prisoner finds his training is to be done by night as well as by day.**

Mistress released the Chain around my waist and also the Chains attached to my ankles and I was able to step backwards off the exercise machine onto the floor. I followed Mistress back to my own room with the sweat sloshing and squelching inside my Rubber Boots and Rubber Clothing. I waited while Mistress unstrapped and removed the Rubber Bondage Cape then She unlocked the Manacles and let the heavy Chain Set drop to the floor. She removed the Shiny Black Rubber Mackintosh, removed the adhesive tape securing the Rubber Gloves and removed the Shiny Black Rubber Sou’Wester and the wig.

“Stand in the shower and remove the rest of your Rubber Clothing yourself. I don’t want it dripping all over the floor. Then sort it out and put it on hangers you will find in the cupboard and leave them to dry on the Bondage Frame. Have a shower, the Chastity Belt is waterproof so it doesn’t need to be removed, and then put on the Rubber Smock and the self locking Chain Set, then come downstairs and we’ll have a hot drink before I put you to bed.”

The door ‘hissed’ open and then closed as Mistress left with a loud rustle of Rubber. I stood in the shower and with a lot of struggling with the wet Rubber managed to undress myself. I tipped about a mug of sweat out of each Rubber Boot and about half that amount from the Rubber Stockings. I found the hangers and quickly had all the wet Rubber Clothes hanging on the Bondage Frame. I had a very refreshing shower and once I was dry I slipped on the Rubber Smock and then fitted on the wrist and ankle Manacles, the Waist Belt and finally the Collar, which were all linked together with Chains. At least the Chains were not as heavy as the ones I had worn during my ‘walk’. I checked the Rubber Clothes hanging up and turned all the items inside out, as they were dry on the outside. I operated the door with my code and made my way downstairs and clinked and rustled my way through into the kitchen.

Mistress was sat at the table writing in a note pad. She looked up as I walked in and pointed to the kitchen units. “You can fill the kettle and switch it on. Then get some mugs out of the dishwasher, tea bags are in the end cupboard and milk is in the fridge. When the kettle boils make the tea, I should have finished my notes by then. Oh yes, one other thing don’t let your chains drag across the kitchen units.”

I made way to the kitchen units and went to fill the kettle from the tap. Immediately I was faced with a dilemma. I could see that the Chains attached to my Wrist Manacles would drag across the edge of the stainless steel sink as I leaned across to fill the kettle. With some dexterity I managed to gather up the slack in the Chains and by not standing close to the sink I was able to reach the tap and fill the kettle. I could see it was not going to be easy to avoid dragging my Chains across the units. However by standing back from the units and stretching with my arms I was able to get the tea bags from the cupboard and the mugs from the dishwasher. When the kettle boiled I made the tea and fortunately I had remembered to take a spoon from the dishwasher to squeeze out the tea bags. I turned round to see if Mistress had finished Her writing and I was surprised to see She was sat back in Her chair watching me with a slight smile on her face. I picked up the mugs and put them on the table and sat down in my chair. Mistress made no attempt to strap me to it and I assumed She felt the Manacle and Chain Set were sufficient to keep me in check.

“For a first attempt you managed that very well 818. If I gave merits for good performance, which I don’t, then you would have earned some, but you are here to serve me, and all I give are demerits for poor performance.”

“You will I’m sure be pleased to discover your Chastity Device will be worn at night. You will need to wear a drain sheath during the night, and as you may have noticed there is a Rubber seal in the end of the cock tube. This means I can slip a drain sheath over the metal tube anytime I need to keep you in Rubber Bondage for prolonged periods. In fact a drain bag attached to your leg could become a permanent feature of your daily routine and would save time being wasted with visits to the toilet. Drink up your tea and I’ll put you into your Rubber Bed, it will be your first night in a proper Rubber Bed although it won’t be anything like the bed you have been used to for the last five years.”

I drank up my tea and stood up. I picked up the two mugs and rinsed them under the tap and put them in the dishwasher.

“Not quite right 818, dirty crockery stays on the draining board until the dishwasher is to be loaded for a wash cycle.” I removed the mugs and put them on the draining board. “I usually do a wash every other day. It is something you will have to keep your eye on so I don’t run out of clean crockery.”

Mistress stood up and walked out of the kitchen and I presumed I was expected to follow Her without any further words being said.

When we were in my room She released the set of Chains, opened the zip in the Rubber Smock and removed it. From one of the drawers She took out a Rubber Drain Sheath and a length of Rubber Tubing. She bent over in front of me and stretching out the neck of the Rubber Sheath She slipped it over the metal tube of the Chastity Belt. From Her pocket Mistress produced a roll of adhesive tape and wrapped several layers around the neck of the Rubber Sheath and the metal tube.

“That’s all you will need to wear in your Rubber Bed. The Rubber Sheets will cling to your naked body making it very difficult for you to wriggle about. After the initial coldness of the Rubber Sheets you will soon warm up, in fact you might not need the electric blanket tonight. However I shall switch it on and perhaps I’ll think to come in sometime and see how hot you have got.”

Mistress unfolded the Rubber Sheets on top of the Bench and took some time sorting them out and positioning them to Her satisfaction.

“Right up you get and slide your legs down inside the Rubber Tubes along the side of the Rubber Sheet. You will need to wriggle forward along the Rubber Sheet to get your legs right to the bottom of the Rubber Tubes.”

The Rubber Sheet was made from Rubber Hospital Sheeting and I was surprised to find the inside of it was lined with Shiny Black Rubber. This made it easier to get my legs to slide down into the tubes. Mistress put Her arm down between my legs and threaded the Rubber drain tube out through a hole at the bottom of the Rubber Sheet. Mistress held the Rubber Sheet up in front of me. I could see two Rubber tubes fitted to the sides of the Rubber Sheet just like the ones my legs were now enclosed in.

“Slide your arms down inside the Rubber Tubes, right to the bottoms and then lie down on the bed.”

I slid my arms down inside the Rubber Tubes and then let myself lie back on the bed. Mistress pulled the edges of the Rubber Sheet down over the bottom and the sides of the bed and fastened them so the Rubber Sheet was stretched tightly over my body. Mistress drew the top of the Rubber Sheet up over my head, and my face fitted into a shaped face piece. There were no openings in the face piece, but a large Rubber Tube was pushed into my mouth filling it to act as a simple but effective sort of Gag but allowing me to breathe. The upper part of the Rubber Sheet was stretched out and fastened to the sides and top of the bed. I could move, just a little, I certainly couldn’t pull my arms or legs out of the Rubber Tubes they were enclosed in, and I found my head was pressed down into the Rubber Pillow making it impossible to turn my head from side to side. I was in total darkness and I couldn’t hear very much with the crackling and rustling of the Rubber Sheet.

But Mistress was not finished. I felt another heavy Rubber Sheet being unfolded over my captive body and that was also stretched out and fastened all round the sides of the bed. I recalled that She had said something about breathing in Rubber odours and as I now found my breathing to be somewhat laboured I could only guess the second Rubber Sheet was covering my head as well as my body. Suddenly there was a humming noise and I could hear Mistress speaking to me from behind my head. I guessed it was from a loud speaker fitted underneath the Rubber Pillow.

“It doesn’t take me long to make my Rubber Bondage prisoner secure, and I’m sure you are well aware of your escapeproof situation. You should be able to get a reasonable night’s rest, as there is some movement possible inside the Rubber Sheets. You won’t however be able to turn over, but that is something you will have to tolerate. I prefer this method of Rubber Bondage for overnights rather than resorting to Straps or Ropes or Chains, unless of course you are being Punished, then Rubber Bondage takes on a whole new meaning. You can pee whenever you need to and there is a listening device in my bedroom. But you know the rules about disturbing me at night if there is no real emergency. I am very tempted to give you a control test, but I feel you do need some rest so we will forgo that little pleasure, but tomorrow is another day. Tomorrow morning before you go to work you can let me have your decision whether you do want to be my Rubber Bondage slave. If you do decide to stay with me then tomorrow when you return from your outside job you will have your first period as my Rubber Bondage slave. You will be my Rubber Maid and you will have work to do for me. Tomorrow will be the turning point in your world of fantasy. It will suddenly become reality and everything will be extremely serious and permanent. I am well aware that you are not trained yet but you will learn by experience, painfully or pleasantly. Whichever way you learn you will eventually become my devoted Rubber Bondage slave. We will I know have a very good life together and you can make it as pleasurable as you want by obeying my every command and my every wish and whim. I think I have said enough for you to fully understand who and what you are and what you are to become. So I’ll wish you a pleasant nights rest and I will see you in the morning.”

There was a ‘click’ and the humming stopped and I was left in my Rubber Cocoon. Not silent as I could hear the blood rushing in my ears and my breath rasping in and out of the Rubber Tube Gag firmly embedded in my mouth. I tested the amount of movement I had been given and it was not very much. I couldn’t lift my arms or my legs nor could I bend them. I could twist my arms and legs inside the Rubber Tubes and that was about all. I had been aware for some time that I was feeling quite warm and now I realised I was feeling very hot and I could feel beads of perspiration rising all over my body. After a while I could taste the warm odours of Rubber in my mouth as the temperature continued to rise. But I was feeling very tired and before long I had dozed off.

I dreamt I was a Rubber Bondage prisoner and I had only restrictive Rubber Clothes and Manacles and Chains to wear. I was going to be trained by a Rubber Mistress who was using all sorts of cruel and devious means to make me into her devoted Rubber Bondage slave... I couldn’t understand why the dream seemed to be so real.

Now I was wide-awake and I was fully aware of my situation. It wasn’t a dream! I really was a Rubber Bondage prisoner. I was in a Rubber Bed encased and enclosed in restricting Rubber Bondage. I was Sightless and Gagged and could only smell and taste Rubber. I did have only restricting Rubber Clothes and Manacles and Chains to wear. Yes! There was a Cruel Rubber Mistress who had already started to train me to be Her permanent Rubber Bondage slave. Had the wonderful events of the last two days really happened? Yes of course they had, my present Rubber Bondaged situation was proof enough and I knew I would become a Rubber Bondage slave to a very Cruel Rubber Mistress. There was no question of me backing out now; in fact it was the furthest thought from my mind.
