---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Office Discipline
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F-f
- fpov
- oral
- cuffs
- collar
- gag
- spank
- crop
- chairtie
- cons
- X
date: 2022-09-01 00:00:00
---

When I arrived at Lavender Rose Bar down in the Chelsea section of Manhattan, it was already packed solid. After work, I’d eaten dinner, showered, and rested before hitting the bar scene.

The Lavender Rose is a small Lesbian Bar that had outgrown its small space. Fridays the place was packed, with all sorts of women. Everything from femmes to butch dykes in black leather. One regular patron was there, with her girlfriend on a leash.

Luckily, the woman I was standing next to was in the process of ordering a drink, so I was able to order one at the same time. I looked at myself in the bar’s mirror. My name is Jackie, I’m five inch six in heels, a brunette, and I like nice clothes.

And I’m also a bi-sexual, though not in any relationship at the moment. My last boyfriend had moved back to Portland without me, so I was again on the prowl.

In the mirror I saw the image of my boss, Regina, seated alone in a booth. On the table sat her purse, and just one glass in front of her. She was alone.

I turned and walked towards her, seating myself in front of her.

“Hi, Regina.”

“Hi, Jackie – you look very nice tonight.”

“Thank you. Here alone?” I asked.

“Only until you came in,” she answered.

I hadn’t known that Regina was a dyke until the day I saw her coming out of a S&M sex shop with one of her girlfriends. After that, I’d run into her at the oddest places: bookstores, bars, museums, and movie theaters. Manhattan is such a small place, really.

“Doing anything this evening?” I asked.

“My, you’re awfully direct tonight,” Regina answered, “no.”

“I’m not doing anything either. Interested?” I enquired.

“Sure,” Regina replied, “I live within walking distance – want to come to my place?”

“Why not?” I answered, finishing off my drink.

---

Regina was lucky to have a large, rent controlled apartment all by herself. She had a foyer, living room, dinette, and two bedrooms. One had been converted to an office, and the other was nicely furnished. We sat on the bed drinking glasses of wine, when her hand reached down my blouse and began to fondle my breasts.

“Want to?” asked my hostess.

“Mmmmm,” I answered.

We placed our glasses on the night table, then lay down together on the bed. I held Regina close to me, and inhaled her scent. Opium, and Regina combined was a heady mix indeed!

“I’ve wanted to get my hands on you ever since you were hired,” said Regina, as she nipped at my right ear.

“If I’d have known about you earlier, we might have,” I answered.

Regina was unbuttoning my blouse, teasing me along.

“Want to get naked?” Regina asked.

“Can’t wait.”

Talk about coincidence! Both of us were wearing exactly the same kind of undies from Victoria’s Secret. I liked to be a femme – and so did Regina.

We lay together on the bed, kissing and fondling the other. Both of us were eager to make love, and Regina was an accomplished lover. Her lips ranged over my breasts and finally my wet slit. She drove me to one orgasm after another, as I moaned under her attentions.

I quickly returned the compliment, placing my tongue into her hot wet woman flesh, and sucking her clit, making her come time after time.

We lay together, Regina massaging my breasts, tracing the sweat on my naked skin.

“What did you buy at that sex shop?” I asked.

“What sex shop?”

“The S&M one on 14th I saw you walking out of last June, with that tall blonde,” I answered.

“So that was you,” Regina replied.

“What did you buy?” I asked again, nosy.

“Just some toys, that’s all.”

“Show me, please?”

“Well, if you want.”

Regina got up off the bed, and opened the bottom drawer of her dresser. Next to folded bras and panties were her “toys.” She then placed a few gags, a collar, handcuffs, and a paddle and crop on the bed.

“Ever done a scene?” Regina questioned.

“Well, no,” I answered, “just making love, that’s all.”

“Want to walk on the wild side for a change?”

“I thought you were femme, not butch?” I asked.

“Maybe I swing both ways,” she coyly replied.

“Okay,” I answered, “but nothing too wild.”

“We’re in my apartment in Manhattan – not like I have a playroom in the basement,” Regina laughed.

I picked up the gleaming stainless steel handcuffs, feeling their heaviness. Next, I held a leather gag, which had a penis like projection that was intended for the mouth. Bound into these, I was going to be one helpless little femme!

“Shall we?” Regina asked.

“Sure,” I answered.

“Not sure,” Regina corrected me, “Yes, Mistress!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“That’s better. Now, hands behind your back.”

I sat motionless as she locked the handcuffs on my wrists, then pulled my hair into a ponytail with a couple of elastic bands. Then she locked a collar on my neck, making certain that it wasn’t too tight.

“Open wide,” Regina ordered.

I opened my mouth in order to accommodate the very same penis gag that I had been holding just a few minutes before. Regina gently pushed the thing inside me, then buckled it behind my neck.

“Mmmmmph!” I grunted.

If anyone would have told me that I would be bound and naked in my boss’s apartment just hours after the workday, I’ve told him or her that they would be crazy. Instead, here I was, totally helpless and at the mercy of another woman.

“Look at yourself in the mirror, dear. You look simply divine!”

All I saw in the mirror was myself, bound and gagged!

Regina pulled at the D ring on the collar, then playfully slapped my breasts.

“I only wish I could use these in the office – we’d have such fewer problems!”

“Mmmmmph!”

“All tied up and no place to go, Jackie? I can fix that!”

Regina removed a pair of leg shackles from her drawer, and locked them on my ankles. I sat impassively, but what else could I do? I was totally helpless!

“Now then, darling. Your performance was a little below standard this month, so I’m going to have to punish you!”

Pulling me by the collar, Regina draped me across her lap. Her left hand held onto my right wrist, keeping me from protecting my vulnerable and exposed bottom! Regina used her left hand to fondle my fleshy globes, then inserted her fingers into my wet slit.

“What a naughty girl you are!” Regina admonished.

Slap!

Slap!

Slap!

It had been years since Jeff had given me a spanking! Of all the lovers I’ve ever been with, he was the only one to ever place me across his knee and redden my bottom.

Slap!

Slap!

Slap!

“Naughty slut!”

Regina was finger fucking my cunt with her index and forefinger. I wondered if she was into fisting?

Slap!

Slap!

Slap!

“Mmmmmph! I grunted.

Slap!

Slap!

Slap!

“Mmmmph!

“You have such a lovely bottom, Jackie. It’s a pity that we never did this before!”

Slap!

Slap!

Slap!

I had to admit that by then, I was the horniest little bitch imaginable. I read that when gagged a woman can truly let go – and so I did! My lips enclosed the phallus, and I sucked on it, totally abandoning myself to being spanked by Regina – Mistress Regina!

Slap!

Slap!

Slap!

My bottom was truly warm by then, and I knew that I would be reminded each time that I sat down this week of my spanking.

“That’s enough darling,” Regina explained calmly, “we don’t want to overdo it on your first time, now do we?”

“Mmmmmmph! I moaned.

“That’s good, darling.”

Regina then seated me on a simple wooden chair in the bedroom. There was a small padded cushion between my sore bottom and the hard wood but my rear still felt like it was on fire. Regina then looped a thin strap around my waist, binding me to the chair.

“Open your legs, darling!” Regina ordered.

In her hands she held a black leather-riding crop, with a square leather pad at the end, which she slapped against the palm of her hand.

Reluctantly, I opened my legs to expose the inside of my thighs. It looked like a spanking wasn’t the only thing I was going to get tonight!

“Mmmmph! I cried out when the leather struck my thighs.

Smack!

Smack!

Smack!

Smack!

Regina used the crop like a metronome on the inside of my thighs. The pain was simply delicious after a few strokes!

“Ever read “Story of O” Jackie? O realizes just how much of a slave she is after her thighs were beaten with a crop – and do you?”

“Mmmmph!” I nodded my head in assent. There wasn’t too much a girl could say in my position.

Smack!

Smack!

Smack!

Smack!

I lost count of the number of strokes that landed on my thighs. I had never felt so erotic in my life. My whole body was one orgasm after another, the waves rolling through my body like the ocean. Just a few feet below us, everyone was free – and I was a slave!

I didn’t realize it when Regina stopped, and unbuckled the gag from my mouth. I panted from my experience when the phallus was removed from my lips.

“Thank you, Mistress,” I panted.

“You’re welcome, Jackie.”

Still bound to the chair, she held up a glass of ice water to my lips, and I drank greedily.

“Slowly, Jackie, slowly.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Still naked, Regina sat on the bed facing me. I was helpless in the chair.

“Did you enjoy yourself, Jackie?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“You were very good, darling. Did you enjoy your bondage, the spanking, the crop on your thighs?”

“Yes, Mistress!” And I really meant it too!

The scent of female musk was in the air between us. Had I not been bound to the chair, I would have fallen to my knees in front of Regina and begged her to beat me again.

“I have plenty of other toys, Jackie. Clamps for your nipples, a plug for the bottom hole of yours, a dildo harness. Plus a flogger and whip. Interested?”

“Yes, yes!” I stuttered.

“Yes, what?”

“Yes, Mistress!” I answered.

“Good, for we don’t want to use you too much your first time. There will be plenty of other times, Jackie,” Regina described.

And there were!

THE END
