---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Diane’s Tale
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- M+-f
- F-f
- latex
- bond
- kidnap
- slave
- reluct
- XX
date: 2005-07-07 00:00:00
---

Diane’s Tale by Rbbral
Note: I while ago I went to see the movie “Demonlover”.
It was a cautionary tale about a woman involved in corporate espionage,
who gets in way over her head. I would recommend it to any in the pervy
community, despite the fact that much of what went on was not “consensual”.
The lead was played by the cool but sensually stunning Connie Nielson,
and as Diane she gets involved with the internet, Japanese anime and unwittingly
an interactive SM site. The film has a truly haunting ending with Diane
in some serious trouble (it was a French movie, so no happy Hollywood ending).
Throughout the movie she had sought power and at the end she is a powerless
pawn, to be played with, possibly for the rest of her life or until they
tire of her, by forces well beyond her imagination. As is often the case
it got me to thinking about what would have happened to Diane and, as I
did after I watched another great, but somewhat strange French movie, “The
Piano Teacher” (with the equally sublime and gifted Isabelle Huppert) I
decided to stretch my fantasies and write my own sequel, just for the fun
of it. For Diane’s story I have written it through her eyes. The first
part is a synopsis of the movie, and if you haven’t seen it and don’t want
to spoil your viewing then ignore the first part of this!

**Part One**

My name used to be Diane, and it seems like a long time ago now when
all this happened.

About a year ago, I think it was, the passage of time is hard to tell
after what I have been through; I suppose you would have called me a corporate
spy. Sounds very glamorous, but it wasn’t. I was approached by a company,
Magnatronics, to spy for them by getting hired by a company called Volk.
Volk were in the process of affiliating with and investing money in a company’s’
involvement in Japanese anime. The company was Demonlover, and Magnatronics
(a rival) wanted to scuttle the deal. I was to be paid handsomely; money
would go into an account in Lugano in Switzerland every month.

It was important for me to move up within Volk and find out what Demonlover
were up to. I realise that I will get no sympathy here but to get closer
to the picture I began by drugging Karen, a high up administrator at Volk
and had her abducted for 18 hours, and in the meantime I was raised to
her position while she was away recovering!

Karen’s two colleagues, Elise, her secretary, a winsome blonde who was
very loyal to Karen and seemed to dislike me, and Herve, her superior who
seemed to have the hots for me, were now my new associates, in fact I was
now Elise’s superior and she didn’t like that at all. From Karen’s files
I discovered that Demonlover had an affiliate website called Hellfire Club
that was an interactive SM porn site. Once Volk were informed of this they
would be out of the running, leaving it to Magnatronics (my secret client)
to move in. In a meeting with Volk, Elaine, their raven haired representative
and her greasy American boss Edward denied they had anything to do with
Hellfire Club, but the dye was cast.

Things however started to go very wrong when I went to Elaine’s room
to get my bugging equipment back. When she returned early a huge fight
ensued (there was millions of dollars running on this). I thought I had
killed her, in the heat of the moment I tried to suffocate her with a pillow,
however she recovered somehow and when I turned my back on her, she knocked
me out.

I woke up in my room and could not understand why there was no blood
over me. Returning to Elaine’s room I found no Elaine and no signs of a
struggle nor any blood. Things were indeed getting strange. Was this a
dream? Did the struggle ever happen?

Then Elise called me and told me to meet her, I did so and during a
meeting in my car she threatened me, she said on behalf of Karen, with
a gun. She said that they were trying to warn me off, that this was getting
too dangerous for me. I went to Karen’s office that evening to try and
see if I could find more about this Hellfire site. I realised that the
passwords in her file were her own passwords, not those of Edward or Elaine.

I entered the site. All sorts of images of bound and tortured women
leapt onto the scream. Some were animated and some were real, it was hard
to tell. It seemed that there were ten or eleven sites each containing
a woman in some kind of bondage or torture scenario. At once I was horrified
but also transfixed. I saw a girl in a blue latex suit looking a little
like Emma Peel, and looking up at the camera which would have been in the
corner of the room.

Then I saw a girl sitting on a metal bed dressed all in black latex,
including a full head mask with small pin holes for the eyes and a slit
at her mouth. She had a studded collar locked around her neck. This was
site number 8. This was “Zora” and the site asked me if I wanted to see
more of her, I clicked yes and watched as two henchmen tossed her into
a bath of water and nearly drowned her. Then I saw her being pulled into
a room in her rubber suit, I never saw her face, it was always masked,
and she was picked up by one man and tossed onto an iron bed. Following
that she was wrapped in plastic wrap and what looked like nearly suffocated.
At the end of this, the screen asked me if I wanted to torture Zora! All
I had to do was click yes, give them my credit card number and describe
what I wanted done to her. It was as easy as that! My mind was in turmoil,
and I had to think this through, it was hard to fathom.

So, if you have the Internet (doesn’t everyone?) and if you surf porn
(doesn’t everyone?) you can find the Hellfire Club, it can’t be that difficult.
And here’s the “fun” bit. It’s interactive! You pay your money, nice and
easy by credit card, and type in a fantasy for your heroine. Then no matter
how weird and terrifying it is, they “act” it out for you. Torture, bondage,
electrical play (I saw a woman dressed as Wonder Woman strapped to the
iron bed which then seemed to be attached to an electric current), mummification
or Zora accommodating one, two or three men – you just pay your money,
and you’re in charge! Why would these women do this? Were they very well
paid? It looked so real, how could they fake this? Where did they get these
women? All these questions were swirling around in my mind as I looked
at the screen and didn’t notice Karen enter behind me.

She said she accessed the site on occasion and yes, she was fascinated
by it. Wasn’t I? I was, but didn’t tell her that, and allowed her to continue.
She looked a little sad, and she said she came here to warn me off (the
same as Elise had) but now it was too late, she couldn’t help me now. Demonlover
knew I could access Hellfire Club through their site and now I was a risk
and a risk they must “control”. She said she had been with Demonlover as
their spy at Volk for some time (another spy!). She left leaving me a tape
to view.

At home I watched it. I saw myself unconscious being lifted up off the
floor by Elise! I’m carried back to my room, cleaned up while other men
clean up Elaine’s room and take her body away. Is she dead? I don’t know,
but there is no movement from her. The tape is incriminating me; it seems
to show I am a murderer. The spy has been spied upon and caught.

Elise called me and offered me a “deal”. I of course had no option.
She came round with her henchman and I agreed to all the conditions. What
choice did I have? Elise; little, young, innocent blonde Elise, who looks
about 18, is also with Demonlover, and is now very much in charge of me!
Any peep to Volk about what Demonlover are up to, and anything about my
involvement, then Volk get the tape, and so do probably the police.

Elise is so cool now; she’s 18 going on 40. She says Demonlover need
a little more insurance and so they take me for a ride, Elise hoods and
handcuffs me and then tells me they knew from the start that I was working
for Magnatronics, and they even know about my Lugano account.

So, as I was “spying” on Volk, they were watching me all the time –
except for when I was surprised by Elaine. In the darkness of the hood
I realise now how powerless I am. I played the power game and lost, lost
it all. They take me somewhere in the country and down into a cool dingy
cellar. The door closes behind me; Elise had left me, no words of pity
or sympathy, I m on my own, that is for sure.

The hood is pulled off and I am in a cellar with white painted walls,
two men are there and one has a hypodermic, and roughly pulls my handcuffed
arm to him. I struggle and he says, don’t worry; we won’t kill you, as
you are worth more to us alive! The next two hours pass in a blur; I remember
figures, cameras, several men, lights. They wanted all the information
and would take their time over it. They asked me many questions, the drug
was good, I answered everything they asked. They filed all this, their
bosses clearly needed solid proof of all the evidence. After a while they
stopped all the questions and had their entertainment.

There was an old solid wood kitchen table in the room and soon they
had me over it, my panties down and off. I was still cuffed and a bit dopey,
so I offered no resistance. They were courteous enough, or maybe they had
been ordered, to wear condoms. As one filmed, the others had their fun,
one pushed my legs wide with his, and held me down with a hand. My head
lay to one side so that the camera could get a good view. Then slowly one
screwed me, back and front, while the other flapped his rubber covered
cock in my face and then slid it into my mouth. After they were satisfied
they asked more questions, the same ones and then different ones. They
didn’t hit me hard but slapped me a couple of times to keep me alert. Soon
they had everything they wanted.

I was returned still drugged to my flat. I remember vaguely Elise putting
a plaster on my arm where they had stuck the needle in and the pecking
me on the cheek. I’m sure I remember this though it was s strange thing
for her to do. Elise advised me of my new position at the company and told
me she had already contacted Magnatronics to tell them that I no longer
worked for them.

So my cover had been sprung, I will not hear from them again. I am a
drone, I am nobody. I’m now just her secretary, a minion. I walked around
in a daze. But there was a further twist to my decline.

Herve still had the hots for me, and we went to dinner. We nearly had
an affair in Tokyo, but I managed to persuade him off. Over dinner he now
tells me that he too works for Demonlover, and Elise is his assistant.
I am now too dulled to be shocked at this. It seems everyone is a spy.

He took me back to my place; I don’t know why I let him in but after
we have a gentle love making session he than starts to become more aggressive.
I don’t know why, I never will, it is all so strange, but feeling threatened
I shoot him as he assaults me. There is no question about him being dead,
none at all. He lies at my feet. Maybe under other circumstances I could
claim rape, well he was raping me, but Demonlover have the tape of my other
“murder”. There are times when you realise that you have no cards left,
none; you are now completely in someone else’s power; to do with as they
please, and you are willing to go along with it!

I called Elise. Who else could I call?

I am already in her pocket, this innocent faced little blonde, who I
now hate for the power she exerts over me, but there is nothing I can do,
except go along. The clean-up crew tidy up after me, and they take Herve
away. There will be no sign of a struggle. Herve’s body will be washed
up in the Seine, an apparent motiveless drug crime. But she seems genuinely
sorry, for me, not for Herve. She tells me it is prison for life, without
a doubt, or to go with them, on their terms, as one of their internet starlets.
Nothing could be worse than prison, right? So I agree, and they say it
is a good idea if they get me out of the country. So on their jet, I now
see how much money Demonlover (and Hellfire Club) have, and they fly me
to the States. They keep me nicely doped up, they don’t want a scene and
at Customs they explain I am suffering from a flu bug. But I am compliant,
after all this is better than prison, right?

Next day, I am on a helicopter over the Texan desert. Edward and Elise
are with me. It is clear that Elise is no small cog in the Demonlover outfit.
Edward slips me another pill, I’m in such a hole of powerlessness and lack
of self-esteem - I am nothing now - that I take it without comment. We
land in the desert and Edward and Elise (now all cool confidence and in
control of her little package – me) half carry me to an adobe house.

When I awake, I am wearing a tight blue rubber suit, a suit identical
to the one worn by the young woman on the Hellfire Club site that I saw
earlier. I am wearing a wig like hers, and my face is painted like hers.
On the floor are pictures of me dressed like this, taken in a session when
I was probably so drugged I didn’t remember it. I look like Emma Peel.

It should have dawned on me before, and maybe it did but I didn’t dare
to acknowledge it but Elise, little innocent Elise, and the creepy Edward,
are involved not just in Demonlover but also Hellfire Club. More important,
I have been “recruited” for Hellfire Club stardom!

So I make a bid for escape, and what a sight I must have been careening
through the desert, driving the car like a madwoman dressed in my blue
rubber suit. And then came the terrible accident and the aftermath, the
car tipping over and my captors killing two innocent people, possible eye-witnesses,
two more lives that could be chalked up to me. Why didn’t I run? Right
into the desert in a rubber suit with two armed men chasing me. No, I just
stood there in shock, as they took me back. It was then that I realised
just how deep in it I now was.

They obviously figured I was too valuable to keep in the wilds of Texas,
so I was soon back on their plane, doped up, and back to Paris. Now I am
taken somewhere outside Paris, at a place in the country, possibly where
I was taken originally and drugged and beaten. But there is little hope
of escape here. I was brought here by Elise, hooded, cuffed and drugged.
As I was pulled from the car, she gripped my arm and whispered good luck,
again another strange thing to say. I didn’t see her again. The three minders
took me to my room in the basement. This is my new home. Then they showed
me my new costume, the black latex suit and full mask of Zora. I am the
new Zora! It’s odd; you would think that I would be frightened and horrified
at my predicament. But I wasn’t, really. They left me and I fingered the
oily black suit. How long ago was it that the previous girl had worn this
as Zora? Where was she now? Less than an hour later they ordered me to
wear the suit, for Zora was in high demand.

I didn’t’ resist or fight them, after all I had volunteered for this
hadn’t I? In all my business encounters I had always been the dominant,
but now I was the true submissive. Is this what I really wanted? I volunteered
for this. I was not naïve, I could have gone to jail, I maybe would
have got a lesser sentence, pleading that Herve raped me. But….I chose
this, I chose this. I could have chosen the other…but I didn’t.

After powdering myself I drew up the tight rubber suit, over my feet,
legs and torso, it slips over my skin smoothly and grips me tight. There
was a double zip through the crotch and up my back. I pushed my arms through
the sleeves and into the gloves, I would get used to doing this many times
in the future. I am very flexible and pulled the zip up to the back of
my neck. In the mirror admired my tall, slim body, shining like a black
marble statue. This certainly wouldn’t disappoint Zora’s adoring and cruel
fans. I ran my hands over my body, sleek and smooth.

What a strange destiny I had arrived at - from dominant corporate spy
to submissive rubber doll!

When two of then came for me, they cuffed my hands behind my back and
led me down the corridor to my room for my first “interactive scene” on
the net. The room was the same that I had seen before on the net – iron
bed, white walls and a camera in the corner. I sat on the bed, ready for
my premiere performance. The minder spread my mask in front of me (yes,
it was mine now). Where was the girl whose face last touched this mask?
It did not do any good to think of things like that. He did not have to
force it over my head, I dipped my face into it; the cool cling pressed
into my cheeks and forehead. I breathed in the pungent odour and peered
out of the pinholes, I could see out all right, but no one would be able
to recognise my eyes within. He zipped it down the back, and my head, like
the rest of me was now embraced in the gradually warming grip of rubber.
There was a small mouth hole, but big enough, I thought, for a gag, or
a cock. I sat there, looking up at the camera, waiting for them to return
and wondering who was out there watching me, ready for my first “performance.”

**Chapter Two**

I can’t expect you to pity me, well not much. I drugged someone, had
her kidnapped and stuffed in a trunk for 18 hours in order to take over
their position. Then I smothered a woman to death in a fight in her hotel
room, and then I killed a man who I believed was raping me. Yes, I invited
him in, but things, as they say, got out of hand.

These kinds of actions do not invite sympathy. And now of course I am
paying for these sins.

So who is Zora? Well, as the saying goes, she is anyone you want her
to be, she can do, or more to the point, you can do anything you want to
her. You dream up the scenario and you pay your money and Zora, and her
not so gentle minders, will oblige.

And what about you, the viewers, the clients? You look down on me from
the camera in the corner of the cellar through the lens of the handicam
and what am I to you? I know you have fantasies, we all do, some stranger
that others, and some of us can’t distinguish between them and real life
sometimes. And I stare back through the mask. Do you think I am here because
I want to be, enduring all this? You think that I like this game that is
being played? Do you care? Do you think that I volunteered for this? Well,
in some way, and I have to chuckle at the irony of it, I suppose I did.
It was this, or prison for life, well there’s not much difference really.

So what is my routine? Well, there are six or seven rooms in the cellar.
I’m the only subject here, I know there are other girls on the Hellfire
web site, but I don’t know where they are, in other countries possibly.
But we’re a self-contained unit here, oh yes. I have three minders and
more on call if necessary. I have a good-sized room with bath/shower, good-sized
bed, TV and closet; fairly spartan but better than prison, not much though.
There are no windows but there seems to be plenty of fresh air. There’s
a closet for basic clothes, I don’t need many of course so just t-shirts,
pants and underwear.

As Zora I have my catsuits, several of them. They get replaced if they
get ripped during the scenes. This has happened, more than once. And there
are the masks, with a hole for the mouth and pinholes for the eyes. Zora
always wears her mask on the site. It of course protects them from disclosing
my identity, and of course it dehumanises me. Zora is a cartoon, remember,
or she might as well be. The clients probably don’t want to put a face
to this “goddess”, as she is abused again and again.

So how does it work? Very easily, really, when a request is received,
it is reviewed by the “team” who decide if it can be done, if I will be
able to do it. Then between them they plan the scene. I am never informed.
It takes away the spontaneity, my reactions, and my fight. And anyway I’m
not a person, remember, just an internet rubber doll or mannequin to be
played with and abused. But I survive, always. I must, for at least the
moment. I don’t think they are into snuff; there’s no point in killing
off the star, accidentally or otherwise. There’s too much money to be made
off her.

But I wonder if any of the “clients” ponder on who I am, or if they
care. And I ponder on the Zora before me, the rubber clad woman I saw on
Karen’s computer, the woman whose place I have taken. Who got the better
of the deal? What happened to her, and where is she now? Did she escape,
if so how was it possible? Or did she become expendable? I have tried not
to think of that too much.

I am looked after, sort of anyway. I am fed three times a day and there’s
an exercise bike and universal gym in the corner of my room; they want
me in shape, not a podgy Zora stuffed into a rubber suit. On occasion I
have been taken upstairs and outside. I have always been naked (clearly
I’m at a big house with grounds) and cuffed and with blacked out contact
lenses, so I’m blind. They then attach a chain to my collar and I am forced
to run along behind some kind of golf cart. I hear then laughing at my
predicament, but I get air, sun and exercise and relative to my “exercise”
in the scenes on my site, it is a wonderful feeling.

I don’t talk to the minders - never, those are the orders. They talk
amongst themselves in French, almost as if I am not there, not human, which
to them I am not, they certainly don’t want to get to know me, or think
of me as a human being with feelings. If they did that they might not feel
so inclined to do the things they do to me! So I live in silence, I talk
to myself – just to make me remember I still have a voice.

On average I have between four or five scenes a week - sometimes more.
That doesn’t sound much but sometimes I need time to recover, and they
also need to plan for the next one. Zora seems, unfortunately for me, to
be very popular. Who are these people who conjure up my degradation and
pain? Have they any idea what they are doing? Well, the minders do hurt
me sometimes. I am often tied in excruciatingly tight positions, hogtied
or rolled into a ball, or folded over with wrists tied to ankles. I am
reasonably flexible but after a while it can become very sore. I have been
wrapped in cling film until I can’t believe I can breathe – and left to
wriggle out of it, which obviously I can’t do. I’ve been strapped to a
St. Andrews cross until my arms and legs are stretched to their extremes;
and to a vaulting horse and then paddled and whipped on my buttocks, thighs
and even my breasts. Even with the rubber suit on it is very painful. Sometimes
I moan and even scream, they like this, but sometimes they will gag me
with a large rubber ball. They say some of the clients like that, hearing
this masked woman moan behind her gag.

There is little straight sex – this is an SM site after all, but on
a customer will pay to see me partake in some scene or other. This will
involve me blowing one of the minders, or sometimes one of them will take
me in the rear, sometimes it will be twosome or even a threesome. Over
the months I got used to having a cock stuffed into my mouth and one in
my rear, there is no chance of me refusing as they usually ring gag me
first and then just stuff it in. I can even tell who is doing what, so
used to it that I am. I have to swallow their cum of course although sometimes
they like to withdraw and squirt it over my mask then smear it over my
face. It is humiliating of course but the mask provides me with my anonymity,
so I survive. When whipping me they often use butt plugs to keep my rear
nice and loose, ready to welcome the next cock that will fuck me there.

Rarely do they pay to see me have “normal’ sex. Then there is the electric
play, I knew from memory that the other women are subjected to electro
shock therapy scenes. When I wear my all-over rubber suit they don’t do
this to me. But I have also have suits with cutouts at the breasts and
pussy and my minders do like to attach electrodes to my nipples and vaginal
lips and give me a few shots of electricity. Of course it is excruciating
and I feel as if I am on fire. I am always amazed however at the originality
of some of my “fans”.

After it is all over I am led or sometimes carried back to my room to
recover. They sometimes leave me, or strip the mask and suit off me and
leave me to clean and powder it later, and then shine it up. They all like
it brightly shining, if I don’t do it right then I am punished, like for
everything else I don’t do right, I am punished.

I didn’t mention that very early on, when I was wearing the suit with
the cutouts a customer gleefully requested that I be ringed. So a scene
was set up where my nipples were pierced with one-inch diameter steel rings.
The process was very painful and once the pointed end of the ring was pushed
through my nipple it was squeezed into the socket of the other end and
quickly spot-welded together. The rings are thick and will take a strong
cutter to get them off now, if I ever get the chance. To top this, another
customer requested that my labia be pierced and ringed on both sides and
this was undertaken shortly after. If I thought the nipple rings were painful,
the labial rings were even more so. So now I have four rings, two opposite
each other and on occasion they like to pull them together and seal me
shut with an oval locking ring, all I can do is pee, with difficulty.

They also chose to have my pussy denuded - not simply shaven but with
a strong depilatory cream applied over four or five sessions I am now permanently
bald there. To be honest I don’t mind this too much, compared to all the
other punishments I have endured it is really nothing.

You get used to things in life, no matter how hard; abuse, discomfort,
pain even. The rubber clothing is fine and warms up to my body heat nicely.
I like the cling on my body, it flatters all the curves, and I can see
why fetishists like it so much and am surprised it has never really made
it into the mainstream. It also provides me with some protection, not much
but it helps.

One afternoon, after about three months, I was in my room, readying
myself for another scene. I was in my rubber suit and my hands were handcuffed
behind me, as ordered. The door was unlocked and it was opened. I was expecting
one of my minders, but in walked Elaine! She came into the room with a
confident smile on her face, enjoying my reaction, which was one of complete
and utter shock. I was sitting on my bed and she sat down on the chair
opposite me, crossing her shapely legs. She chuckled.

“Well, this is a long way from being the super spy isn’t it?” I didn’t
reply for I was too shocked. I hated her of course but what was the point
in wasting energy getting upset over it.

“Cat got your tongue? Well I’ll save you the need for the questions.
Put simply, Zora (she called me Zora, and she smiled as she did this) you
didn’t kill me, I had a bad concussion and loss of blood but I survived,
to wreak my revenge, which is of course this. They did the filming in the
hotel room and decided that as far as you were concerned I was dead. Much
better to blackmail you that way, and you of course fell for it. So you
gave yourself to us, voluntarily, for no provable reason! I still chuckle
at the thought.”

I sat there not moving, and I felt a tear rise and then fall down my
cheek, this was almost as painful to know as the pain that has followed.
It was for her the cherry on the cake. Is it not enough to force someone
into enduring humiliation, to giving their life away? But then to know
that I had volunteered for it, fearing the alternative, and then for them
to tell me there was no terrible alternative, and that I needn’t have had
to! I couldn’t think of a more cruel irony! I didn’t say anything, I couldn’t,
I sat there in my tight rubber suit, I wasn’t embarrassed being handcuffed
before her like that, I was long passed that – after what I had endured
when being filmed. She was still very cool, smiling at me, looking me up
and down, and gloating a little. I was past hurting her; she knew that,
for she had won, I was defeated, crushed.

She coolly stood and approached me; she raised my chin and looked down
at me, then wiped the tear spots from my rubber-covered breasts. She saw
me shudder and smiled again.

“We, Hellfire, are very pleased with you, Zora.” It was Zora again,
reinforcing the fact that Diane was no more, and of course she was right.
“You get more hits than any of our other women, many more and you are great
on the site, we are very pleased with you. We like to watch you.” I could
not resist not talking any longer; I had only spoken to myself in the last
three months after all.

“So, do you enjoy your job…abducting women to be abused on your website?
Eh? Changing their lives forever.” She didn’t seem put out by my charge,
she smiled wryly and said.

“You brought this on yourself; you put your head in the noose. Corporate
spies should be aware of the consequences. You would have killed me; you
nearly did, so too bad. Don’t blame me. Anyway..” she smiled, “you volunteered!”

I lowered my head, she was right of course, I did, greed and power and
arrogance had got me into this, and stupidity, blind stupidity.

“Touche.” I said. “So why are you here? To gloat? To make sure I am
still healthy to provide you with lots of money?”

“We know you are healthy, Edward and I get weekly reports on you. But
we think we can maximise your talents further. We are happy with your performances,
Zora. But the thing is this. You are a very beautiful woman, oh yes, and
you spend your whole time in front of the camera rubber masked. Now we
all find this very sexy and perverted, but we think that we can create
another character. We are going to open up another site for you, only you
will be unmasked. We still don’t want you being recognised, faint possibility
though that is, so you will be wearing a lot of make-up, perhaps a little
slutty. We are thinking along the lines of an updated “Perils of Pauline”
the old serial movie series. The old damsel in distress always goes down
well. Each story will maybe have three or four episodes at the end of each
one you will be in some sort of trouble – captured and tortured or whatever
– not much fun for you of course (but here she didn’t seem too concerned
for my well being) and the customers pay to see how, if, you survive for
the next episode! We have already thought up a couple of stories, you as
a nurse in an institution captured by a couple of the inmates and subjected
you to all kinds of unpleasant attentions. And you as a maid in a hotel
captured by one of the guests or a schoolgirl punished by a jealous friend.
They are pretty limitless.” She sat back on her chair, quite happy with
herself. I was stunned.

“You have to be kidding! You’ll kill me, yes you really will, I can’t
be abused, thrashed and prodded and plugged any more that I am now, I just
couldn’t take it.” Yet she smiled her confident smile of someone who has
all the cards and won’t take no for an answer.

“Sure you can, we’ll cut back on Zora a little but you’ll be a nice
little money earner for us here. Anyway this is not negotiable; you gave
up your rights and powers three months ago. By the way you will be glad
to here we, Demonlover, did our deal with Volk so, no thanks to your efforts,
we are all going to make lots of money, legitimately in this instance.
Karen is well, and so is Elise, back to working for her. I think she is
looking a little forlorn. She seems to have had a bit of a conscience over
setting you up and sending you off. She still works for Demonlover but
her spheres of influence have been reduced. I’ve got a funny feeling she
actually might miss you, but who knows. She said the other day that she
thought we had been a bit harsh on you, seeing as you didn’t’ kill me,
and of course those folks killed in the desert wasn’t your fault. And the
others in the office thought it was very strange you disappearing like
that, but then women do that don’t they?” She smiled at that, knowing she
was fully responsible for some “disappearances.” I said suddenly.

“So what happened to the original Zora?” She seemed a little taken aback.

“Oh, she just moved on…..to other roles.”

“I don’t believe you, I think maybe the boys got a bit over excited
and it went too far and they killed her and I was the perfect replacement,
after all Zora is always masked. You could kill me and just get another
girl, perfect arrangement really.”

“Believe what you want, but you are wrong, the only killer here is you,
think on that.”

“I was being raped, it was an over reaction, yes; anyway it doesn’t
matter now, you have the tape of me there; and you clearing up and taking
Herve away and me completely out of it.” She leaned forward in her chair,
speaking almost conspiratorially.

“Well actually, we wanted to thank you for knocking off Herve. Yes,
really, he was a prick, and a loose cannon, we were getting worried about
him, and we all wanted him out. We just didn’t know how to do it. You did
us all a favour, thanks. It was very convenient, two birds with one stone!
So he’s now at the bottom of the Seine, the result of a drug deal or mugging
gone bad.”

“Your idea of repaying me a favour is a little odd.”

“True.” She smiled. “Hey, you look really good in that. No wonder they
are lining up to realise their fantasies on you.”

“Have you said all you have to say? I’ve got a “performance” to do.
Don’t want to keep the folks waiting.”

“I’ve got to hand it to you. I despised you when you infiltrated Volk
and almost killed our deal. I did enjoy pulling you down, the Ice Queen.
But I admire you here, I really do, we’ve had girls here try to escape,
fight and fight and then crumble. But you, you’re tougher than when you
came here, and I may say so, more human. On the other hand…..maybe you
get a bit of a kick out of it!”

That cut deep. I had no real hesitation in killing Elaine or Herve,
both were based on survival, one a drag out fight (Elaine would have killed
me first if she could) and the other was fear and panic. But I did want
the power, and the castle I sought to conquer was made of sand.

“You may be right, I guess some may think I deserve what I’m getting,
but it doesn’t make me feel any better. Not much of a life really, but
I don’t need pity from you. You finished?” She nodded, turned and knocked
on the door and the minder opened it.

“I’ll come and see you again…whether you like it or not.” She took my
mask from the minder and approached me, as I still sat on the bed. She
spread it open.

“Showtime!” She said with a leer, I dipped my head after one last look,
as defiant as I could, not easy dressed in rubber with my hands cuffed
behind me. She slipped the mask smoothly over my head, folded my hair underneath
and zipped it down to my neck. It was almost a comfort, being anonymous
again. She locked the collar around my neck, then stood back and, as the
minder took me, Zora, away to my next “adventure”, she gently slapped my
rubber covered bottom and left, without a look back.

**Part Three**

And so my life, such as it was, continued. I was still Zora, but now
once every three weeks or so they dreamt up a “damsel in distress” story
for me to endure. As Elaine had promised, there didn’t seem to be a limit
on their imaginations. I was a maid in a hotel room bound, gagged and assaulted,
a schoolgirl spanked on her bare behind and a nurse tied to an examination
table having her lower regions inspected and played with by two gowned
and masked “doctors” while another placed vacuum pumps on my exposed breasts.

During these sessions I was unmasked but I was forced to put on lots
of make-up – plenty of lipstick and eye shadow and once I wore a blonde
wig. So even my friends (where are they now?) would not recognise me. The
costumes were a bit whorish, which I guess was the point and they obviously
spent some money on the rooms, for they had sets in the basement all geared
out as an operating theatre, hotel room and office.

My life on site as Zora also continued. Zora the super spy, what a laugh!
When the minders got tired of tying me up and doing their worst with me,
they simply found some others to take their place. I was still fed well,
but was never allowed freedom of any kind. I don’t know if they drugged
the food and drink, but I wasn’t given any pills or injections, which I
suppose was a relief. They could just as easily have turned me into some
kind of junkie.

Then about six months into my new “life” I got another visitor. I was
again prepared for another session as Zora, dressed in my rubber suit and
cuffed behind my back when the door opened and in walked Elise.

My feelings for Elise were different to that of Elaine. Elise had been
in it from the start and had sucked me in beautifully. She had been the
one who had hooded and cuffed me and taken me to be drugged and beaten
up to get all the information they needed. She had been the one who had
accompanied me to Mexico, and then after I tried to escape, to my life
here. But she had also been the one who had warned me I was getting too
close to Demonlover and she had looked after me when I came out of my drugged
state in Paris. She was the one who persuaded Volk to keep me on, working
as her secretary; Karen would have been happy to see me go. Then everything
went awry with Herve and it was Elise I called to “clean up” after me.
And then of course I was in her debt, and this was the payment.

So I had somewhat mixed feelings for her. On the one hand she seemed
fragile and almost innocent but on the other I knew she was still with
Demonlover as a mole in the Volk organisation. I remembered what Elaine
had said about her looking forlorn and seeming to miss me, and feeling
guilty about setting me up. Well she was here now, maybe I would find out.

The door closed behind her and she came in and sat down on the same
chair that Elaine had sat on three months previously. She had the rubber
mask in her hands and she seemed preoccupied with it; I waited for her
to say something. She was still a pretty thing, short blonde hair, nice
clean complexion and a firm young body. Then she looked up at me.

“Diane, you know I never thought it would end up like this. If I said
I was sorry it had, I don’t expect you would believe me. Karen of course
is quite content at your demise, and Elaine too, but well, you never did
me any harm. When I took you out to the chateau to be drugged, well that
was just orders, I didn’t realise they would mess with you so much. And
the trip to Mexico, that was Edward’s idea, he pretty much runs Hellfire.
I genuinely thought they would give you the shock treatment for a few days
and then scare you away, so you wouldn’t trouble them again, after all,
you knew a lot and were a threat to them. But, well, I didn’t think they
would keep you like this for so long.”

She opened a packet of cigarettes and offered me one; I waggled my tethered
arms and said.

“I’ve given up anyway, they don’t allow it here. Well I guess some good
came out of all this.” I looked at her wryly. “So have you come to gloat
too? Come to see me close up to make sure they haven’t killed me off yet?”
She looked a little hurt at my stinging comments, and that pleased me.

“No, no I haven’t. As I said I came to explain my…….feelings.”

“Well you sure took your time over it. I’ve been here for six months
now.”

“Yes, I know. I’ve been watching you on the site. Karen enjoys watching
you, but I can’t watch too much, seeing you beaten and then blowing those
guys or getting it in the ass. Look I’m sorry, I really am. Does it really
hurt; do these men hold back at all, how much of this is faked? The rubber
suit must protect you a bit.”

“My, that’s a lot of questions. Why all of a sudden the interest? Getting
a guilty conscience?” She looked rather sheepish at this shot of mine.
“The suit helps a bit, but believe me very little is faked. Don’t you have
any imagination? I’m just a piece of meat now, which has to be tenderised
fairly frequently! Under this suit I’m bruised and red, and being suffocated
and mummified can be quite frightening, although I don’t think they want
to kill me off…..yet. I’m too valuable for them alive.”

She nodded, confirming what Elaine had said; I was a nice little money
earner for them. Then she started to look at me more closely.

“You will probably hate me for saying this but you do look great in
that suit, it looks as if it was painted on you.”

“Yeah, the suits are fine, I’m used to them now, the rubber does give
me some protection, and with the mask on, well, I prefer the anonymity
really. The body and the mind do adapt, I’ve actually had an orgasm while
being filmed through there. I won’t say I have associated pain with pleasure
but the fact is, if you are doomed to this life you try and take some pleasure
where you can. Don’t feel sorry for me Elise, I don’t want your pity. Why
don’t you go back to your comfortable life and leave me to mine, whatever
that is. I’ll survive, well, for as long as they want me to, I suppose.”

She did look genuinely sorry, for me or herself for getting me into
this, I don’t know.

“Well, there doesn’t seem to be anything I can say to make you believe
I am genuinely sorry for the way it has worked out.”

“Yeah, well, words are cheap Elise, try some actions!” I threw out this
challenge just for the hell of it. She seemed to think on this

“Can I get you anything?” she said somewhat sadly.

“Like what, some books, knitting, how about, let me see…….freedom! What
chance is there that I will ever get out of this, eh? No, I’ll be here
until I’m forty, or until they find someone better or younger? I’ve quite
a life to look forward to here, wrapped in rubber (which is not too bad
at all really) tied up and beaten and invaded in all my orifices. Look
I have a performance in a few minutes which no doubt you will watch and
enjoy (here she shook her head) so put on my mask and you can go.” I stood
and she tentatively approached, spread out the mask and as I dipped my
head she pulled it over me, running her palms over my head and smoothing
it out. Then she zipped it down to my collar.

Then she did something that surprised me and something I didn’t find
unpleasant. She ran her hands slowly over my suit, starting at my shoulders,
down my chest, then my waist and my buttocks and thighs. It was very strange
as she did this in almost an asexual way, as if feeling the rubber rather
than me inside it. She was almost innocent in her movements and yet I couldn’t
help but shiver a little. She stared at me and placed her hand on my rubber-covered
cheek, gave me a sad smile and turned to the door. In bravado I said.

“Got your jollies, did you? A nice free feel?” She turned as the minder
came in.

“I didn’t see you fighting me off. Bye Diane, I will see you again.”

She was right, as she walked away, I realised that I didn’t fight her
off….because that was the first tender moment I had had with another human
being for over six months, and I wanted more. After all we are only human.

As I was led away by my minder away for my next endurance test, I began
to kick myself for being so short with her. Maybe she did feel guilty and
wanted to make some reparations, and I of course snubbed her. I had good
reason to, but even under these circumstances it is probably stupid to
turn away from an olive branch, however late it is offered.

I then hoped she meant what she had said about seeing me again. I thought
about this as they led me down the corridor, yes, I would like to see her
again

**Chapter Four**

My routine continued for the next couple of weeks, I was Zora again
and my other roles diminished for the time being. And then things took
another turn. One afternoon I was led to my usual dungeon room. I was suited
and masked as usual, but with a new suit, this one with cut-outs for my
breasts which were squeezed and pushed out provocatively with the nipple
rings shining in the bright lights.

As I entered I was surprised to see another woman in the room. She was
about my size and also dressed in latex from head to foot. The suit had
red and white diamond shapes like a harlequin and she was fully masked
with a white helmet and red surrounding her mouth and eyes. She looked
quite stunning for she had a fine figure and was wearing high-heeled ankle
boots in red leather.

She had a leather paddle in one hand and she pointed it at the vaulting
horse. My minders quickly bent me over the horse and strapped me down;
my legs were stretched wide and my latex covered rear felt very vulnerable.
Obviously she wasn’t a new captive for she was doing the ordering around.
Maybe the scenario requested by a client was that she was some other super
spy and was my nemesis. It didn’t really matter to me, the end result would
be the same; I was to be taught another lesson!

What was interesting was that she dismissed the two minders and so we
were left together. I knew better than to say anything and I could hardly
move at all. She took her time, walking around me, checking the straps.
The cameras and the microphones were obviously on but she said nothing
as I lay on the horse in front of her, the sacrificial lamb. She moved
her hands over me in a sensual way that I did not find unpleasant at all,
but I knew what was coming.

Then she laid into me with the paddle on my cheeks and thighs. I am
pretty used to this and it was no worse than I had had before, but after
ten minutes or so she stopped and knocked on the door. As I was taking
a breather, the minders released me and then took me to the St.Andrews
cross and proceeded to strap me spread-eagled to it. My arms and legs were
stretched out in an X shape and straps attached at ankles, calves, thighs,
waist, under my bare breasts and along my arms. When finished the minders
left and I was left with Harlequin (for that is what I had chosen to call
her) again.

She approached me; I tried to look through the eyes of my mask into
hers but could detect nothing behind her clear lenses. Again she laid her
hands over me, feeling my thighs and then my bare breasts and then she
rubbed her fingers over my covered pussy. This was certainly strange, I
found it very arousing, despite my powerless position, or maybe because
of it. This had never happened to me before either while I was here as
their captive or before with another woman and this woman was really quite
skilled. As I began to become aroused however she stopped, and then proceeded
to paddle my exposed breasts and my erect nipples.

I tried not to yell through the pain but just groaned. Then she unzipped
my crotch zip and as I was so stretched out my pussy popped out like a
flower under the sun. She stopped paddling my breasts; they were red now
and on fire. She leaned against me and I felt a rubber covered finger move
up and down my labia and then slide in, finding my bud. Then her lips,
pushed out slightly by the tight mask she had on, were on mine. Her tongue
briefly explored my mouth and I reciprocated, I did not have any idea what
was going on. Her fingers were expert in their attentions and I could feel
my moisture down there. My breasts and my cheeks were still sore but I
seemed to be in another world now.

But she wasn’t finished. She squatted down between my legs and I held
my breath as I felt her warm wet tongue run up and down my moist slit,
and then she moved inside. No one had ever pushed my buttons like that.
I knew we were being filmed and we were going out over the net but I didn’t
care, I had been a captive now for over six months and this was a moment
when I was able to gain some simple pleasure and I was not going to miss
it. After I had come (twice) she stood up and took a nipple ring between
a finger and thumb of each hand. With a smile she twisted them and I yelped.
Quickly however she clamped her lips over mine, stifling my cries. I could
taste my cum on her lips as she ground into me. The pain and the pleasure
were an intoxicating mix. She stood back, took a long look at me then turned
and left. The minders came in and I was returned to my quarters, my session
over for the day.

I was perplexed at this turn of events. Someone must have requested
Zora be “assaulted’ like this, but where did they get Harlequin from, and
who was she? She was certainly talented at the arts of Sapphic love but
also she was no slouch at being a domina. Life was beginning to get better,
of course I was still a prisoner but even in captivity there are degrees
of pain and pleasure.

A couple of days later we were to meet again, in another scenario with
a twist. This time I was stretched backwards on the horse, again wearing
my suit with breast cutouts. The legs of the horse had been lowered and
my head (facing upwards) and exposed labia were conveniently at the height
of her crotch. She again dismissed the minders and began by smoothing her
hands over my supine frame.

She paddled, not too hard, my boobs and then slid a thumb inside my
pussy and rubbed my bud. Two fingers meanwhile eased inside my rear, I
tried to clench my cheeks but she simply ran her fingers in a circle against
my sphincter and then eased them in. Then she leant over and pressed her
lips against mine, and I opened my mouth to accept her amorous assault.

As soon as I had come she moved to the head of the horse and stood behind
me. She spread her legs and moved forwards, unzipping her crotch zip. Moving
further forward she was now over my head and she slowly settled down. I
was engulfed in her perfume, her moist passage rested firmly on the mouthpiece
of my mask and her ass cheeks spread to settle on my face, my nose now
embedded between her cheeks. I felt her fingers play with my nipples as
I tried to satisfy her and breathe at the same time, not an easy thing
to do, but she raised herself at intervals to show her consideration! I
was pleased to see that after a while I was able to make her come and she
rewarded me with a twist of each nipple ring. Coolly she got up, patted
my head like a good dog and left.

These sessions for the benefit of the website customers continued for
a several weeks. While she was cruel and did cause me pain, which I’m sure
she was supposed to do, I did get pleasure out of them as well. A couple
of times she would strap herself into a strap-on dildo (once using a double
ended one) and screw me. Even though I was usually in some form of bondage
and was sore from some sort of beating, I learned that this was a pleasure
I should enjoy for as long as it would last.

We never spoke and it was as if we were just a pair of actors who meet
to play out two roles and then move on. But I did not want her to leave;
she was keeping me as sane as I could be in the crazy world I had been
thrust into (or I suppose on reflection what I had actually volunteered
for). It was the strangest thing to admit, but I got to look forward to
the sessions with her.

And then I got another visit from Elise.

**Chapter Five**

I was almost prepared for another scene, hoping it would involve Harlequin.
I was already in my suit, this one covering my breasts, and I was about
to place the cuffs on behind me. They would bring in my mask and put it
on me. And Elise walked in, closing the door behind her. She was dressed
in street clothes, a short patterned dress and slip on shoes and she had
a large bag over her shoulder and my mask in her hand. She looked clean
and fresh, but a little excited.

“What do you…….”

“Just shut up and listen.” She said and came over to where I was standing
by the bed. She stood very close to me and spoke quietly.

“Get the suit off. Are you listening? Get the suit off.” I just stared
at her dumbly.

“Look, what’s going on? Is this some sort of joke?” She gripped my arms
in her deceptively strong hands and looked me in the eye.

“Do you want to get out of here?” I just stared at her.

“Well do you? Because this may be your only chance, so you had better
smarten up. Now, for the last time get the suit off.” She roughly turned
me round and pulled down the zip and as I extricated myself from the tight
rubber Elise began to undress herself. She stepped out of the dress and
then without any sign of coyness, her small panties and bra. We both stood
naked staring at each other. She saw the bruises on my wrists and ankles
and the red and blue areas on my cheeks, thighs and breasts. She seemed
to be in thought for a moment.

“Stupid question I suppose, but do they hurt?”

“Not too badly at the moment, just a dull ache really. But if I get
another good paddling again then yes, it does hurt.”

“I am sorry Diane, I really am.”

She went to the bathroom and came back with some talc, which she rubbed
all over herself. She grabbed the suit and said.

“Help me get into this. Hurry!” I still stood watching her.

“What, are you crazy, you’re going to wear my suit and pass yourself..…why
would…..” She appeared to be losing her patience with me.

“Okay, would you rather you stayed here? Yes? Maybe for the rest of
your life, eh?” As she pulled on the suit, and I began to help her, still
flummoxed, she continued.

“I think you have suffered enough Diane, they’ve had their revenge on
you, and more, so it’s time you got back to the real world. This is the
only way I can think of.”

“I appreciate this Elise, but do you have any idea what you are letting
yourself in for, substituting yourself for me. You could end up here forever
too! Why are you doing this?”

“I don’t know, guilt maybe or some other feeling.” She looked at me
strangely. “And I do know what I am getting into; remember I’ve watched
you on the net! Okay, zip me up. Good. Now get my clothes on, quick.” I
slipped into her bra and panties, still warm from her body, and a good
fit. Then I stepped into her dress, and her shoes. We were a similar size
but it felt strange dressed like this. Although I realised that Elise had
made a huge, possibly life-changing decision, I knew now that I couldn’t
miss on this chance. She looked superb in the tight black latex and gave
a grim smile as she said.

“In my bag here are a change of clothes, quite a bit of money, your
credit card and your passport, which we kept after you came back from the
U.S. I’ve also left a couple of personal things in there you may find interesting.”
She smiled. “Outside is your car, we had it kept at a garage, I don’t know
why. Your laptop is in the trunk. There’s no one else upstairs, once the
minders take Zora, me, away to the room, wait a couple of minutes and then
get the hell out of here. Drive as far as you can, I would suggest Lugano,
and clear your account out, no one else can touch it, remember. Then find
a place and get on with your life. They won’t come after you, they’ll make
do with me for now, just to teach me a lesson they may make it hard for
a while, then, probably,” here she smiled, “probably, they’ll find another
girl to be Zora, God knows, there are thousands out there. They won’t worry
about you, they know you won’t want to give them any more trouble, and
me, I’m on the way out anyway, overstayed my welcome.” She slipped the
cuffs behind her back and I heard the click as she locked them on. She
smiled ruefully.

“Too late to change my mind now. Put the mask on me, come on.” I did
so, she dipped her head and gave me a wry smile as I pulled it over her
blonde hair and zipped it down the back. Despite the situation I thought
she looked really sexy like that, so vulnerable, but my heart had mixed
feelings. For how long would she be the new “Zora”?

“In my bag there is my personal email address, no one else knows it.
If, when, you find a place, I’d like you to email me and tell me you are
safe. You don’t have to tell me where you are, but I’d like to know anyway.
I may be here for a while.” She smiled ruefully. “You know this latex is
pretty flattering isn’t it? I could really get into it….so to speak. How
about a sisterly kiss goodbye?”

I took her in my arms, the rubber of her suit now warmed by her body.

“I don’t know how to thank you.” I said and she smiled.

“You’re not out of here yet, so maybe we should leave that until later.”
She leaned into me and I kissed her through the mask.

There was something familiar about the lips, the tongue…….I stood back,
shocked. She smiled.

“But you’re…..oh my God…..you’re Harlequin!” She laughed, in her predicament,
she actually laughed!

“Got you there, didn’t I? One of the clients had a particular “request”
and I heard about it through Karen, and how do you say, I volunteered.
They were quite happy with it; it meant they didn’t have to find another
girl. And frankly so was I. I enjoyed our little sessions very much. You
have a very good tongue and a certain……aroma I like. I hope I didn’t hurt
you too much, but it had to be for real. Now get into the bathroom and
hide there. We haven’t got any more time to talk. I hope we can meet again,
Diane, but it may be some time before we do, I suppose. It’s really up
to you; and my masters here of course.” I was too stunned to argue I kissed
her again on her rubber covered cheek and hid in the bathroom, turning
one last time to see her stand up by the bed. I heard her shout.

“She’s ready to take away now, I’m in the bathroom and I’ll be out in
a couple of minutes.” I heard the door open and then the minders take Elise
away to her fate, a fate that she had truly volunteered for, to save me!

I stood there stunned for a few seconds, I couldn’t understand why Elise
would give up her freedom to give me mine. It wasn’t just guilt, I knew
that. She said she had volunteered to be my domina and I remembered her
“ministrations” on my body as we “acted” out the scene. I remembered how
she had helped me out of my drugged state after they had taken me to the
chateau. She had her job to do when ferrying me to the U.S. and back but
now it seemed that she had seen me suffer enough. Certainly, I reflected,
she had a very talented tongue and knew very well how to please me. As
I dwelt on that I realised that I did want to see her again - but under
different circumstances.

**Epilogue**

I allowed them a minute or so to take Elise away; to what fate I now
had a pretty good idea. I looked around the room; I wouldn’t be missing
this place that was for sure. I opened the closet and saw the three remaining
rubber suits, and thought, what the Hell! I grabbed them all, rolled them
up and put them in Elise’s bag. Then I thought why stop there? So I added
a couple of the black masks!

I ran as fast and silently as I could upstairs and out the front door,
and parked outside was my dear Mercedes. The keys were in the ignition
and I threw the bag on the passenger seat. I didn’t know if they would
hear the engine, but didn’t wait to find out. I tore down the drive and
out into the traffic. I had no idea where I was but soon came to a small
town. Elise had left a map on the seat and I soon found out where I had
been held for the last nine months. I was northeast of Paris and a long
drive from Switzerland, but I was not tired, the adrenalin was coursing
through my veins.

I drove and drove, stopping only to fill up the tank and eat. I finally
arrived in Lugano late at night; passing through the frontier was no problem.
I found an auberge and settled in. I opened her bag and what should I find
at the bottom but her Harlequin suit and mask! I was still a bit hyped
up, and so in her honour – and because I could not resist it, I slipped
into it. I had no talc, so it took a while but soon I was in its warm comforting
clinging grip. As I ran my hands over my body I felt a wonderful calm pass
over me, and then I thought of Elise and what we could do if she were here
now. Once the mask was pulled on I fell asleep like a child, a child with
very naughty fantasies!

I slept until 10 am the next day. Through the night in the car I had
decided that I wanted to move, and to stay, in the south of France as I
knew it well. I knew a bank there and would transfer all my funds there,
it was a substantial sum. This went without incident; Swiss bankers are
the soul of discretion. I had to buy black stockings and a long sleeved
blouse first though, as the marks on my wrists and ankles might have caused
alarm.

I stayed for a couple of days, and then decided to waste no more time
but to go south. I did this leisurely; freedom is something we all take
for granted, and just driving through France is one of the great joys of
life. Although I was happy, almost delirious at my freedom I knew how it
had been gained and I couldn’t get Elise out of my mind. What was she enduring
now, so that I should have this freedom? It wasn’t just guilt that I felt
but, truth be told, a good bit of lust too! I thought of her in her Harlequin’s
suit and as she was taken away, the black latex suit that I had worn before
her. She had a great body all right – and great skills too.

Within two weeks I had found a place I could call home, just outside
Avignon, a small house off the beaten track, but nicely modernised and
a short drive to the town. Within six weeks I had moved in. during this
time the bank where I had placed my funds were looking for a manager of
private banking. I thought I’d give it a try and much to my own surprise
got the job. So my life had now turned full circle. I had to chuckle. Corporate
spy to an executive position in a bank – which kept all my own money –
via being a rubber play doll!

So I was happy with my new life, except for one thing, Elise. Every
few days I would click onto the Hellfire Club site, in the hope that I
could detect a change in the shape of Zora. I had left a message on her
private email with my new address, and had no reply so I had assumed that
the folks at Demonlover and Hellfire had decided she needed more of a lesson.

The minders seemed to be taking this a little more personally and she
had been wrung through the wringer a few times. Her pussy was now bald
like mine and her pussy and nipples were now ringed just like mine. On
one occasion she was forced to entertain three minders and was impaled
by all three at the same time; and the paddlings continued throughout.
As the weeks went by I began to feel worse and worse about the whole exchange
episode, but there was really nothing I could do. Sending in the cops to
the chateau would only bring them down on me, and probably Elise as well.
They had too many contacts, and would probably get a warning when the raid
was to happen. No, now it became a waiting game.

I began to make friends at the bank and through other contacts, but
I kept pretty much to myself. In the evenings I would sometimes slip on
one of the rubber suits, a black one or Elise’s harlequin one. Once in
their firm embrace I felt calmer and more at ease. At least something good
had come out of my time with Hellfire. I had truly got to enjoy the comforting
grip of the latex and through a fetish magazine I bought more clothes by
mail. At work I would sometimes wear latex panties and bra under my street
clothes. If only they knew, I thought. I did not have my rings removed,
I decided they were my penance, and would not remove them until my “saviour”
was released, or maybe never.

And I would continue to watch the Hellfire site and Elise being punished
and abused by her minders.

Then one Saturday afternoon I was out in the back garden sunning myself
and wearing just my white latex panties and bra. It was hot and I could
feel the sweat trapped inside the panties. Suddenly I felt someone was
astride me, sitting on my stomach with their knees holding down my arms.
A hand was placed over my eyes, keeping my head firmly pressed back. My
God, I thought, I’m going to be raped, or is it the thugs from Demonlover
come to wreak more revenge. I opened my mouth to scream but a large rubber
bladder was pushed into it and rubber straps pulled over my head. Then
it was pumped up viciously until my cheeks were pushed out like a chipmunk.
I tried to wriggle my legs and lower body but it was no good. Swiftly a
blindfold was slipped over my eyes. I was starting to panic in a big way
as I was quickly turned over on my towel and handcuffs soon gripped my
wrists behind me. I was sure it was the Demonlover thugs come to take me
back, and maybe to join Elise.

I was led back into my house struggling to no avail, and then taken
upstairs and thrown onto my bed. Quickly my ankles were stretched wide
and cuffed to the bottom of the bed, then my cuffs were released and my
arms stretched out above my head. Now they were going to rape me I thought;
I was naked, except for my rubber panties and bra and barely able to move.
But nothing happened for a few minutes; maybe they were calling their boss.

I just lay there in a sweat, the gag feeling huge in my mouth. Then
I felt the bed creak as someone sat next to me. I felt a smooth hand on
my thigh, it was covered in leather perhaps, no, it was latex. It roamed
up my thigh and then another was on my breast, coaxing the nipple, which
quickly went hard. This was ridiculous, I was being raped, well, slowly,
and getting turned on. The bastard continued to play with me, a hand went
down inside my panties and found my nub, squeezing and rubbing it. I began
to moan into the gag. Then the gag was deflated and the straps pulled over
my head and the gag withdrawn; I was about to scream when a wet mouth clamped
down on mine.

Now wait a minute, I thought; then my blindfold was pulled off and I
was staring up at the harlequin!

“Hi there, got yourself in a bit of a pickle, haven’t you?” I could
see her smile behind her mask.

“Elise, you bast…....” She clamped her lips on mine and I felt her fingers
and thumb do their work inside my panties. I tried to wriggle, but it was
now in pleasure, this was a trap I didn’t want to escape from!

“Miss me?”

“What do you think? Elise, I saw what they did to you, I’m so sorry,
really.” She gripped my rubber covered nipple in her teeth and bit me just
a little too hard. I winced.

“That’s all over now Diane. We both had our fair share, I’d say. And
remember, we both volunteered!” She smiled down at me, enjoying my powerlessness.
And I was enjoying my powerlessness too! This dominant, yet seemingly innocent
woman, who looked about 18, knew just how to play with me. Then she released
my ankles but left my arms cuffed above me. She prised down my wet panties.

“Aren’t you going to release my arms?”

“Hey, quiet, or else I’ll have to gag you with these; mind you I’d like
to do that, just to hear you moan.” Then she lowered her rubber-covered
head to my crotch and licked and probed with her tongue.

When she had finished with her tongue and then with her double ended
strap-on dildo, even when released I could hardly move.

We now live here together; Elise has a job in town as well. On the outside
it’s all very respectable. But then the locals have absolutely no idea
what we get up to when together. What’s past is past; we have no hard feelings
or recriminations for each other. We are survivors, both of us, and if
it hadn’t been for Demonlover or Hellfire then maybe we wouldn’t be here
like this today. This is the best time of my life and I think hers. We
both play the dom and the sub and we have expanded our wardrobe.

The high finance and industrial world has no appeal for either of us
now. We get up to all kinds of perverted things together and we have never
felt better for it. It’s a strange old world; I’ve been down some odd side
roads and made strange decisions, or had them made for me, at crossroads.
But this is as good as it can be, and after what I have been through, believe
me I do appreciate it!
