---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Forced Impressions
authors:
- Wanda
tags:
- Sbf
- naked
- hotel
- cuffs
- gag
- chain
- submission
- denial
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-10 00:00:00
---

Comments are welcomed

This story took place a few months ago in Miami. I won't reveal my name
but I will say that I am of Hispanic heritage, born in Beaverton, Oregon.
I'm 5-7, 120 lbs, I have long black hair, I love to keep in shape, and
I'm 22 years old.

I moved to Miami after Kara, one of my closest friends, helped me get
a job with a local law firm. I had been looking for a job for the last
3 months so I was more than happy with the entry-level position I got.
The pay was good, the city was nice and I was finally going to be on my
own.

But moving on my own also meant changing my way of being. I had always
been somewhat shy and conservative, a miss-goody-two-shoes in Beaverton,
but I was determined to shed that image in this city. But how do I throw
away 22 years of conservative upbringing? Easy, I told myself, I'll force
myself into changing, and a few days after I arrived to Miami I had devised
a fool-proof plan to do just that.

It was the Saturday before my debut at my job and part of my plan was
to convince my friend Kara to do some shopping for me. I took her to lunch
and I asked her to buy a business dress for me. Nothing too wild and definitely
nothing conservative. "Something not too sluttish, but sexy enough to make
a statement". She was a couple of years older than me, worked as a fashion
consultant, and had been incredibly helpful so I knew I could count on
her

We called it the "surprise dress", but of course it wasn't just a dress,
it was everything else as well (from accessories to lingerie to shoes).

Kara was intrigued but accepted. I figured she would need a couple of
hours so after lunch I left her at the mall with my measurements and my
credit card, and I drove alone to a local sex shop to buy the other items
I needed. The guys at the counter helped me choose a pair of police handcuffs,
a leather collar with O ring in the front, a small chain, and 2 small locks.
Despite my shyness and my inhibitions, I had always liked bondage and had
even seen a few bondage videos by myself and hundreds of pictures, in fact
it was one of my hidden fantasies.

At the shop I also saw a ballgag and I figured I would get one just
in case. Bright red, just like in those pictures on the internet, I told
myself.

I met Kara again a couple of hours later. She handed me the bags with
a big smile in her face and we drove to her house. It had been a very productive
day.

Sunday came and I woke up late. I got up, took a relaxing shower, and
concentrated on other things for most of the day.

After an early dinner I gathered all my stuff and headed out to complete
my plan. It was a beautiful night and I wore an old sun dress and old sandals.
In my purse I carried the handcuffs, my makeup kit, and in my hands I carried
the suit bag and the shoe box with my underwear, shoes, and accessories.

Except for my apartment key, I left everything else in my apartment:
my cell phone, my car keys, even my IDs. I was taking only enough cash
to take a cab to the hotel and rent a room. I didn't even need money for
the ride back or for food, I was planning on asking someone at work to
bring me home and to feed me as well.

"Take me to the hotel closest to here", I told the cab driver as I handed
him a paper with the address.

The hotel was only a few blocks away from the firm’s office in Coral
Gables. I checked in at 7 PM and told the front desk people that I would
only be staying for one night and that I would pay up front with cash.
I also told them I had an unusual request: I needed a member of the staff
to slip this envelope under my door at exactly 7:15 am.

I had bought a greeting card and taped the keys on the inside cover
of the card so they wouldn't show even under close inspection.

"Miss, I will personally deliver this envelope before my shift ends
tomorrow morning", the guy at the counter said writing the room number
on the envelope.

"Please make sure", I told him as I gave him a $20 also. Then I proceeded
to my room.

I entered my room, put the "do not disturb" sign, and locked it. I was
alone. I took a deep breath and proceeded with my plan. I took off my sun
dress, my underwear, and my sandals, then pulled a pair of scissors from
my bag and began cutting everything up into unusable pieces of cloth and
plastic.

I threw everything in the trash, took my restrains, and pondered my
fate. I could still open the "surprise dress", put it on and take a cab
home.

Strangely I began liking my situation, I knew I had to restrain myself
before I got any more turned on or got any more ideas about escaping. I
put on the collar and locked one end of the chain to the O ring in the
collar. I had decided that I would lock myself to the ball knob of the
door handle. I made a tight circle with the chain around the thin part
of the ball knob, took a deep breath, and locked the chain.

Obviously I was still able to undo the collar buckle around my neck
so I knew I could still get away... but I was determined to finish this.
I kneeled on the cold tile, grabbed the ballgag, and began examining it.
This was something that I had never used and I hadn't planned for. Something
within me had compelled me to buy it at the store, and now that something
was urging me to put it on. I had seen pictures of countless women being
reduced to simple objects just by wearing things like this.

"How bad could it be", I thought to myself. I put the bright red ball
as far in my mouth as if would go, and then buckled it behind my head pulling
the straps tight. It was a little uncomfortable and I wondered if I could
take a few hours of this. I ignored my own complains and proceeded with
my plan before common sense settled in.

Next I took the heavy silver handcuffs. I placed the first cuff on my
left wrist and locked it, and then placing my hands behind my back I locked
the right wrist.

It was now done. I had nowhere to go and all I could do was accept my
self-bondage.

Pretty soon I realized that I had forgotten to close the window curtains
and that everyone on the building across the street would have a good view
of my predicament. But that was the least of my worries. I tried to put
that thought out of my mind and concentrated on sleeping. It was only 8
PM, and the night was long and merciless and it had other plans for me.

The first half hour I actually enjoyed myself. I had tried self-bondage
once before in Beaverton, but it was never this serious. The thought of
it had always been a huge turn-on for me.

For the next hour there was a lot of movement outside my room. People
coming and going. Couples talking, kids running. It made me wonder what
they would think if they could only see through the door.

After only a couple of hours the people traffic on the hall had almost
ceased and my situation had degraded considerably. The ballgag had definitely
not been a good idea. The taste was awful and I was drooling a lot. I could
barely swallow. I stood up to stretch out, but the chain was short and
it kept me pretty much in my place. I soon realized that it would be best
to keep my weight out of my hands. The handcuffs had closed a couple of
clicks after a leaned against the wall and I knew the pain would get worse
if the cuffs closed any further, so I kneeled submissively in front of
the door.

By the third hour the air conditioning coming from under the door had
become unbearable. My knees were sore, my wrists hurt, my jaw was aching,
and my entire body was cold and shivering. The drool on my chest and body
made the cold even more painful. I began crying loudly, but had to stop
my sobbing after I hear someone come to my door, probably a good samaritan
checking to see what was going on. Luckily he didn't knock but I could
see his shoes under the door right in front of me.

After kneeling for some 4 hours I decided to lay flat on my stomach
using my breasts to cushion my body. At least I wouldn't choke on my drool.
Again I began sobbing quietly and not so long after that I cried myself
asleep.

Sometime during the night I woke up and began tugging against my bonds.
This had become a nightmare. The couple next door had been making enough
noise to wake everyone on the floor. It was driving me wild. Despite my
situation I felt even more turned on than before. I tried rubbing my legs
together but it was impossible, I needed more than that to get off. The
couple stopped some 20 minutes later. After that I literally collapsed
from fatigue and pure frustration.

The sun shone in my face and my eyes slowly opened. The sun in my face
and the tears in my eyes had blinded me for a few moments and I woke up
shivering and sore all over. Dry tears in my cheeks, drool in my chest
and all over the floor. The pain was too much. I began moaning as I moved.
I felt rusted and couldn't stand up. My vision returned and I could hardly
turn my head to look at the time. The clock on the night table said 7:30
AM and I began wondering if the guy at the reception had forgotten to deliver
my envelope, but I felt relieved to see the envelope inside the room.

Of course that wasn't the end of it.

A few minutes passed before I had regained enough movement to reach
the envelope. I got the keys, undid my handcuffs first, and then my leash.
The gag popped out of my mouth when I unbuckled the straps. A string of
drool followed it. If not for the gag I think I would have more pleasant
experience, but at least it kept me from calling for help.

A few minutes later, while in the hot tub, the constant tingling between
my legs overtook the pain and my hands found my wet and hot pussy and I
exploded loudly the biggest orgasm I've ever had. I came twice more before
remembering that I still had to go to work.

If my prolonged self-bondage had driven me wild, then I was sure my
"mystery suit" would drive me over the edge. It bordered the provocatively
professional and the bluntly sluttish. It was a light gray, mini-skirted
business suit with a very small white blouse to show plenty of cleavage,
a small jacket that closed only with a button near the belly so I wouldn't
cover up, black 5-inch pumps to torture me all day, bright red bra to keep
everyone’s eyes on me, and red see-through panties to keep me in my best
behavior. Kara really outdid herself picking my suit. I had the handcuffs
and the ballgag and the other things in my purse but it felt like I was still wearing them on the way to the office.

I finally met my new boss and a few minutes later I was paraded through
the entire company like a new toy. Everyone's eyes were on me. I felt naked
and dominated. I loved it. It made me realize just how submissive I really
was.

At the end of the day my boss and practically every male in the floor
(and a couple of women) had offered me a ride to take me home. And when
I finally got home I was this close to asking my ride to come with into
my apartment to finish me off, but I was sure that was going to happen
some day soon, I even kept the gag and the cuffs until that day arrives
;)
