---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Finishing School 8
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- F+/m
- latex
- bagged
- fem
- cons
- X
---

**Part Eight**

After
the endeavours of the afternoon and evening I was hungry and very tired. I went
to the dining room and it was empty. I passed into the kitchen and it too was
empty but I helped myself to some fruit and a glass of milk and sat down on my
own in the dining room. I felt a bit lonely, I had to admit, after all the
excitement of the day. I was hot, sweaty and I needed a shower and some sleep.
But just then a voice cheered me up.

“A
beautiful girl all dressed up in rubber gear eating alone – doesn’t seem
right.” I looked up and there was Emma with a broad smile on her face.

“Need
some company, I’ve missed you, have you missed me?”

“Actually,
yes I have, please sit. Can I get you….”

“No,
I’m fine, so how did it go with Pet?” She sat close to me and I was truly
happy to see her again. She looked as if she was ready for bed for she wore
loose pyjamas of thin yellow rubber, with frills at neck, wrists and ankles. She
looked very cute and almost innocent, which I knew she wasn’t!

“It
went great, we had a super time. I fed her some candies and she had some water
and we enjoyed the evening sun.” I stopped there and we made eye contact.

“And?
Come of Maxine, I smell something here; I think I know you well enough now.
What’s up?” She placed her arm around me; she was very good at this I had to
admit.

“Nothing,
nothing is up.”

“Oh
dear,” she giggled, “am I going to have to punish you, to get the truth out
of you?”

“Don’t
be silly, nothing happened, really.”

“What
if I said I promise to tell no one else at all if you tell me the truth?”

“Why
would I believe you?”

“Ah
ha, so something did go on, I knew it. Come on, out with it, or I’ll have you
in that inflatable rubber bag in the hall by morning – and you can stay there
all day.”

“I’ll
probably be there anyway, without your help.” I mumbled. I took a deep breath;
I was toast, one way or the other. “All right, here’s what happened.” And
I regaled her with the story, leaving nothing out, including me bringing Pet to
an orgasm in the woods and, I couldn’t believe myself here, leaving them
together in Miss Broads study.

She was
silent for a while, I think trying to believe if I was telling the truth and yet
knowing I couldn’t make this up. Then she smiled and hugged me; it was not
what I was expecting.

“Oh,
you’re so silly, don’t you understand that this is what all of us wanted,
the prefects here have wanted for months; that Miss Broad and Pet would come to
their senses. None of us had the courage to confront them…..but you did,
Maxine, you did and you have only been here a few days. I don’t know what will
come out of it; I suppose we will find out tomorrow. Look I promise I will tell
no one at all of this. We will just see what transpires tomorrow, all right? But
you have to be prepared to take your punishment, we all hope that they can
reconcile but if Miss Broad doesn’t concede, I guess you know you’re in for
it, and none of us can help you.”

“Gee,
thanks Emma, I never thought of that! Of course I know I am on my own here, not
for the first time either.” Emma looked saddened at my outburst.

“Well,
I’m sorry Maxine, but that is the way it is, all right. We all really like you
and Sarah but you went out on a limb there.”

“And
if I hadn’t then Pet would have to carry on her life just as it is now, and
with you lot doing nothing about it at all.” I accused her.

“Touche,
yes, I suppose you are right, so shoot me.” She was hurt I think and I
didn’t want that but it was my neck, or cock, or whatever that was going to
get the punishment. I dismissed it.

“Anyway,
forget it, what’s done is done. No one forced me to do what I did….unlike a
lot of what has been done to me here.” I smiled ironically.

“Look,
I’m really tired, after all the filming with Peter, dumping him off at his
flat, the bondage class and all this with Pet, I’m finished. Could you just
put me to bed now, whatever you have planned for me I don’t care, I really
don’t, I could sleep for 12 hours straight.”

“Gee,
and I had such big plans for tonight!” She smiled and gripped my corseted
waist. “Lighten up Maxine, it’s not the end of the world and yes, all of us
prefects are wimps. I have some ideas for you tonight, nothing too strenuous and
we can go up now if you want.”

“Yes,
I would, thanks.” So we left the dining room, her arm still around me. We
passed Miss Broad’s room and Emma gave me a sneaky smile as we went up the
stairs past some girls chatting in groups. We made it to Emma’s room and she
helped me out of my clothes. This was done in relative silence, I was not really
mad at her, just tired and a little nervous about what might happen in the
morning. She helped me out of the corset and the relief I felt was enormous.
Finally I peeled off my gloves and stockings and without any embarrassment
stepped out of my panties; after all I had nothing to hide from her now.

I did my
ablutions, brushed my teeth and then took a long, very hot shower, still not
quite used to my hairless, smooth body, but getting there. I dried off and
returned to the bedroom, a bit nervous for what she had planned for me.

“You
should be able to relax in this.” She said, pointing to the bed. Laid out was
a tight, black rubber body bag with attached full head mask. It had a single
front double zip extending to the bottom of the neck and narrow single leg. It
was open and I could see two attached sleeves inside. The attached mask had eye,
nose and mouth holes and would have to be entered through the narrow collar in
the bag. Once inside I would be going nowhere! Frankly I was so tired after all
the excitement of the day that I was quite looking forward to snuggling up
inside it and dropping off for the night. I needed no encouragement to sit in
the bag and slide my feet into the single leg. I shivered as the cool rubber
caressed my legs, and I felt a stirring in my groin. Emma saw this and smirked.

“I’ll
have to get you zipped up quickly before you start doing some damage with
that.” And she gently slapped my hardening cock. As I sat upright she brought
the head of the bag up to level with my shoulders and raised it above my head.

“All
ready?” I nodded and I pushed my head through the narrow neck and she adjusted
the tight mask to my features. When satisfied I nodded and said “okay” and
slipped my arms into the attached sleeves, then lay back, my head resting on the
rubber pillow. The open zip extended from just below my crotch to my neck and
Emma placed her hand on my cock, now hard, gently pushing it down and then drew
the double zip up to my neck. I was now very efficiently imprisoned. The rubber
quickly began to warm up as Emma, with a cheeky smile, ran her hands over the
bag.

“You
look and feel like a sleek seal, all sinew and muscle underneath, but so smooth
and sexy on the outside – and so vulnerable down here!” She ran her finger
up and down the outline of my hard cock through the rubber. I groaned with
pleasure and was almost ready to come there and then, but she thankfully
stopped.

“Don’t
want to make a mess; we’ll leave that for later.” I wondered what she meant
but was now so comfortable I was almost drifting off already. It had been quite
a day – all the adventures with the filming of Peter’s demise, the classes
and then with Pet and Miss Broad. Within seconds I was asleep, comfortable in my
rubber womb.

I
don’t know how long I had been asleep but I was roused when I felt hands
rubbing up and down my smooth body bag. I stirred and said something to the
effect of “who’s there?” Then I heard Sarah’s voice.

“Hello,
my rubber lover.” In the moonlight I felt her lie by my side; the bed was
easily wide enough for two. Her head was next to mine and she continued to rub
her hand over my trapped body.

“Emma
said you were a little tired from all your endeavours today, and were stressed
about something between you, Pet and Miss Broad. She wouldn’t tell me what it
was but that it was very important and that she thought you needed some
relaxation. She also said you needed a big reward and could I think of anything.
I said I may be able to come up with something, so…..we decided to change
places for the night. Emma and Peggy trust us implicitly now and know we are not
going to run off; well we aren’t, are we, not yet anyway. So she’s with
Peggy and I, lucky me, I’m with you.”

Then I
felt her move her body straddle mine and lips clamp on mine and we kissed
hungrily, it’s amazing how when you feel tired something can somehow make you
feel very alert again! As we broke for air and she sat back on my chest I saw
she was wearing a sexy little baby doll outfit in bright yellow with short
ruffled sleeves and frills at her bust line. It barely covered her crotch and
she coyly lifted the hem so that I could see matching yellow panties. She looked
good enough to eat, which I’m sure was going through her mind too!

With an
evil grin she swivelled and slid her backside up to my face as she dipped her
head out of sight. I felt the zip being released around my groin and a rush of
cooler air. Then with a giggle I heard.

“Now
then, what do we have here? Mmm, this is a big one, how on earth am I going to
get this into my mou…..mmmmm.” And her warm, moist mouth was on me and her
tongue was rubbing the underside of the shaft. Oh my God, how could I hold on?
She continued to giggle and play; she was having a great time. She withdrew and
then licked the end and then tenderly bit and nibbled. But she knew me too well,
and when I was on the edge she slid her fingers under my balls and pushed hard
against that smooth area between my sac and my arse. I don’t know what they
call it but it worked like a charm and I was stopped from coming.

“Let’s
not rush this, eh rubber lover?” She then returned to pleasuring me with her
mouth. Soon I started to groan.

“Oh
god, please Sarah I’ve got too come….”

“You’re
making too much noise sweetie. I’m going to have to quieten you, I know what;
this should keep you quiet and give you something to concentrate on.” She
laughed and slid her body back over mine until her backside rested on my face.
The panties were gossamer thin and I could immediately feel her pussy lips
against my mouth. I pushed my tongue out and she laughed.

“Mmm,
that’s good, now work away down there and I won’t suffocate you by clamping
my nice rubber buttocks over your face, work hard now, and if you are a good boy
I will give you a reward.” She laughed again and then her lips were over my
cock again.

Her
panties were so thin and flexible I was able to ease them aside with my nose and
tongue and work on her clit, the aroma was intoxicating, a pungent mix of rubber
and Sarah herself. She was now soaked and close to an orgasm, but then rose up.

“Okay,
time for some exercise.” And she turned round to face me again. She
dexterously pulled off her panties and thrust herself down on my cock with a
squeal of delight. She rode my prone figure like a horse, gripping with her
knees and bouncing on the bed. My hands and legs were useless, I was just a
cock! But this did not deter her and she came once and then again, and then
again.

I could
not hold back anymore and started to make quite a bit of noise that seemed to
amuse her. She giggled and then leant over me and before I could close my mouth
she had stuffed her panties in it. Rather than deter me, the taste of her juices
mixed with the rubber made me more aroused, and very shortly I came with a
muffled groan. Then she leant over, withdrew the panties and kissed me tenderly
through my tight mask.

She lay
by my side again for a while, then stretched over to Emma’s bed and pulled off
the rubber sheet, laying it over the both of us. I was so hot now I didn’t
need it but it must have given her some warmth in the cooling night air. We
drifted off to sleep, for a while!

We made
love - or at least she made love to me, for I was still enveloped by the bag and
my contribution was not as much as I would have liked - four more times that
night. I do not consider myself a stud, far from it. I don’t know what it was
though – maybe the fact that I was immobile and completely in her hands that
she was voracious.

She could of course have released me from the
bag, I was only zipped in and there were no locks, but it didn’t seem to cross
either of our minds. We bathed in this novel approach and she loved running her
hands over my rubber-covered body. She faced me; she faced away from me; she lay
on me; she sat on me, with my nose firmly between her bum cheeks as she gave me
precise instructions as to what I was to do with my tongue. She used her mouth,
tongue, teeth, lips, fingers and nails (oooh). We didn’t seem to tire, but
between sessions we snatched naps.

30.05.06

continued in **[part nine](finishing_school9.html)**

**\* \* \***
