---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Thank you Mr.Hawke, where ever you are
authors:
- K.B
tags:
- F/f
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-12 00:00:00
---

8
8
Thank you Mr.Hawke,
where ever you are
by K.B
Thank
you Mr.Hawke, where ever you are. By K.B.
Why hadn’t I been more careful.
I knew I should have buried the files deeper but I never thought she would
pry around my system. I mean, she has her own computer and a dedicated
line, but never once did I think about her line going down. Never. 
No second thoughts, a call at work and a “sure, you can use my system to
log on and check your e-mail”. That was two months ago.

Who is she? She is my aunt.
Thirty eight years old, never married, not really a knockout but she is
attractive. She has always been like a big sister. Always there for me.
Always listening to my hopes and my dreams. Taking me in towards the end
of college about three years ago so I could save some money to get on my
feet after graduation and that dream of the perfect career. I shared everything
with her. Well almost. Guess that is why I am here.

Four weeks ago, Beth (my
aunt), told me not to plan anything for the weekend. She had something
special planned for us. Being the wonderful niece that I am, what was I
going to do. Beth picked me about 4:30 and we headed home. I asked her
what was up and she said that she would tell me when we got home. Upon
our arrival, she told me to go get showered and to put on my black sleeveless
blouse and knee length skirt. Without hesitation I hit the shower. After
my shower I  began to dress, and thinking we would be going out, I
put on my black push-up bra, my newest black G-string thong, my black stockings
and garter, and the skirt and blouse that Beth had instructed me to wear.

When I came out of my bedroom
and into the kitchen I was taken aback. Beth was finishing up a pot of
spaghetti and had the table set for us. Even more confusing to me was the
bottle of wine. I had never seen Beth drink a drop of alcohol. I asked
her what was up and her reply was a simple “This a special evening for
you Katy, please have a seat.” I sat down at the table and asked Beth again
what was up. She just smiled and said “Pour us each a glass of wine, relax,
and enjoy the dinner.” During dinner, my curiosity was driving me nuts.

After dinner, Beth cleaned
up the table, refilled our wine glasses and asked me to follow her into
the den. She sat me down on the couch and handed me a card. Smiling, she
told me not to open the card, that she had some gifts for me also. Returning
from her bedroom to the den several times, she carted in many packages.
When she was through she sat down next to me and stated “Katy, you know
how much I love you and that I would never hurt you, but you have been
keeping a secret from me. Tonight, our lives will change forever. When
you open that card and see what is in it, there will be no more secrets
between us and we will explore this together if you agree. And I really
want you to do this with me. I could not stand it if you were hurt by someone
who didn’t care about you and your secret could in fact get you hurt by
the wrong person.”

Not knowing what to say I
opened the card. Inside it read “Katy, the day I used your computer, I
learned a secret of yours by accident, at first I was angry, but then I
began to think how personal this was to you and how much you must like
it based on the number of websites you had bookmarked and the number of
photos you had saved. Do not be ashamed. Since you have been living with
me you have hardly dated and you don’t go out with friends very much, so
I know that this is not something you have been doing, other then maybe
locked in your room alone, which explains the toy handcuffs and bandanas
in you lingerie drawer. Do not be afraid, I still love you just the same,
but… I do not want you to get hurt.  Love,    Aunt
Beth”

OH NO!!! I gasped, tears
starting to build up in my eyes.

“Katy, don’t cry or be upset,
I know now and I have these gifts for you. But there is one catch, if you
agree, you can only use them or should I say, they can only be used with
and by me.” I sat there not knowing what to say. My deepest secret out
in the open. The secret I shared with no one was now out. With trembling
hands I reached out to Beth and wrapped my arms around her and held on
what seemed like forever.

After catching my breath
and regaining my composure as best I could. I asked Beth what was in the
packages. Her reply was a funny “My entire tax refund and a few skipped
lunches, I hope we will enjoy them” I slowly began to open package after
package. I was like a child in a candy store. There were gags, clamps,
restraints, harnesses, paddles, whips, plugs, and more of each. She must
have spent a thousand dollars!!!!

Then, it came to me, she
said only with her, “Beth, I am not a lesbian, that would be incest if
we…” she cut me off. 
“No, No, my darling , there
will be no sex between us. Never. Only a beautiful young lady learning
the limits of her submission at the hands of someone she can trust with
her life.”
A deep relief came over
me, I breathed slowly and asked her “ How will we start?”
“Well, if you agree, lets
start now. Remove your blouse and skirt.” 
“Yes ma’am.”

“Good girl, now, being that
I have just started learning this, we will have to save the rope for later,
fetch me the body harness, the leather cuffs, oh lets see… the harness
trainer gag. A few of those thin straps… and oh yes, every good little
slave needs a collar.” Carefully I brought each item over to her.

“Now, let’s see, stand in
front of me and face away… that is good, and your selection of lingerie
is perfect for our special occasion, move about two feet forward… ahhh…
good… now stand straight and don’t move”

Slowly Beth moved up behind
me, she placed the collar around my neck and tightened it, careful as not
to choke me. Then she pulled my wrists behind me and placed a leather cuff
on each wrist. She then moved and placed a cuff on each ankle. My heart
was pounding in my chest, my breathing was becoming more rapid, my deepest
fantasies were slowly coming to life, not how I had ever imagined, but
right now at this moment it did not matter, I was safe.

Then she began placing the
harness ball gag on me. First telling me to open wide. Then carefully pushing
the ball behind my teeth. Slightly fumbling with the straps she then began
to tighten them. The ball filling my mouth pulling my lips tight going
deeper and deeper until I thought my jaw would break. Then she fastened
the buckle. Then to my surprise she produced some small locks. First she
locked my gag, then my wrists together behind me. Then my ankles. I was
going no where now.

She then picked up the body
harness. She placed the straps over my shoulders and attached them to the
top strap in the back. Then she centered the ring between my breasts and
brought the straps from the ring both over and under my breasts, beneath
my arms and attached them behind my back. She then leaned over my shoulder
and began twiddling with the straps. As she did I could feel her hair tickling
my shoulder and the warmth of her breath on my neck. I slowed down my breathing.
Slowly the straps cupping my breasts got tighter and tighter. The more
she played with the straps the more my breasts felt like they would pop
out of the bra holding them. My aureole were beginning to show, I felt
is though I would no longer be able to breath when she finally buckled
the straps down. My 36C breasts felt at though they were trapped in a 34A
bra.

Then she pulled my wrists
up as high as they would go and locked them off to the harness. She then
pulled the waist straps of the harness behind and buckled them down. Then
she picked up one of the thin straps, she buckled it tightly just above
my knees. Then I realized, lost in my wonder, she had threaded the crotch
between my legs and was beginning to pull it tight. She tugged and tugged,
pulling the strap and my panties into my sex until I thought she would
split me in half. Then finally she buckled it off.

Slowly Beth circled me, I
felt so many emotions,  I could not move... I didn’t want to move...

Beth left the room. When
she returned she was pulling the standing mirror we have in the foyer.
She placed it in front of me. Then she spoke for the first time since she
began restraining me. “Is this what my pretty little slave girl likes to
look at?”
As I looked at myself in
the mirror, my first signs of my arousal began to show. The flushed color
of my bound chest, my nipples protruding through the material of my bra...
the drool building around my lips...

Then Beth picked up a pair
of japanese clover clamps and held them up to my eyes. “These are for bad
little slaves who keep secrets.” Beth pulled at the cups of my bra until
my nipples were exposed. Then she attached one clamp to my right nipple.
UUUUUMMMMMM!!!!!!! Then the other to my left nipple. UMMMMMM UUMMMMMMMM
UUUUUMMMMMMMMM!!!!!

My nipples felt as though
they were being pinched off! With a slight tug she pulled the chain between
them causing more pain to my nipples. Oh! where was the numbness I had
read about OH!!!!  numbness please set in!!!

Looking my in the eye Beth
said “That does look painful, but we aren’t quite through...”

Next she began placing locks
on the connecting chain. Three of them total. OOOOOHHHH my nipples are
hurting so bad!!! Then Beth picked up one of the paddles, this one was
straight, about three inches wide and twelve inches long.
“Slaves who keep secrets
must be punished.” WHACK!!!  Oh why had I worn my G-string panties!!!
After about thirty whacks she stopped. Tears where streaming from my eyes,
my butt was on fire and I could do nothing. Why hadn’t I hid those files
better!
“This little slave needs
to look at herself in the mirror a while and think about what she has done,
but my little slave, you have done well for your first time, I will allow
you some pleasure.”

Beth then managed to wedge
a small vibrator between the crotch strap and my belly. She turned it on
low speed, bringing back to life the arousal present prior to those nasty
little clamps on my finally numb nipples. It feels so good.

She hugged me from behind,
kissed me on the ear and whispered “Thank you Mr.Hawke, wherever you are.”

Yes Mr.Hawke, thank you,
where ever you are!

NB: Mr. Hawke was the Prime Minister of Australia, hence the tax check
refund and the thanks.
