---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Adventures of a Sex Doll 2
authors:
- Anonymous
tags:
- M-f
- F-f
- FF+
- lovedoll
- transform
- magic
- bodyswap
- bodymod
- inflate
- bond
- oral
- mast
- sex
- toys
- reluct-cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Adventures of a Sex Doll**](adventures_sexdoll.html))_

_**Part 2**_

_Later, I pulled the car up into the long driveway.
Ms. Winna lived practically in the woods, a good place for her group, I
supposed. There were several cars already here so I guessed they were
all present. I turned off the car and we all exited the car.
Two Roxys followed me to the medium-sized house's entrance, Desire
in my girlfriend's clothes. You couldn't tell them apart
physically; they really looked like twins. Unless you lifted them up._

_When Winna opened the door, she blinked in
surprise, then chuckled as she realized what we had done. "Clever. Come
in,
come in!"_

_Instead of going to some room, she led us outside into her well-sheltered
back yard where six anxious women were waiting for us,
Becky and Tina among them.
Naked._

_"We have to do this with only our bodies,
you understand," Winna smiled as we froze. "And don't worry, Edgar. It's
nothing we
haven't seen before." That got quite a few giggles from the group._

_"I should've known," I sighed, and began to
strip._

_"C'mon, Desire, Roxy."_

_Desire took her clothes off promtly and quite
saucily
while Roxy was more jerky about it, embarrassed. When we were all clear,
I said, "Okay, Desire, change back."_

_Winna, who had stripped too, and the six women
watched raptly as Desire grew and expanded back into her original form
and
walked into the empty space in the middle, smiling at everyone._

_"My God," a brown-haired girl with D breasts
whispered. "It really worked! I can't believe it!"_

_"Told you, Debbie," Becky smirked._

_"Desire, become like Debbie," I called out,
and the astounded girl watched as Desire became her twin, cupping her breasts
invitingly._

_"Holy shit," a short haired brunette exclaimed.
"She really does work."_

_"I certainly do," Desire said, startling them
considerably even though they knew she could speak. "You all created me,
and I
can do quite a lot." She licked her lips._

_"SHE'S going to be in HIS body?" the brunette
exclaimed a little nervously._

_"Don't worry, we've done this before," I said,
and I saw the sun was beginning to set. "Winna?"_

_The leader nodded and
I called
Desire to come to me. After changing her back and telling her the same
thing as last night, we lay on the grass with the witches
surrounding us. They mumbled a bit, and I felt SOMETHING happening
before the world did the familiar spin.
When I opened my eyes, they were all staring
at me in Desire's body._

_Slowly I stood, then sighed, "Third time's the
charm,
ladies?"_

_"He's really in her," Becky whispered. "Oh
my God. I even saw his soul move in while Desire's mental patterns went
the other
way."_

_"Me too," Tina added, and all the rest nodded
in shared amazement.
Except Winna. She was frowning at the ground._

_"Winna?" I asked. "What's wrong?"_

_"You were right, Edgar. Something did interfere,
but it was after you inflated Desire that it happened. When you switched,
I
felt the faint residue of a Necromantic spell." The others gasped and
paled. "Those spells suck the soul and power of a person or
animal and feed those evil enough to use those enchantments. Somehow,
someone cast a necromantic spell in your area and
Desire's complex nature reacted to its residue and affected your bond
with her. The change appears permanent, but it will take
much time to see whether or not I'm right, much less guess the effects
your soul in something that was never meant to have a soul
will have."_

_She looked sad. "I am sorry for all of this, Edgar."_

_I looked as deflated as an inflatable woman
could get. "Guess I'll have to get used to it."_

_Roxy stepped into the circle
and
hugged me.
"Don't worry, I still love you," she whispered,
and I felt gladdened._

_With a little will, I became her double again.
"At least we can have a lot of fun," I joked,
and feeling very impulsive I inflated my breasts. There were a lot of gasps
and
startled exclamations as my tits became bigger and rounder than they
had ever seen._

_Roxy was blushing down to her nipples and
she had a vexed look on her face.
"Edgar!!"_

_I shrugged, making my huge orbs jiggle seductively.
"Sorry. Maybe it's this body."_

_"Sure," she replied, unconvinced._

_Debbie and the others walked up to us and
goggled at their handiwork, poking and feeling the sensitive flesh until
I was
panting._

_"Jesus," another red-head said, shaking her
head in disbelief at my breasts, "what a pair."_

_Becky remembered Desire in my true body and
walked to it. "What about Desire?" she asked, lifting my body's head.
Mistake.
Desire opened her eyes and jerked straight
up into a sitting position, bowling the startled Becky back with a scream
and
catching our attention. Before any of us could react, Desire stumbled
up and ran for the trees._

_"Oh shit!" I screamed, immediately running
after my body while my tits, beginning to shrink, bounced crazily. Everyone
was
copying my reactions, in more ways than one.
Desire was almost at the trees when a shadowy
figure stepped out of the bushes and threw something into Desire's, MY,
chest. She stopped cold, paused, and toppled to the ground like a puppet
with its strings cut.
I felt something snap within me and I somehow
knew with a sinking sensation that it was the link between Desire and me._

_The
others had stopped when the shadow had appeared but I ran straight
for my body. Reaching it, I turned it over and saw the
dagger hilt embedded right above the heart. Blood welled from the cut.
But I wasn't dead, Desire was, and now I was
stuck in her inflatable body.
Forever.
I stood up, numb, and faced the shadow._

_"You
son of a bitch," I growled with rising anger. The form stepped back a bit
in
shock, surprised for some reason._

_"You should be dying, construct plaything,"
he said in a puzzled voice. "Your master is dead."_

_"I hate to disappoint you, asshole, but her
master is right HERE!" I screamed. "If you wanted to kill us both you picked
the
wrong goddamned time to do it! Now, you've killed her and now I'm stuck
in her body!" Furious, I advanced on the stunned figure._

_"That's impossible!" he sputtered. "This bunch
of bitches couldn't manage transference that absurd or futile. Even we
necromancers could not do that."_

_I grinned savagely. "Actually, it was a mistake.
Someone cast a necromantic spell and the residue interacted with the bond,
or
so I was told." I was five feet away now. "Why try anyway?"_

_He was speechless for a moment as my comments
registered on him, then he answered my question, albeit a little distractedly._

_"Several groups thought they were overreaching themselves, but when
they succeed somehow, they were jealous so they hired
me."_

_He raised a hand. "And you should never get this close to a necromancer."_

_A dark energy shot towards me and struck my
breasts. Scared the hell out of me, but all it did was tickle my tits.
Scared me, but shocked him as I kept advancing.
Meanwhile, something was building within myself,
drawing energy from the air around me and the earth I stood on. I
remembered Desire telling me she would be able to defend herself and
me, and this was an attack on my life all right._

_Whatever it
was, I couldn't control it and wind began swirling around me as a result.
The necromancer had trouble believing I was
resisting him, it never occurred to him to run until it was too late. Magically
charged winds roared towards him, spinning him like a dervish. I felt
a coil of powerful energy bound in wind leap out from my
gaping mouth and plunged into his screaming one. Enchanted air kept
roaring into him, an excellent gag, and his flat stomach
began to swell, eventually ripping his black clothes apart as his distended
torso reached immense spherical dimensions. The flow
finally stopped and I collapsed with relief. My would-be assassin looked
like a giant, pink beach ball._

_The others rushed to my side to see if I was
okay. After I reassured them, we cautiously advanced on Desire's killer.
Winna
was already there, bending so she could look into his terrified pop-eyes.
"I see your soul affected Desire's defensive measures. It
was only meant to immobilize, not do this." She chuckled as she looked
over his bloated form. "I like this better though."_

_"I wish I could say I'm sorry I couldn't control
it, but I can't," I said, glaring with hate at the man who had taken away
any
chance of me ever becoming human again. I patted his tight round belly.
"Anyone have a pin?" I asked, looking the helpless
assassin straight in the eyes._

_"Do you want to?" Roxy whispered, scared for
me._

_I actually thought about it, then slumped,
resigned. "No, I can't. I wish I could, but I can't."_

_The tears started
flowing then and
Roxy hugged me close as I sobbed on her shoulder, reaction to Desire's
death, someone trying to kill me, and knowing I was
stuck, finally hitting me like a ton of bricks. Winna gently guided
us towards the house as I cried._

_"What do we do with the scum ball, here?"
Becky asked the others as they gathered around the immobile necromancer.
"We
can't fit him through any doors and we can't hand him to the police,
as if that would help any," she added._

_"I don't even know if we can undo this," Tina
complained, not seeing the assassin's sudden fright. "Edgar's the only
one who
could I would imagine since he did it, but he's going to harbour some
deep hate for this guy for a long while. Even if he agreed to,
his subconscious might make things worse."_

_"Hey, how about the alterationalists?" someone
suggested._

_"Those nuts?"_

_"Well, this is more their field of expertise,"
the other retorted. "I doubt WE can."_

_Becky gazed bemused at the once dangerous
assassin, now a human beach ball. "You have a point." She sighed. "Well,
let's
roll him to the house and secure him. Don't want him being blown away
with the next gust," she added wickedly._

_The big breasted Debbie lowered herself a
bit and hefted her tits above the man's paralysed face. "And we 'bitches'
can have
some fun before the nuts come to take the squirrel away," she said,
slowly rubbing her breasts over the assassin's face.
They all laughed as they rolled the resigned
man away._

_\* \* \*_

_A car with two people drove up beside the partly
hidden vehicle a few miles away from Winna's house. They stopped beside
it
and exited to
check around.
"He hadn't left yet, so we might be in time,"
the lean man with closely cropped blonde hair mused._

_"What's so special about this thing we're
after anyway?" the woman with him asked him, her shoulder length brown
hair
brushing her shoulders. She had a trim, firm body under her tight black
outfit, the twin to the male's clothes. Tight breasts that
didn't need a bra bulged her open top attractively. Her agate eyes
looked inquiringly at him above her snub nose, completing an
innocent face she had fooled many a person with._

_"This group had worked on something for over
a year to prove that they were a legitimate users of the Art." He peered
into
the necromancer's car, but found nothing so he went on. "They were
more successful than most thought they could do and made
a very advanced kind of construct."_

_"Like I said: what's special about it?" she
asked crossly. They didn't worry about the necromancer; both were protected
from
that sort of magic._

_"It's a sex doll." He smiled at her disbelieving
stare. "I know. Of all things, huh? Apparently, sex magics are their main
specialty. But this thing looks like a real person and can change it's
shape. Very flexible. We were hired to get it so our employers
can study the thing." He grinned. "Maybe even try it out."_

_"Sex doll," she muttered. "Christ."_

_"Come on, let's go," her associate ordered
and she silently followed him into the woods._

_Winna had wrapped a blanket around me as I
put my head on Roxy's lap, my blonde girlfriend stroking my identically
yellow
hair soothingly. We sat on a couch in a large, pleasant basement room
that seemed to be the meeting place for Winna's group.
Our hostess had left, but now she returned
and the others followed her down, all wearing robes. Some sat on the carpet,
but
most on the couches. Winna herself sat in a chair.
She sighed. "Well, Becky?"_

_"We have the... body wrapped up and I cast
a preservation spell on it so it won't smell. It'll confuse time of death
too. The jerk
we have hidden in that depression outside. The nuts said they'd come
in the morning to take him away, even if they didn't quite
believe me." She smirked and the others chuckled._

_I sighed and picked myself off Roxy to sit
by her. "This is just getting too weird."_

_"Are you alright, Edgar?" she asked, concern
in her eyes._

_"Yeah, I suppose. I'm still dealing with what
happened, is all. Especially what I did to that asshole."_

_"What did you feel?" Tina asked from beside
Becky._

_"I think--I drew power from all around me
and used it to inflate him." I actually chuckled. "That's a switch, hey?
And slightly
tired from it too. But, Winna," I said, more than a little worried,
"what will happen to this body now that Desire's dead?"_

_Everyone
looked to Winna who had the most experience in these matters.
"Desire's body was only meant for one owner,
Edgar. As long as you were alive, she would exist. If you died, and the
link to
your soul broken, then she would have slowly come apart. That's what
happens with all constructs of this nature. However," she
regarded him carefully, "your soul is IN her body now and it's the
soul that kept her together. It seems to be permanently attached
to Desire's body; not even the necromancer could pull it out! With
your soul, Desire's body is more powerful now that you inhabit
it." She sighed. "I only wish I knew how this happened, but the chances
of finding out now are slim to none."_

_"I kinda thought so," I said, becoming resigned
to my fate, and yawned. "I didn't think I could get tired. What keeps this
body
going?" I asked the assembled._

_"Several things," Tina said clinically. "If
you sleep, you absorb ambient magical energy, manna, and store it.
Also, if you fuck
someone you absorb the sexual energies, and this is more efficient
than sleep. It's best if you swallow or they cum into you." She
frowned. "With your soul a part of the process, you should be able
to store much more power now, maybe even manipulate it to a
degree."_

_"So I'm a lean, mean, fucking machine," I
joked, sighing as I leaned on Roxy's shoulder._

_"Hey," Debbie said, "we only make the best
for our customers. If I could, I'd switch places with you in a minute.
Desire's body
is hot!" She grinned at me and I actually felt a little better._

_"Poor Desire," Roxy sighed._

_"Are we going to skip the, uh, usual?" the
second red-head, Heather I found out later, blushed, glancing in our direction.
She
looked perky, and knew her breasts were the same from the nude session
outside._

_"The usual?" Roxy and I chorused, puzzled
as the rest grinned at us, a familiar light growing in their eyes._

_"Remember? Our specialty is sex magic, so
of course we keep in practice with each other whenever we have a meeting,"
Winna said with a smile. Remembering her body from outside, I had to
say it must be keeping them very healthy._

_"Now I know where Desire got that horniness
from," Roxy said, rolling her eyes._

_I was beginning to feel the temperature
of
the room rising, almost electric. I felt less tired as well, and said
so._

_"You're beginning to absorb the sexual energies
being released into the room. There ARE seven sex witches starting to
become very horny in here."_

_I smiled wryly. "And the fact that your ultimate
sexual creation is truly living being now and sitting in front of you has
nothing
to do with it?"_

_Debbie crawled over on hands and knees, her
robe gaping open a little and showing off her delicious looking breasts
inside, and
smiled as she ran a hand up and down on my leg. "You know how artists
can get involved in their work," she purred._

_Everyone
else was smiling at me, including Roxy._

_"You have to admit, knowing
that your body IS the ultimate sex object we could make it a
real turn on." Her hand was sliding higher now, under my cover, and
I was feeling warm all over. "But now it has your soul, and
it's alive, and self-aware, and," she smiled as her seeking fingers
found my wet pussy, "as horny as the rest of us."_

_Roxy leaned over and kissed me on the lips,
distracting me as Debbie gently removed my covers._

_"I think this would
help us,
but mostly you, deal with all of this, a lot," my girlfriend murmured
when we separated, looking deep into my eyes which were
twin to her own. The voluptuous Debbie's attentions were starting to
make me breathe heavily._

_"I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to,"
I confessed, shifting as Debbie parted my thighs._

_Everyone else was getting
seriously
turned on at this point, hands were slowly rubbing breasts or cunts
all over. I gasped as the brown-haired woman plunged a finger
into me, smiling wickedly. Roxy leaned over and started licking my
breasts, ignoring my aching nipples for the moment.
Seeing Roxy join in the fun with her virtual
twin did it for the rest. Robes were untied and taken off, and furniture
moved away
with practiced ease. Roxy and Debbie stopped for a moment and guided
me off the couch and laid me down in the middle of the
room._

_"We need more breast to suck," Roxy said huskily,
nipping the points of my breasts to emphasize HER point. I complied
eagerly and my tits swelled to basketball size on my chest. She groaned
with pleasure and fell on one with a will.
Becky kneeled on my other side and grinned.
"You were right; she does like sucking big tits when you look like her,
and so do
I."_

_The red- head started up on my other massive breast, rubbing and
kneading, as Debbie explored my pussy more extensively.
Blonde Tina looked at this with a sexy smile,
then walked over and put my head between her legs. She lowered her pussy
onto
my face and I immediately started licking the aroused woman. The perky,
red-headed Heather came over and sucked on the
moaning Tina's nipples. The short haired brunette and a long haired
blonde had teamed up on Winna and had the head witch
sighing with pleasure. I found out later that they were the newest
members into the group and Winna still had a lot to teach them.
They were apt pupils; I could tell._

_My first massive orgasm came powerfully, the
triple stimulation I was getting on breasts and pussy were almost
overwhelming. My cries were muffled by Tina's cunt, and set off her
own cum and I lapped up her juices eagerly.
Roxy and Becky were in love with my tits,
I think Roxy orgasmed just sucking one, and it was a good thing I didn't
get sore
because they were really squeezing them around. Debbie, however, was
getting really turned on as she plunged more fingers into
my tight, but loosening, love tunnel. Her other hand was dipping into
her own box and she was panting._

_Then she got the bright
idea to try something new, and wasn't worried about me because I, or
rather my body, was made to handle things like the one she
had planned. She smiled wickedly, anticipating my reaction.
"UUUUHHHGGGNNN!!!" I cried in my startlement
as something HUGE entered my cunt. I nearly bucked Heather off, who
had switched with Tina and was grinding against my mouth, and caught
Roxy and Becky's attention with my convulsion._

_When
they saw what Debbie was doing, they gaped.
"Holy shit!" Becky cried, Roxy just stared._

_The smirking Debbie had her arm sticking out of my stretched cunt and she
began
pumping her fist in and out, driving me wild and I sucked Heather insanely
as a result, pushing her over the edge with a squeal.
After she got off, I pushed myself up and
my eyes widened when I saw what was ramming me inside. Then I lost it and
started a series of orgasms that didn't stop until Debbie pulled her
fist out with a pop!_

_When I regained my senses, I pushed Debbie
onto her back and spread her legs, smiling evilly over her as my massive
breasts
dangled from my chest. "All right, now it's my turn," I said with an
evil chuckle, fingering Debbie's extremely wet pussy. Roxy and
Becky watched in puzzlement, caressing themselves as my body shrank.
I stopped when my fist slid into the brown-haired
woman's tunnel easily. When it was all the way in, making her groan,
I slowly started expanding again, and my fist grew with me.
The feeling of having something that was expanding fucking her must
have been something, for Debbie was tossing her head from
side to side and moaning non-stop. When I was full-sized again, I leaned
down and sucked her clit as I pumped my arm.
Debbie was a screamer and must've felt one
hell of an orgasm because her pussy clenched me like a velvet vise. Like
me, she
kept orgasming until I pulled out, leaving her limp and dazed, but
delirious with pleasure. Everyone had stopped to watch me work
and smiled at the groaning girl's form._

_That was when the door to the basement opened
and two black- clad and masked people rushed down the stairs. One male,
one female, and both holding guns pointed in our shocked direction.
The man chuckled at us. "Nice little sapphic
party. Just stay exactly where you are and no one will be hurt."_

_"If not..." the woman said threateningly,
and waved her gun slightly to indicate what she meant._

_Covering herself regally, Winna glared at
the two. "What do you want?"_

_"Your little love dolly or whatever you call
it," the man said. I acted quickly and smiled sexily when his eyes roved
in my
direction, my huge breasts giving me away. "Whoa!" he cried. "I see
why they want it."_

_The woman was staring. "Jesus Christ, those
breasts are a little overdone, don't you think?"_

_I lazily stood up, and said, "As you wish."_

_My breasts quickly deflated down to Roxy's C-cup._

_"I am a love doll, my
name is
Desire, do you want me to suck and fuck you?" I smiled like Desire
had always smiled. The two intruders were amazed at what I
had done._

_"Incredible," the man said, a little stunned,
but I didn't do anything else but caress my breasts enticingly. My friends
knew I
was acting, Desire was dead, but played along. "I'm beginning to see
why someone would want to study you," he said._

_That was
good, these guys weren't with that necromancer._

_"Damn, if they make
more like her I'm going to have to own one."_

_"You would," the woman retorted, just as amazed
as her companion.
They hadn't seen nothing yet._

_"Do you want me to assume another physique?"
I purred softly and began to change. I think everyone was shocked, intruders
and friends alike, when I added a few more inches to my height and
changed into someone's wet dream._

_My hair became as light
as feathers and lengthened to brush my derriere so it practically floated
around and behind me. My nose became a slightly
upturned one, my lips ruby red, small, moist, and looking delectable.
I had fun with my eyes; they were slightly angled giving me an
exotic look, became a bright sky blue, with dark eyelashes, and were
slightly larger than human eyes had a right to be. The face
was a delicate oval shape and my alabaster-skinned body somewhere between
voluptuous and graceful. Wide hips, long legs, tight
buttocks, narrow waist, and a pair of round, firm white, D-cup breasts
with pink nipples that were hardening. My swollen pussy
was plainly visible without pubic hair, as usual._

_No one seemed able to move as they all stared
at me walking over to the man and, before he snapped to his senses and
thought I was going to attack him, knelt before him._

_"I am a love doll,
I am Desire," I whispered as I gazed up at him, I also found
out I could adjust my voice when I said it in a husky, higher pitched
voice than before that dripped sex._

_His hard-on was showing, and he gave no resistance
as I unbuckled his belt and gently shoved the trousers down, freeing the
trapped member and it sprang up.
I think that snapped the woman out of it,
but I ignored her. She saw everyone staring at me with lust in their eyes
and couldn't
repress a shiver of desire herself. The woman knew the situation was
still under their control and she thought it best if her current
partner shoot his load off. He'd think more rationally then._

_But the
creature fondling his dick and bringing her ruby lips closer to it
was far more arousing than either of them had suspected.
I tickled his ball sack and slowly licked
my way up the underside of his dick. I had been a man before I was switched
into this
love doll body, and I knew exactly what this asshole wanted. Besides,
I figured I'd have to do it sometime and remembered Tina's
words about sucking sexual fluids to recharge myself._

_Now was not a
time to be squeamish, and I suspected again that this body I
now owned was affecting my sexual desires. I ringed his throbbing head
twice and then swallowed his average- sized length. I
found I had no gag reflex which was a relief, and I really didn't need
to breathe so I didn't need to rush things as I sucked. My
throat 'muscles' massaged him and he groaned. This whole setting was
erotic, a lesbian orgy in front of him with him in control,
and a shape-changing creation made purely for sex, sucking him off,
that was the most gorgeous female creature he had ever
seen.
He erupted at last and his white cum was quickly
swallowed by me. I could actually feel the sexual energy in his seed as
I
absorbed it into myself and it felt invigorating. He finally stopped
and I slowly removed my mouth, licked my lips, smiled up at him._

_"Damn!!" he managed, gaping down at my wide,
innocent-seeming blue eyes. "She's fucking incredible!"_

_I mischievously
licked
my lips again, this time letting my wet tongue do its own seductive
dance._

_"So let's take her and get out of here already,"
the woman replied, anxious to be gone before the necromancer made his move._

_"Uh... right," holding his gun in one hand
he reached to pull his pants back on. It was difficult when I had his cock
and balls in a
firm grip. "Let go, doll, maybe later."_

_"I'm a love doll and I've got the desire to
squeeze your nuts," I replied as I stood up with a saucy smile, not letting
go._

_He
cursed.
"Let go, you stupid bitch!" He slapped me,
hard. I didn't let go. He cursed again and hit me in the side of the head
with the
bottom of his gun.
My head jerked to the side from the impact,
and I felt a little pain, more an indication of how hard he had hit than
a warning,
but I remained fully conscious._

_"I am an INFLATABLE love doll," I said
with a sexy smile, still playing my part. "And I love your
balls." I squeezed harder, making him wince in pain._

_"Help me!" he cried to his partner, finally
realizing his predicament. He couldn't knock me out because I wasn't human
and he
was afraid that he'd be hurt if he struggled harder.
The woman was both amused and annoyed._

_"How
the fuck do I do that?? You tried knocking her out and failed. If I do
anything she'll probably bust your balls!" She whirled to the others
and pointed her gun at them. "Get her to stop!"_

_"We can't," Winna said, "some necromancer
came by and killed the man that was bonded to her. She went out of control
and
took out her master's killer. Somehow, she's still functioning, but
for how long we don't know and we were trying to exhaust her
before you came in. I don't think she much likes males anymore," Winna
observed, the man wincing in pain as I squeezed him
harder yet._

_"This thing took out the necro?" The woman
swore, backing away from us._

_"Fuck! Shoot it then!" the man screamed. "Before
it kills us both!"_

_They erroneously thought I had killed Desire's killer. The woman whirled,
knowing the man was right and aimed the gun at the
center of my head.
I'd been waiting for this. The threat, even
if I suspected the bullet wouldn't affect me, of the woman was enough to
trigger my
defensive reaction. I felt the energy coming into me from the ground
and air. I wanted control of this instinctive force so as the
wind built up I tried shaping it to do something other than what I
had done with the necromancer._

_The sudden wind around the man and I made
the woman back away in fear, but it was too late. She wasn't picked up
by the
wind, but rather pushed into the basement wall and held there as she
screamed in shock. The energy-laden wind rushed out of my
puckered mouth and dived into hers as she screamed, silencing her.
Her shirt pushed out suddenly and she watched helplessly in
terror as her breasts inflated with the mystic air._

_It was an incredible
sight as her black shirt suddenly tore when a flaw in the
material made it rip prematurely, flinging the cloth aside so all could
see her bikini-tanned tits jutting straight forwards. Her
tit-balloons grew past the basketball stage and kept going. I stopped
when they were three feet long and two and a half wide
apiece. The wind died, letting her fall to the ground and staring with
total shock at her tightly inflated, massive chest. She did not
seem to be able to move on her own.
The man gaped at the sight, caught between
shock and tittilation._

_"I love your gun. Give it to me, now?" I demanded
more than asked._

_Numbly, he placed it in my hand and I let go of his balls._

_"Ooo... Nice knockers! Can I feel?" I said and I rushed over to the
helpless woman and tweaked a huge nipple. "Mmm...." I said,
and licked it, the woman whimpered as I hadn't wanted to paralyse her._

_Terrified, the man pulled up his pants and
ran up the stairs like the devil was after him. We heard the outside door
slam soon
after.
My friends laughed so hard they held their
tummies, except for Winna who came over with a smile and took the other
gun
from the frozen woman and made sure their were no more weapons on her
person.
I dropped the gun on the stairs and then posed
with my hands on my hips. "I'm a sex doll, will you fuck with me?" I asked
innocently._

_Everyone whooped at that. Roxy stood and ran over
to hug me, relieved it was over.
"My God!" she cried, looking me over. "I couldn't
believe my eyes when you changed into this, Edgar!"_

_Becky and Tina stood
up and looked me over with relief and barely-concealed lust in their
eyes. "I thought Desire had come back from the dead!"_

_"I needed to get close. And," I shrugged,
delighting the others watching me, "this, I figured, would get me close.
Overkill, I
suppose."_

_"Actually, it fits the title 'love doll' beautifully,"
Becky leered._

_The woman had heard all this and snapped out
of her daze. "Wh- what the FUCK are you talking about??" she demanded,
shakily, regaining some movement._

_I walked around her beach ball breasts and
kneeled beside her. She edged away a little as I looked at her soberly
with my
large, blue eyes. "Simply put: we fooled you. You see, there was a
glitch when Desire bonded to her master. At night they
switched bodies, which should have been impossible but it happened.
They were in this state when the necromancer showed up
and killed Desire's master, but it was Desire in her master's body
who was killed and her master found himself permanently stuck
in Desire's love doll body. That is me."_

_I pulled her hood off to see
her wide-eyed, shocked expression._

_"The necromancer tried to
kill me too, but now I was a human soul fused with a complex construct's
body and he couldn't kill me. However, his intent was to
kill, or maim, and this body's defences, altered and more powerful
because of my soul, struck. He's outside now and resembles a
giant, human beach ball. Totally helpless and paralysed."_

_She gulped.
"H-How come I'm not..."_

_"A beach ball?" I answered. "I wasn't prepared
for it then, but I was when you tried to shoot me. I wanted you able to
move
and talk and it worked. I didn't know how to completely stop it so
I decided to aim for your breasts."_

_I looked her straight in the
eye. "My body's killer took away the chance of me becoming human again.
I can't forgive that, plus he's a necromancer, so I don't
care what happens to him. You, however, were likely just being paid,
and didn't plan to hurt anyone so I did this. I may be able to
return you to normal eventually, but now I don't know how. You can't
get out of this basement with those so you have to live on
our mercy."_

_She looked at me, then her breasts and realized
I was right.
"Goddamn it! You've turned me into a freak!" she cried, half-sobbing,
"I loved my body the way it was before..."_

_She didn't resist
when I got her to stand so her destroyed outfit could be taken off.
Her immense tits pointed slightly downwards so she could see
ahead of herself, but she closed her eyes as if she could deny them.
When her balloons were caressed, however, she jumped,
making them bounce, and her eyes flew open.
Tina and the younger pair were standing around
her massive bust, afire with curiosity and hands rubbing and pressing into
the
tit-balloons. As the woman stared in amazement and shock, the long-haired
blonde used a hand to squeeze one of her huge nipples
and this made both tighten, erect._

_"How do they feel?" Tina asked curiously,
not stopping her caresses._

_"Good, but the pressure inside them is weird..."
the woman began, then shook her head to get her mind back on track. "What
the hell are you doing?!" she demanded, backing away, but they just
followed._

_"Our interest is in sex magicks, so we're
interested," Tina explained. "We don't want to hurt you, just see if your
breasts are
okay. We've never seen anything like this before," she confessed. "Don't
you want to know?"_

_"I..." The woman was torn, but the caresses
kept going and her knees were getting weak. The whole situation was unreal._

_"I...
have to sit down."_

_The trio stopped as she sat down, then decided to
lay down all the way. Her breasts stuck almost straight up
and even she had to marvel at the amazing sight. Tina and the two continued
and she bit her lip to fight back a moan; the
stimulation was getting to her.
I went down on hands and knees and smiled
down at her._

_"What's your name anyway? You're going to be here for a long
time
after all."_

_"P-Pam-ela," she stuttered seeing my lovely
face and breasts above her. Her eyes flew open then for some reason and
she
gasped._

_Becky's chuckle from behind her breasts told me the red-head
was exploring our captive in another, wetter area._

_"Welcome to the orgy, Pam," I said with a
chuckle. "And... AAAHHH!!!" I cried out, eyes popping, as something
unexpectedly plunged deep into my vagina. I whipped my head around
to see Debbie kneeling behind me and wearing some kind
of strap-on dildo which she was drawing out of me torturously slow
with a big grin on her face._

_Winna had left to dispose of the
guns and clothes but I saw Heather and Roxy embracing behind Debbie._

_"W-Where'd you get THAT?" I asked, staring at the tool
that lunged into me again and making me moan._

_"We have all sorts of toys down here in the
other rooms," was Debbie's chuckled response and she continued thrusting
into
me. She appeared very excited with my new form and was enjoying fucking
it immensely. "And like Edgar was saying: Welcome
to the orgy, Pam!"
The mercenary below me had to grin at my surprise,
then cried out herself as Becky and the others really got started on her.
It was a long night, but enjoyable._

_\* \* \*_

_I woke up before everyone else at the crack
of dawn. Last night's event drained the others, but recharged me, after
all. I
quietly and carefully separated from Roxy and stood up. Pam was immediately
obvious with her huge hooters and I saw the
brunette and blonde sleeping on either side of their former captor;
they'd taken a shining to her apparently. I found Debbie had
been behind me but had turned in her sleep. Becky, Heather, and Tina
were in a group around Winna._

_Remembering that there was a bathroom in the
basement I headed there. Closing the door behind me, I looked in the mirror
and saw the wet dream I had become last night. My long hair was a mess
and dried female cum was all over my body making me
uncomfortable, yet pleased. I stepped into the shower and turned on
the water. The spray on my cum-covered body was a relief.
I wondered how heavy I was, we had filled
Desire up to ninety kilos but I had to have lost a lot of water since.
Perhaps I was
around eighty or so. The water inside me felt... I don't know. Slightly
dirty? Maybe I had to replace it regularly, but how? I didn't
need to go to the bathroom as such, maybe if I ate I would, but perhaps
I should will the water out?
I tried it._

_I surprised myself when water
spurted out in a gush from my anus and the small hole women used to pee
with. I
knew it was the right thing to do when I felt a pleasant relief at
the release of the slightly dirty water. Lighter and lighter I felt and
when all the H2O was gone the shower was able to push me around so
I turned it off. My skin had a faint, plasticy sheen to it that
Desire had before she had drank some water. Rubbing the back of my hand to my wet breast made a faint squeaking sound. It
was hard to walk as I had little weight but normal strength. Drying
myself off sounded like drying off a balloon, it was extremely
strange, but erotic as I was far from a normal balloon._

_When I carefully left the bathroom, feeling
refreshed, I saw my activity was making the others stir.
Tina looked at me sleepily, then woke up quickly
when I lightly bounded over her in slow motion._

_"What the Hell?!?" she
shouted, amazed, waking up everybody in a hurry. They all stared as
I bounced slowly over to a sleepy-eyed but gaping Roxy._

_"I went to the bathroom, and I feel SO much
lighter!" I said, then laughed at their expressions._

_Roxy grabbed me around
my
slim waist and, wide-eyed, raised me over her head._

_"Ooo... I love
strong women," I cooed. I gave a startled exclamation when
she twisted me around and tucked me under one of her arms at my waist,
feet forward._

_"What the hell is this?" she demanded to the
more knowledgeable watchers._

_"Edgar drained the water from his, er, her
supply. It's normal," Tina reassured her, "the water keeps her clean inside,
but it will
get dirty."_

_"It was a little," I confirmed. "I just did
it to see if I could dump it if I had to."_

_I could see Pam staring at Roxy
effortlessly
holding me under her arm and she wasn't the only one._

_"Uh, shouldn't
we get ready for work?" I said, "We have to..." Then I
remembered I had a problem in that area. Like my body being dead. My
sudden silence told the others that I had recalled that
dismal fact._

_Roxy gently released me and quickly put me
onto my feet. She saw my depressed face and wrapped an arm around my waist.
"I know it's difficult for you, Edgar, but there's nothing we can do."_

_I nodded slowly and she turned to Winna. "What will we do
about his body?"_

_"We'll discuss it when the alterationalists
come, which will be soon so everyone clean up!" The head witch pondered
Pam's big
bosom, making the woman shift nervously. "Maybe we can squeeze her
through doors later, right now we'll have to towel wash
you."_

_Pam's shoulders slumped as I carefully walked
towards her. When I was close, she looked me up and down. "Jesus, you really
are a love doll, aren't you?"_

_"In the plastic flesh," I affirmed, then yelped
as Debbie grabbed my waist and lifted me effortlessly up the stairs._

_"Time to make a water balloon!" she laughed._

_Roxy had managed to get me dressed in the clothes
Desire had worn after I changed into her double before the alterationalists
arrived. The alts came in two vehicles: a huge, blue truck and a white
van. They seemed a curious crew, I saw only one female
out of the seven who had arrived and one man who looked more like a
cop than a worker of magics. I was surprised later when I
found out that I was right._

_"Hi, Winna," a willowy, chestnut-haired woman
with thick glasses said, giving our host a cheerful hug. She had intellectual
written all over her and looked around forty. She introduced herself
and the cop. "I'm Rebecca Stone, and this is my husband
Tomas Stone who's a police lieutenant. He helps us out when something
like this comes up."_

_Tomas was a husky man with curly brown hair
and had a friendly cast to his muddy-brown eyes. "Tell me what happened
and
I'll see what we can do," he asked Winna._

_She started the tale, Tomas
blinked when she came to me and looked at Roxy and I in
astonishment, his wife with a more delighted examination. However,
when the event with the necromancer came up his eyes
turned hard and she looked more compassionate. Both gaped when the
inflated necromancer was rolled into sight._

_"Oh... my... God..." Rebecca whispered. "That's
incredible!"_

_"Honey, THAT'S going to challenge you," her
husband chuckled.
He peered up into the rumbling sky, "Let's load the poor bastard. We
won't need his shoes."_

_"Shoes?" I wondered._

_"I'm sorry, er, miss, but we're going to have
to report you dead." He outlined the story. "You both decided to play hooky
and
accepted Ms. Winna's invitation to visit her house. You stayed overnight
and were fooling around in the back yard when the killer
appeared. You stood and he killed you, then fled. I and my wife had
just arrived, as Rebecca knows her, I heard your girlfriend's
screams and rushed to find out what had happened and stayed to make
sure the killer did not return. Winna phoned as soon as she
saw the body." He sighed. "That's the best I can do. It should work
as he likely had a car stashed somewhere."_

_Winna nodded, satisfied. "Then we'd best start."_

_I left with Tina and Becky as our presence
would be considered odd and any sudden contact with Roxy would be considered
bad for a while. A strange girl suddenly appearing with a murdered
man's girlfriend would not look good for either of us. I
changed my appearance slightly, but only in the face and hair. Tomas
had promised to get me identity papers when things settled
down and I decided on a course for my new life. He'd become used to
the unusual with his wife's business and he figured at least
one cop ought to keep an eye on things arcane._

_On the way to the store, the three of us made
a joke of possible career choices for me. Topless dancer, fashion model,
porno
star, bomb squad, actress, secretary, etc. I didn't have to worry about
a lot of things now. I'd asked Winna how tough my body
was and she said that they'd made it as durable as magically possible.
Even Desire would have laughed at the bullet last night and
even with more powerful weapons, but I would be even tougher. The needed
force to actually hurt my body would have to be
phenomenal. I couldn't get pregnant, get diseases, and would never
get hungry or thirsty. Well, except for water, perhaps._

_I thought boredom was my worst enemy, that
and the public. If normal people found out what I could do I wasn't sure
what
would happen but I bet it wouldn't be nice. It was bad enough mystic
circles knew about Desire already.
I went with the duo to the store that had
changed my life. They set up shop as I wandered around the store, examining
things
with new interest. Now that I was female a lot of this stuff could
be fun to try out, later. I got bored eventually and told them I'd
return at closing. I explored the mall all day, catching male glances
coming my way.
When the day ended, I return to the store
and got a surprise._

_"You what??" I said, blinking in amazement._

_"Tina's booked for tonight and so am I, but
we arranged for some fun for you at our place," Becky said with a grin._

_"Fun??"_

_"Well, we know these absolutely handsome twins
and..."_

_\* \* \*_

_I couldn't believe I was doing this. Becky
had said she owed these twins a favor and it would help her a lot if I
did this. It
wasn't like I had pressing business elsewhere. I had agreed and she
had told me what kind of woman they liked. Their problem
was that they wanted to fuck the same woman at the same time and these
guys had endurance to burn AND supposedly they
were really hung. Few women wanted to go with two twins at once who
could each fuck the average woman to death. Some kind
of freak hormone in them both made them this way. Becky had told them
I had agreed for only one night which was fine with
them._

_So I was a platinum-blonde, busty and firm
bombshell, about 5' 8" at the moment, clad in only one of Becky's robes.
Like quite
a few men they liked their breasts big so I was about DD size with
crimson nipples. Oddly, they liked grey eyes, but they had
them too so that was accountable. My tanned skin completed the overall
effect.
The doorbell rang and, feeling very nervous,
I answered. Two identical blonde men stood outside. They wore t-shirts
and
shorts so their nicely defined bodies were shown off to me. On the
other hand, they were practically drooling over my
appearance, and to be honest my nearly naked state didn't help._

_One of them coughed, realizing I was waiting
for them so say something. "Hi, we're Tony and Tim. Becky's friends?"_

_"Come on in," I said with a smile and they
quickly walked in._

_They took off their shoes as I closed the door. But
when I turned
around, one of them pulled me close and kissed me deeply, the other
went behind me and squeezed my ass. Fast workers!
The kisser pulled away and gasped out, "Sorry,
but it's not every day my brother and I get to do this. Doesn't help that
you look
so damn perfect."_

_He and his brother were janking off their clothes
in a fury. "It really stinks that we have to leave at midnight."_

_Jesus, these guys looked almost desperate.
It certainly eased my conscious about all this. I stepped from between
the pair and
into the middle of Tina and Becky's living room. Then I let the robe
slowly drop. Tony and Tim's eyes nearly bulged from their
heads at the sight of a woman that fit their idea of perfection to
the letter. I, myself, was trying not to stare at the twins. Then
again, their eleven inches looked pretty darn thick standing at attention._

_"I'm all yours till then, gentlemen," I purred._

_They stepped forward as one and surrounded
me again, sandwiching me between their hard bodies. The one in front kissed
me while rubbing my moistening slit, the one behind ground his member
into my firm rear and manipulated my soft breasts and
hardening nipples. Becky had told me these guys liked to do most of
the action and she hadn't lied, all I had to do was follow their
lead and enjoy the ride. My moans were muffled by the kiss, but they
were getting more frequent.
I missed some exchanged signal for they put
their hands on my hips and guided me down into a doggie-style position,
spreading
my legs._

_They skipped the rest of normal foreplay and positioned themselves,
one at my pussy and the other in front. I bent my
head back and opened my mouth, guessing what they wanted and was right.
They were a snug fit in throat and cunt as they
slowly pushed their way into me, their groans betraying their pleasure.
I felt like a spitted piece of meat, but couldn't deny liking
the feeling of being filled in both ends. The one in my pussy leaned
forward and grabbed my dangling breasts as he began
pumping. His twin grabbed my shoulders and synchronized with him.
All I could do was go with the flow. They
had truckloads of stamina for all their eagerness. I came three times in
the first
position before they shot double massive loads of cum into me. They
even came at the same time!_

_Then they switched places and
put me on the floor. My cunt was filled again while the second put
his between my breasts, pushing my big mams together as he
tit-fucked me. They switched places half way though that position before
shooting off again, cum was sprayed all over my tits and
face and they both massaged the white stuff into my knockers, big grins
on their faces and a smile on mine.
Twice cummed and still ramrod stiff. Unbelievable.
But the next was apparently their favorite and saved for last. We all stood
and they marvelled aloud at how energetic I still was after all the
times I had cum myself._

_"Takes a licking and keeps on kicking," I
said with a saucy smile._

_They grinned and sandwiched me again. The
front one lowered himself a bit and gently guided himself into my love
tunnel all
the way until our crotches met. Then I felt my ass cheeks pulled apart.
I'd never had it up the ass yet, and waited anxiously for
the next bit. His cock head pushed at my sphincter and increased the
pressure. I relaxed and it popped in, making me moan deeply
as both huge cocks eventually impaled my body.
They alternated quite a bit. Sometimes thrusting
into me at the same time, sometimes one fully in and one fully out. The
dual
filling and my tits being manipulated kept my arousal state very high
and I orgasmed often._

_After their third cum, they switched
sides and started again, but this time they had to wait a minute for
their dicks to recover. They plunged on, and I was the one they
did it to.
Finally, it was eleven forty-five and they
shot their load a fourth time. We'd been going non-stop for almost four
hours and the
twins had finally reached their limit. I'd lost count how many times
I came with the pair, and kissed them tenderly in thanks as they
dressed to leave. They looked very happy and almost reluctant to go,
but they had to. When they asked for my name, I merely
smiled mysteriously as I waved and closed the door._

_After, I showered my cum and sweat covered
body, tweaking my nipples sometimes, and thought about the events of tonight.
I'd actually liked fucking with the twins, but would've preferred being
more of an active participant. And I think I enjoyed being
with women more. Ah well, I was a sex doll now, I could handle doing
both._

_On a lark, I became that wet dream I'd used
to fool Pam and that man she had been with and stared at my slightly inhuman
reflection in the mirror. Jeez, no wonder everyone had been so shocked;
I'd have stood in line for ten years to fuck this body when
I was male. It wasn't just the body, however, I felt some kind of sexual
'glow' radiating from me. I wondered why, possibly it was
because I had wanted that man to be utterly captivated by me and added
something more than a great body. This body felt more
like the actual 'me' than any of the others as well, with a magical
attraction to it bordering on a charm. I decided to save my
energies and went to bed on the couch, tempted as I was to explore
this body, covers hiding my perfect body._

_I awoke the next morning to find Becky licking
my pussy and Tina nibbling my nipples. I must've tossed my covers off last
night. The two had seen I had changed into this body again and couldn't
resist._

_"Don't you guys let up?" I groaned._

_"Not when you look more appetizing than breakfast,"
Tina retorted primly, rolling my nipples with her fingers and making me
catch my breath. They were dressed to go for work so they weren't getting
too far into it. Me, I had I few questions I wanted to
ask them._

_"Do you two think I'm casting some kind of
sexual charm or anything in this body?" I said, and that made them stop._

_"No," Becky said, looking at me thoughtfully,
"but we are uncommonly turned on by this sex goddess form of yours."_

_"Maybe it's the combination of your soul and
the sexual nature of the construct's body. You just show it openly in this
form,"
Tina theorized. I changed into my imitation of Roxy before they could
continue._

_Tina nodded when I finished. "Yes, not magical,
but definitely not physical either. Interesting."_

_"In other words, you just radiate sexual vibes,"
Becky chuckled.
"Oh, by the way, the twins left a message on the answering machine.
Apparently, you were a big hit with them and they wanted
to meet up with you again some time."_

_"Maybe later. They were good, but four hours
straight of doing nothing but standing still and being fucked by twin eleven
inch
dicks isn't something I want to do often."_

_Becky whistled.
"Whoa. So the rumours were true. Now I'm glad
I didn't do them myself; I'd have fainted after two hours of that. I need
time
to recover."_

_"They didn't," I said ruefully, and they laughed
as they got ready to leave. "Is there any place you know of that would
generate
a lot of sexual tension? I'm curious as to how much energy I can store."_

_Tina looked thoughtful.
"That's more Debbie's specialty," she said.
Why was I not surprised?_

_"Sex witches sometimes gather energies for big
projects
and she went around for a year to collect the power to make Desire."
Becky snorted. "Overkill on her part. We could've
made a frigging nuke with the amount of power she gathered. Made things
easier in some ways but handling it was a bitch. I'm glad Winna did
that part." She waved as they walked out the door._

_"I'll call
her today and maybe we can roam the town tonight," Becky promised and
closed the door.
Debbie's big titted, naked body appeared in
my mind. She was the next person most after my body, after Roxy, and she
didn't
care what form I was in.
Tonight could be interesting, I mused._

_\* \* \*_

_"Well? How do you like this place?" Debbie
grinned, squeezing my thigh._

_"Definitely has sexual tension enough," I
had to admit, just loud enough to be heard over the music._

_The place was
the most
popular and large strip joint in town. It had a fast paced atmosphere
and the women on stage really knew how to whip the mostly
male crowd into a panting frenzy. Some were only B-cup, or even A-cup,
but those moved with such sensualness with their tight
bodies that the patrons didn't give a damn. I watched those artists
keenly, and I learned a lot from them.
The four of us were a little ways from the
main stage._

_Debbie had given me an outfit of hers so I was following her
measurements. I think she lied because my black top that only barely
covered my breasts was tight and pushed my breasts up
under the small leather jacket I wore overtop. Same with the painted
on, black leather pants. I was a red-head tonight with long
curly hair framing a freckled face and green eyes. Becky had only smirked.
Needless to say the others were dressed like I was,
to kill, and we four were attracting not a small bit of attention ourselves._

_As for me absorbing sex energy, I was
practically inhaling it with this crowd. I thought there was a hidden
orgy somewhere.
A slender, dark haired woman with a crew cut
and a pierced nose in a dark green latex bodysuit came up to our table
and
grinned at us. "Hey, Deb, this your harem?" she said._

_My friend rolled
her eyes.
"No, just my friends, Nancy."_

_"What's the difference?" The woman laughed.
"Anyhow, gotta run. C-ya!" She sauntered away._

_"Bitch," Debbie muttered._

_"Not your favorite person?" I asked and she
shook her head in a negative._

_"She uses the Art, but sex isn't her primary
focus like ours," she nodded at Tina and Becky who were listening attentively.
"I
first ran into her two years ago and we took an immediate dislike to
the other. We finally came head to head six months ago when
I was collecting power to make Desire. She was experimenting with something
else that required the same thing and took offence
when she saw me here doing the same thing. We got into a Duel."_

_Tina
and Becky sucked their breath in surprise._

_"Since there
was so much sex energy here it fell into my specialty and I won. She,
on the other hand, went into a series of orgasms that didn't
stop until she dropped." She looked worried. "I don't know if she's
buried the hatchet or not."_

_"What is her specialty?" I said._

_"Enchantment of objects, I think." She shrugged
and hefted her drink. "Just forget her and let's enjoy the show."_

_Her other
hand wandered up my thigh again.
We did, and generally enjoyed the next few
hours. Becky and Tina were getting tipsy, but Debbie wasn't even close
and I
didn't think I could get drunk, unless a high on sexual pheromones
counted. I was feeling good about the energy I was absorbing
all this time and felt a nice warm mellow glow growing inside me. I'd
almost say I was getting horny but it wasn't quite right.
Then a serious-looking man in a business suit
walked up to us. He looked absurdly out of place in the strip club with
his
no-nonsense demeanour and we became immediately wary._

_"Ladies," he said politely, nodding his head
to take us all in, "Mr. Raymond would like to meet with you."_

_The
three witches
with me paled a little upon hearing his name, Becky gulped nervously._

_"And exactly who is Mr. Raymond?" I asked
him, wondering at my friend's reactions as they obviously knew this person._

_"My employer, and Master." He emphasized the
master and I knew he was talking about magic. I was still in the dark,
though,
and he noticed. Saying only "Your companions know of him well and can
discuss it with you on the way to the limousine,." he
waved an arm to indicate which direction to go, we stood up and followed
the professional seeming man. The crowd seemed to
melt away from us as we passed unhindered.
I was still very puzzled._

_"Just WHO is this
'Mr. Raymond'??" I whispered._

_"Only about the richest and most powerful
archmage around," Becky muttered. "I hear he likes to require the local
arcane
squabblers to deal with their problems peacefully and can enforce it
if necessary."_

_"Oh." Suddenly, I felt a little afraid.
Perhaps I was picking up energy of a different kind._

_Tina sighed. "We should've known he would
become involved after those two incidents at Winna's."_

_She would've said
more
but we reached the limo then._

_"If you give your car keys to these gentlemen
your cars will be returned to your homes safely," Mr. Suit said, indicating
two
younger but no less formally dressed versions of himself. They, however,
were looking at us appreciatively. Becky and Debbie
gave their keys to them -- not really having a choice -- and the five
of us piled into the cavernous black vehicle.
It was a nervous ride as Mr. Suit kept his
pinch-faced silence and the others of us worried._

_Eventually, we headed
into a
wealthy section of town and reached a walled track with an iron gate
that opened automatically as the limo arrived. We drove a
ways into the estate before pulling up to the mansion where we stopped.
When we got out we gaped a little at the huge
granite building before we were directed in. The inside of the place was
as
huge as a cathedral. We walked for what seemed like an hour through
one of its halls and eventually reached our destination and
entered the double-doored room.
It was richly done, with dark shades of wood
and fabric predominant throughout, and appeared to be a study. There were
bookshelves filled with tomes along the walls and paintings where they
weren't. Some furniture was scattered around as well._

_A
large, darkened oak desk was at the other end of the medium-sized room.
Behind it was Mr. Raymond. It was immediately
obvious he was the lord of this castle. A hawk-like face with keenly sharp
brown eyes, with only faint wrinkles in the corners, that almost shone
with intelligence and power. His black hair had twin streaks
of white on either side, showing his age, but he was far from old as
his leanly muscled body was evident under his tasteful
clothing. He had a neutral expression on his face._

_Not so another. A woman of about twenty or
so stood beside the desk and she didn't look happy at all to see us. She
was of
average height and had short black hair. Her face was attractive, but
looked a little anorexic as her too-thin body wrapped in an
elegant black dress reenforced that impression. Her hazel eyes glared
angrily at us four as she held a glass of what looked to be
champagne. She did not stand still, but fidgeted around nervously._

_"Welcome," Mr. Raymond said politely. "I trust
your trip wasn't too unpleasant?"_

_Becky coughed. "Uh... Yes, sir."_

_"Good," he said, nodding, then looked at the
woman. "Perhaps you should put the glass down for now, granddaughter."_

_Oh shit,
I thought, seeing the resemblance in the two now. Something was up.
Tight-lipped, she obeyed and the glass set
on the desk._

_"So these are them?" she demanded. Her melodious voice would
have
been far nicer to hear without the unconcealed fury in each word._

_"Yes," the archmage affirmed, watching her
carefully._

_She didn't see, or care; all her attention was on us four.
"Which one is it?" she said abruptly._

_I started to frown at that, becoming a little worried. More so when Raymond
pointed at
me._

_"That one."_

_The thin woman snarled, baring her teeth,
"You fucking bimbo doll!" she spat out._

_From somewhere in the folds
of her dress
she whipped out a short knife that glowed black and evil. Before
I could move she threw it right straight at my bare midsection
where my jacket gaped open. I swore the thing seemed to claw through
the air for me, wanting so very eagerly to end my life.
It hit my stomach.
What happened next was almost comical. It
froze in mid-air as it still pointed at me, then the blackness around it
was
extinguished by something within me. It clattered to the tiled floor,
a now-harmless Damascus steel dagger._

_Mr. Raymond shook his head sadly, finally
showing his frustration as his grandchild looked at me and the fallen knife
with
disbelief. "Catherine, I am well and truly disappointed in you. I allowed
your relationship with that idiot, that unattached
necromancer, because I thought it only a fling. But you ALSO began
following his advice and started learning in the black arts of
which I do NOT approve of in others, much less those of my own blood.
I have seen and fought that sort too often to see my line,
my kin, fall into such absolute evil. You have not yet gone very far,
but even using a borrowed cursed blade from one of his ilk
damns you!"_

_The girl paled at his harsh words._

_"Even more," he continued, more heatedly showing
his disgust, "you acted without thinking, and in magic that can be disastrous
if you do not know what you are dealing with." He looked directly
at me and said ominously, "Even I am not fully certain in this
matter."_

_I was trying my best to restrain my defensive
powers, not wanting to anger the archmage by attacking his granddaughter.
It
was a slowly losing battle and I was gritting my teeth and sweating
with the effort._

_"I know about your reactions to attacks,"
he said to me, almost as an aside, "and I appreciate your attempt to stop
it on my
behalf. But Catherine's a damn fool and so has brought whatever
revenge you will exact upon herself."_

_Catherine was backing away in panic as she
saw the wind start swirling around me._

_"Grandfather! You can't!" she pleaded._

_"You did this to yourself, now reap the rewards,"
was his only cold response._

_I couldn't hold back any longer, but neither
was I going to let another chance to control this power pass me by. I was
still
glowing inside with the power I had collected inside the strip bar
and I figured I owed the bitch for her bitchy remarks and then
for trying to kill me. So it was experimentation time, I thought vengefully,
and the winds howled for the archmage's granddaughter,
pinning her to a wall as she screamed in fright. She remained
stuck there like an insect' pinned to a board.
I wondered what would happen if people didn't
scream during their immobilization, for that was how the glowing wind that
escaped from my mouth entered the other person._

_'Bimbo' she said, bimbo
she gets, I thought._

_The black dress on the thin woman began to
strain in all sorts of places as she gained extra flesh over her skinny
frame, then
the fabric gave up and ripped apart, flying open because of the magical
wind. Her hips widened out and her emaciated legs filled
into a more attractive shape. Her waist stayed tiny, though, giving
her a new and exotic silhouette. Catherine's once-thin face
now looked much better than before, high-boned but not so hollow-cheeked,
though it was hard to tell from her shocked and
panicked expression. For I'd decided to do the same to her as I had
to Pam and her previously non-existent breasts were blimping
out insanely, not with flesh like the rest of her but with magical
air. They stopped at a smaller size than Pam's, but only slightly so
that she would be able to get through doors. Perhaps two feet around
I estimated as the flow of wind stopped and she slid,
stunned, to the floor._

_"No, no, no, no..." she whimpered, her eyes
only on her inflated tits, knowing she couldn't pass them off as normal._

_Personally,
I was surprised how much of that glow remained in me, it had diminished
but less than I had imagined it would after fleshing her
out. With meat on her bones she really was quite attractive, but I
don't think she would've thanked me.
Mr. Raymond was breathing a little heavily
at the sight of her new form and I didn't blame him, even if she was his
granddaughter._

_"Peter," he said, and Mr. Suit stepped forward. "Take
Catherine to her suite and make sure she doesn't do
anything rash."_

_"At once, sir." Peter went over and carefully
lifted the shocked young woman, who continued to make a keening sound.
The
ballooned boobs were awkward, but he managed to get her out the doors._

_Mr. Raymond sighed as he watched her
go. "I must apologize for my granddaughter's erratic behaviour; she
has been having
trouble in her life and hasn't dealt with it well at all." He eyed
me with more than a passing interest. "Extremely interesting what
you did though, but less so than your very existence, Mr. Underwood."_

_I jumped at hearing my real name; he nodded, smiling for
the first time. "Yes, I am aware of the tragedy that occurred to your
physical manifestation. I like to be kept informed."_

_Looking at
the others, who had been standing so mutely they seemed to have been
turned into statues, he nodded._

_"Other than the accident, I
must congratulate you young women on your accomplishment. Even before
his soul became stuck in this body, it must have been
something to behold. As for the general interest of the community in
'acquiring' your work," we all shifted nervously, "I have
decided to put an end to it. Your outstanding creation carries a soul
now and is NOT to be thought of as merely property.
Certainly not thought of as helpless, either," he observed wryly, as
we sighed in relief._

_"Thank you, Mr. Raymond," Becky said at last,
and the rest of us nodded._

_"They can ask your group politely if they
want, but I would make sure 'accidents' like the one that caused your trouble,
Mr.
Underwood, be prevented against. The next fellow might not be so lucky,"
he warned._

_Tina nodded again.
"If we do it again, we will." Everyone chuckled._

_The archmage leaned back then and regarded
me curiously. "How flexible are your powers of shape-changing?" he asked._

_I
had to shrug.
"I honestly don't know. Desire was pretty
amazing and I didn't have much time to see everything. Myself, I can likely
do more
but I haven't tried yet."_

_Mr. Raymond looked at me thoughtfully, obviously
trying to decide something, and there was a repressed excitement beginning
to show. Interest in my magical nature, I supposed. At last, he sighed
and leaned forward to put his palms on his desk. "Mr.
Underwood, I have an unusual offer to give you."_

_Puzzled, I looked at the others then faced
him and said, "What offer?"_

_Almost embarrassed, he rubbed his chin with
his hand. "I wish to see you demonstrate a few of your unique talents with
something I believe you have not tried to do yet but think quite possible
for you."_

_"Go on," I prompted._

_"You see," he chuckled at himself, "I am something
of a breast man. I try to repress it as it does not suit my personal liking
but
here I am faced with an opportunity to help you and indulge myself
with two of my fantasies. I am a sex fiend at heart, I fear,
however much I hide it from myself."_

_"I have a girlfriend who likes to fuck a big-breasted
twin of herself, and I've done it with hyperactive twins, I won't worry
overmuch," I said dryly, and he had to smile._

_He reached into a drawer
and pulled out two small stacks of paper that were stapled
together. He pushed them across the desk for me.
"I think you'll find these sufficient to tell
you why I think only you can do this," he explained. "I suggest you sit
down while you
read."_

_"Alright," I said and did so, feeling a bit
weirded out. I flipped the first page of what looked like a script and
started. "You want
to film this?"_

_"I want to do this only once, therefore I
want a private record of the--scenes."_

_Eccentric millionaires, I sighed to myself,
beginning to read.
I was shifting in my seat after the first
script._

_"I see what you mean. You are a breast man, aren't you?" I chuckled
as I
shifted, glad the leather hid my wetness and the jacket my erect nipples.
I had to admit thinking of attempting trying it was
exciting me. "Private?"_

_"This will all be filmed in my mansion," he
affirmed. "The indoor pool I have will do nicely, as for the 'normal female'
parts--"
He looked inquiringly at the others, who were dying of curiosity._

_"Let me see," Debbie asked walking over and
taking the first script while I began the second. We read silently. When
my
friend finished, she looked excited. "What the hell. Sure," she smiled
as she placed the script into Becky and Tina's eager hands.
"If Edgar can, it looks like a blast. I wouldn't mind a copy
of the tape myself," she said with a grin._

_"Excellent." He was watching me finish the
second screenplay.
I gulped as I closed the pages, it was arousing
to say the least, but whether I could actually do it..._

_"You think I can?"
I asked
him, swallowing, then handed the script to Debbie, who was wondering
why I looked so nervous._

_He looked thoughtful, then nodded. "Yes, possibly
quite easily as well. You could always stop if you feel unable to continue,
but I'm very sure it's within your abilities. My personal gymnasium
will do perfectly."_

_"Holy fuck!" Debbie cried, and I didn't blame
her. She passed the script to a puzzled Becky and Tina._

_"Did you want us
three
for this one too?"_

_"If you like," he said with a grin._

_"I'm in then," she replied, shaking her head
in amazement. "I wouldn't miss this for the world."_

_We waited for the other two to finish, and
after startled looks at me, agreed too._

_Mr. Raymond smiled.
"Excellent, and as the star able to actually
able to do these fantasies of mine, Mr. Underwood..."_

_I'd had enough of that reminder of my past
life and interrupted him. "No, that name's dead," I sighed. "Better make
it Ellen.
Ellen Lovecraft."_

_He nodded, and my friends smiled at me, respecting
my choice._

_"Ah, a very well thought-out name!"
Raymond said with a smile, "As I was saying, Ms. Lovecraft, I will
pay you one million
dollars for completing these films. Each," he added with an amused
expression at my slack jaw, which was echoed by the others.
"No, make that one and a half million dollars each. As I said,
I only want to do this once and it will be an excellent preventative
measure for myself for you to have an income. Supporting actresses
will get paid somewhat less, perhaps say three hundred
thousand each -- ah, let's say five instead."_

_He chuckled openly now._

_"You will need it, Ms. Lovecraft, as you do not have any
kind of job right now. If you wish, I can arrange for identification
to be crafted in your new name as well and with a likeness of
your choosing."_

_"Yuh-yuh-yes, thank you, Mr. Raymond!" I stammered._

_"No, thank YOU," he stressed the word.
Pressed a button on the wall, he summoned Mr. Suit, Peter, who soon entered
the
room. "Could you return these fine ladies to their homes now?"_

_"Certainly, sir." He bowed towards the door
and motioned for us to follow him.
As we left, Mr. Raymond said, "Oh, yes! Ms
Lovecraft -- everything should be ready by tomorrow."_

_At our surprised
looks, he
chuckled. "I had a feeling you would be saying 'yes'. Good night, ladies."_

_We left feeling more than a little stunned by our audience
with the powerful archmage.
The limo dropped Debbie off at her apartment
and then us at Becky and Tina's. Once inside, we dropped onto the furniture
before going to bed._

_"This feels so unreal," Becky sighed, rubbing
her face tiredly._

_"We'd better get a lot of sleep tonight,"
Tina advised. "That script made me wet just looking at it but we'll be
DOING it
tomorrow. And do you think you can really do it, Ed...Ellen?" she asked
me, remembering my name change._

_"I'd like to know if I can," I admitted. Both
grinned at my speculative expression._

_Becky licked her lips.
"I can't wait."_

_\* \* \*_

_04.07.09_

_story continues in [**Adventures of a Sex Doll 3**](adventures_sexdoll3.html)

o0o
