---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Weekend with Anya
authors:
- Hazard
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- latex
- corset
- catsuit
- bond
- public
- hum
- bdsm
- toys
- cons/reluct
- X
---

**Chapter 1: Germany Bound**

Anya and I had met on several occasions when she came to New York or
I travelled to Germany on business.  She was our dealer in Germany
and I was her representative.  Typically, my European trips were whistle-stop
tours of several countries with no time for sightseeing so when she asked
me to join her for two major fashion shows in two consecutive weeks, I
was very excited at the prospect of spending some time in one country.
The first show was Tuesday through Friday in Essen, the second from Monday
through Wednesday in Frankfurt.  Anya invited me to stay with her
at her country house over the weekend.

Anya had always excited me although I had done my best to hide it. Tall
and attractive, she had always shown a lot of interest in my ideas and
I had often fantasized about what we might do together if she felt the
same as I did.  I couldn't help but wonder if perhaps I might find
out over that weekend.  All through the weeks leading up to the trip,
I found myself thinking of her, wanting to touch her and to have her touch
me and want me too.  At night I would lie awake touching my breasts
and playing with my pussy imagining it was her fingers bringing me to a
hot climax.

Not wanting to do anything that might damage our relationship, I was
even more reserved than usual during the Essen show.  We were working
very closely together and on several occasions she brushed against me.
My body was at fever pitch and it made me want to scream but I did everything
I could to stay calm and not reveal how much I wanted her. The show finally
came to an end on Friday lunchtime.  By two o'clock we had everything
packed in her Mercedes and we strapped ourselves in for the drive to her
country house. Leaving so early, we missed most of the traffic and were
soon on the autobahn.

We talked about the show for a while and how
successful it had been and then Anya looked over to me and said "I hope
you will enjoy what I have planned for your weekend.  You look tired
and I think a couple of days without having to make decisions will do you
the world of good."

"I place myself entirely in your hands," I replied.  "I'm sure
I'm bound to love whatever you have in mind."

She looked at me for a long moment before replying.  "I was hoping
you'd say that.  I planned a special surprise for you but it will
only work if you trust me totally."

I wasn't quite sure what she meant but my heart leapt in the hope that,
whatever the surprise was, it would involve some level of intimacy between
us.

"Of course I trust you," I said.  "Just tell me what you want
me to do."

"Not yet. Wait until we get home."

We drove on in silence for another half hour, finally pulling up to
a large house set back from the road.  A brick wall ran round the
property and the land around was mostly forest.  I was very impressed.
"It's beautiful. You must be doing very well to be living here," I said,
the first words I had spoken since our earlier conversation.

"Shhh.  Don't say anything," Anya answered.  "Come with me."

We walked up to the heavy wooden door with its big iron hinges that
reached almost all the way across it.  Anya pulled out her key chain
and opened it and we stepped inside.

"Come in here and relax for a few minutes while I get some refreshments,"
she said.

I stepped into a large living room with sumptuous furnishings. 
Anya led me to a big winged armchair that faced the fireplace.  I
sat down and waited excitedly for her to return.  My imagination was
flying to the point where I could feel my pussy getting wet.  I ached
to play with myself but forced myself to keep an outward calm.  But
what was going to happen?  What did Anya have planned?

I didn't hear her come back in the room but suddenly I heard Anya's
voice behind me.  "You did say you'd trust me completely, didn't you?",
she asked.

A "Yes, of course" came out through my mouth although my chest was
tight and my heart was pounding.

"Then relax and put your hands in your lap," she whispered.  "Don't
move them whatever happens.  And don't say a word.  Just relax
and trust me.  I promise you're going to love my surprise."

Slowly her hands appeared in front of my face.  I could see she
was wearing black shiny gloves that ran up her arms and was holding something
black and silky.  As she brought her hands closer to me I realized
that it was a blindfold.  This really must be some surprise, I thought.
Anya pulled the blindfold tight behind my head and I heard a "snick" like
the sound of a small padlock closing.  My heart skipped a beat. I
was vaguely aware that such things existed but I had never had any personal
experience of them.

I heard her come around to the front of the chair and
then I felt her touching my wrist with her slick gloves.  The gentle
touch of the smooth latex on my skin was electric.  I wanted so much
to writhe with the pleasure of it but was still unsure if this was just
some German party game or if Anya was really trying to make me come. 
I felt her wrap something around my wrists and then under my legs just
above the knee. Suddenly I couldn't move my hands.  They were cuffed
to my legs. There was another little click as Anya closed another padlock.

"Trust me," she said again, in a low voice.  I thought I could detect
the same feelings in her voice that I felt in my aching body, but I still
wasn't sure. I wanted to speak but I couldn't trust my voice or what it
might say.

"Now open your mouth, my love."  Hearing those last two words,
I could hardly restrain myself.  She really did want me.  This
was going to be a curious seduction. It was all I could to to refrain from
jumping up and grabbing her and rubbing my throbbing pussy against her
body. I opened my mouth wide, expecting a chocolate or some other tasty
morsel.  Instead I tasted something rubbery that felt like a small
balloon.  Before I could react, she had placed something over my mouth
and again attached it at the back of my head.  Once more I heard a
"snick."

"Don't worry," she whispered.  "You're in safe hands. I promise
you I only want to please you."  I felt the balloon start to inflate
in my mouth, forcing my tongue down. I couldn't speak at all.  All
that came out when I tried to talk was a muffled "mmppphh."

"Now you must listen to me," she said, in a much firmer tone. 
"I said you were to make no decisions this weekend and that is true. 
I will make all decisions for you.  For this weekend, you are my slave. 
You will do exactly what I tell you to do and nothing else.  If you
please me, I will reward you.  If you displease me, I will punish
you. Don't think about escape.  I want you to enjoy this weekend and
you will not be able to if you are frustrated by a failure to achieve your
goal.  Forget everything about your real life and indulge yourself
in the total freedom of mindless slavery. Trust me. Everything I am doing
is to make you happy.  Now I'm going to leave you to think for a while."

As I listened to her talk, my thoughts and emotions fluctuated wildly.
One moment I was horrified that I was trapped and couldn't escape. The
next I was exploding at the excitement of being Anya's slave.  I was
helpless and she could make me do anything.  I had never realized
that I had a submissive side, but now that I was confronted with it, I
was hot with the idea of my helplessness.  I couldn't stop myself
coming and could feel the hot cum dripping between my thighs.  It
was hard to get enough air through my nose.  I desparately wanted
to take a deep breath but the gag was far too full.  And I couldn't
even move my hands or separate my legs.  I thought of trying to get
up but gagged and blindfolded with my knees tied together, where would
I go? If I fell over, which was almost certain to happen, I would have
absolutely no way to get up.  I stayed in my chair, waiting.

After a few minutes of alternating fear and excitement, I heard Anya
come back in.  "Are you ready, slave?" she asked.  With more
than a little trepidation, I nodded.  "Then we can begin!"

I felt her slip a collar around my neck and then a gentle tug. 
I leaned forward and tried to stand up although the cuffs holding my hands
to my knees forced me to lean forward.  I was still very hot with
excitement and I could hardly keep my balance.  All I could do was
walk towards the tug with small steps. We moved slowly this way, me following
her gentle tugs, for a couple of minutes until she told me to stop.

"I'm going to take off some of your restraints now," she said. 
"Please be patient.  Everything will be all right soon."

She
unlocked the padlock on my cuffs and released my arms.  It felt so
good to stand up straight again.

"Now, I'm going to undress you. 
Keep your hands at your sides, whatever you do."

I felt her slowly
unbutton my blouse and remove it.  The feel of her smooth gloves on
my skin set me on fire.  I could feel myself coming again.  Then
she slipped off my skirt.  I heard a little giggle and she said "I
see you're not wearing any panties.  A good thing.  You'd only
have ruined them."

I felt her slowly remove my pantyhose, running her hands
luxuriously down my legs as she did so.  I desperately wanted to touch
her, to caress her latex with my hands, but I didn't dare disobey her. 
I didn't have any idea what "punishment" might mean but I certainly didn't
want to find out!

Finally she unhitched my bra and slowly removed it, caressing my breasts
as she did so. Then I felt her lips tenderly kiss my erect nipples. 
The orgasm just kept going on and on, exploding inside me. I had never
felt like this before - never imagined the ecstacy of being a helpless
slave.

"Now for some more appropriate clothes."  I felt her wrap a corset
around me.  It pushed up my breasts and came down to my hips. 
Anya started to tighten the laces. I grunted as the air was pushed out
of my nose but she went on tightening until I was gasping. Then she tied
off the laces and stepped back.

"There is a chair behind you.  Sit down."  I instinctively
reached my hands out behind me to feel for the chair.  I couldn't
help it with the blindfold on. "Don't you trust me, slave?" Anya snapped. 
"I told you I would take care of you."

I brought my hands back to my sides and made myself sit, sure I would
fall on the floor.  I breathed a tiny sigh of relief (through my nose!)
when I made contact with a hard plastic surface.  "Don't disobey me
again, slave." she ordered.  I nodded vigorously.

The next thing I felt was a light cool dusting which I presumed to be
talcum powder.  Anya rubbed this all over my body driving me into
ecstacy again.  I heard a swooshing noise and then felt her pull something
over my feet.  I soon realized that it was some kind of latex catsuit. 
The feet and legs fit very tightly and I loved the feeling of pressure
on my skin.  When she had worked the legs up to my thighs she made
me stand up again and continued up my body, working it over the tight corset
and fitting my arms into the sleeves.  There were gloves attached
and Anya worked them onto my waiting fingers.  I was already on fire
and the touch of the smooth latex pressing against every inch of my body
was driving me crazy.  When she had me all the way in, she ran a zipper
up the back.  I so much wanted to run my gloved hands over my latex-covered
body but I didn't dare do anything that might stop this.

As soon as she had closed the top of the suit, Anya worked my way into
thigh-length boots. The heels were so high that my toes barely touched
the ground and I had a terrible time keeping my balance. They squeezed
my legs even tighter than the latex so that I couldn't bend my knees at
all. Anya pulled my right arm to my side and I heard a zipper start to
go up.  I realized that the suit had flaps that went over the arms
and zipped up.  I felt the pressure on my right arm as she forced
the flaps together and drove up the zipper, pushing my arm into my side.
I couldn't move my arm or fingers at all!  Then she did the same thing
on the left.  I was firmly encased in the suit and it pressed against
every inch of my body.  I moaned through the gag and I felt her come
so close to my face I could smell her musky scent.  Then she kissed
my gently on my cheek between the gag and blindfold.  The touch was
electric and I climaxed again with a violent shudder.  If I could
have moved my hands at all I would have hugged her and the fact that I
couldn't made the climax even stronger.

My body was getting hotter and hotter inside the latex suit.  My
face felt cool by comparison although I knew it must be very flushed. 
Then she started to pull a hood over my face.  It was also latex and
fit very tightly, pushing the silk blindfold into my eyes so that I couldn't
even blink.  There had to be small holes under my nose because I could
still breathe.  I felt her fit the hood over the gag and pull it down
over my neck.  Now I was hot all over.  The final touch was a
collar that fit over the top of the suit and the bottom of the mask. 
Once that was locked there was no way for anyone to get me out without
the keys.

"How do you feel, slave?" she asked.  "Are you grateful that I
have freed you from your decisions?"

I tried to nod but the collar
held my head completely firm.  I couldn't move at all.  When
I made a slight noise, Anya pumped the balloon even tighter.

"Don't speak.
You are a slave."

I heard her go behind me and felt a click at the back of my neck. Then
I felt a tug, pulling the collar upwards.  She had somehow attached
me to the ceiling and I was pulled harder as she wound up the chain. 
I was terrified.  I could hardly breathe, I was roasting, my feet
barely touched the ground, my hands were useless and I was dangling from
the ceiling.  Now my fear overcame my excitement.  I struggled
helplessly to free my arms, to spit out the gag but I made no impact at
all. I felt her hands move between my legs, touching my wet pussy. 
I realized there was an opening in the suit as I suddenly felt something
firm and wet slip inside me. I felt a strap going around my waist and realized
the dildo was attached to a chastity belt. Anya padlocked the belt on and
then I felt the vibrations surge through my helpless body, nearly driving
me insane.

I stood there in silence, unable to move, with the vibrator forcing
me to a continuous fever pitch of orgasm.  My shudders were uncontrollable
although they were, by necessity, almost totally internal.  The vibration
finally stopped, letting me catch my breath. I tingled all over, loving
the feeling of the tight latex but exhausted and afraid of what might be
next. I assumed that Anya was watching me although she hadn't made a sound
during my efforts. I waited for something, anything to happen.  My
body was getting hotter and hotter inside the latex.  I started to
itch all over but there was nothing I could do about it.  The silence
started to scare me even more.  What if she went off and left me like
this?  I would die.  Trapped and unable to move or to scream
for help. The latex pressed harder and hotter against my body causing every
nerve to scream out.  Breathing through my nose was not giving me
close to the air I needed and I thought I would pass out.

Then suddenly, the dildo started to vibrate again.  In a rush,
I felt another orgasm start to build.  The darkness and pressure and
fear all welled up in a rush and I came ferociously, unable to control
the passion.  The force of my shudder knocked me off my feet and I
found myself hanging by the collar.  Fortunately, this didn't choke
me as it fitted so well around my neck that it didn't move at all.

The power of the dildo-driven orgasm was still on me and although I could
feel my legs flailing around, it took me quite a while to get them back
under me. I had no idea how much time passed.  I couldn't even count
the number of times my emotional pendulum swung between abject fear and
self-pity and ecstatic orgasm.  With no sound and no vision, there
was no way for me to judge the time.  I only knew that I couldn't
fall asleep, no matter how tired I got.  The heat, the fear, the excitement,
the constant pressure of the latex suit and the intermittent throbbing
of the dildo kept me going and coming.

After an eternity, I heard Anya's voice. "Now slave, enough pleasure.
Now it's time for you to serve me like a good slave should."

**Chapter 2: Maid in Germany**

"The nights are for your pleasure, the days are for mine" said Anya.

Slowly, I felt the neck chain loosen and, unable to keep my balance, I
started to fall forwards.  The tight boots stopped my legs from bending
and, having my arms so firmly glued to my sides, I couldn't bend from the
waist either so I just tipped forward on my toes. When my knees encountered
something, my toes left the ground and I slowly fell forward onto a hard
platform.  Anya unhitched the chain from the back of the collar.

"I hope you enjoyed your night" she said.

I mmphd through the gag
but not much sound came out. I heard a faint hiss and felt the balloon
in my mouth deflate.  I still couldn't breath through my mouth because
of the gag, but at least I could move my tongue.  My cheeks and jaws
ached with the release.

Slowly, she undid the collar and removed it from my neck.  Then
she eased the hood off and caressed my face. "You are very beautiful, my
slave.  I have always thought so."

Next, Anya unzipped the arm flaps and my arms fell forward onto the
platform.  They had been so constricted that I couldn't move them
at all at first.  I could hardly remember what they were for. She
unlocked the chastity belt and very slowly pulled the vibrator out of my
sore pussy, teasing back and forth as she pulled it.  When it was
finally out, I felt oddly empty, as though something that had always been
there was now gone. As Anya unzipped the back of the suit, my heart suddenly
jumped to my throat.  Strangely, a not insignificant part of me didn't
want it to come off.  I wanted to keep that feeling of pressure, of
enclosure. At the same time the other half of me was hot and sticky and
exhausted and wanted to get out!  I felt very confused and unsure
of my feelings.

Anya rolled the suit down off my arms and body, fondling my breasts
and gently touching my skin as she did so. I could feel the smoothness
of her latex gloves touching me, bringing me up again, in spite of my tiredness.
My nipples hardened as she squeezed them, making me groan with pleasure.
But I felt too weak to do anything but lie there and let her undress me.
After rolling me over and sitting me up, Anya unlaced my boots and removed
them, then pulled the latex suit down my legs and off my feet. I sat there
blind, dumb, nude and helpless.

"I'm going to remove your gag, but I don't want you to speak. 
Nod if that's OK."

I nodded.

Anya unlocked the gag and took
it off, then slowly and luxuriously kissed me, her lips flowing over mine
and her tongue probing in my mouth.  Her taste was so beautiful after
a night of rubber and I felt my sex coming alive.  I started to respond
to the kiss but as soon as I did so, she pulled away, and I moaned "No!"
as I felt her break contact.

"Bad slave!", Anya giggled.  "No talking.  Now I'm going to
have to gag you again."

The last thing I wanted was that inflated
rubber again and the first thing was Anya's lips on mine but I soon felt
her slip a large ring in my mouth which she pulled forward until it was
pushing behind my teeth then she padlocked it in place behind my head. 
I could breathe, but I couldn't move my jaws at all. Slowly, she kissed
me again, moving her lips all around my mouth.  "That's better," she
whispered.

"And now it's time for a bath.  You're all sweaty and stinky."

She pulled me up by my hands and led me away. After a while we stopped
and she told me to sit down.  Holding my hands, she pushed my gently
backwards and I found myself sitting on a cold hard surface.

"Now
lift your right leg up and over."  I did as I was told and felt my
foot go down into hot foamy water.

"Now the other leg and sit down."

Soon I was in soothing water over my waist. Anya took my hands and cuffed
them to the sides of the bath with soft furry wristcuffs.  Then she
started sponging my face, moving down to my neck and then all over my body. 
I felt her lips on my breasts and her gloved hand slipped between my legs,
working its way slowly towards my pussy.  Being blindfolded hightened
my senses and in spite of my tiredness I found myself getting hotter and
hotter.  I moaned and groaned through the gag, murmoring "eth, eth"
but she teased her fingers closer and closer until I was frantic but she
wouldn't let me come.

After a while Anya let the water out, released my wrists and pulled
me up, helping me over the side of the bath.  Then she dried me with
a towel and sprinkled me all over with scented talcum powder.  Finally,
she led me to the toilet and sat me down so that I could relieve myself. 
I was desperate to go, but I felt strange and helpless sitting nude and
blindfolded, knowing Anya was watching me.  After a couple of minutes
I relaxed and let go.  It made me feel even more excited knowing how
totally Anya was controlling me.  When I was done, she took my hands
with her latex-covered fingers and led me back out.

"Today, you're going to be my angel," she said and started to dress
me, her gentle hands driving me to ecstasy.

When she had finished,
Anya put soft cuffs around my wrists and attached them to the belt she
had put around my waist, forcing my elbows back.  She asked me if
I'd be a good girl and keep my eyes closed if she removed my blindfold.
"I want to brush your hair and I can't do that with the blindfold on. But
I don't want you to spoil the surprise by opening your eyes too soon."

I promised as well as I could with the gag on and she unlocked and removed
the blindfold. I had been blind for so long that I had no difficulty keeping
my eyes closed while she luxuriantly brushed my long hair.  Finally,
when she had finished, she pulled me up and walked me a couple of steps.

"Now, you can open your eyes and see my angel."

I forced my eyes to open and found myself looking in a full-length mirror.
I couldn't believe my eyes.  I was dressed all in white latex: full
length gloves and stockings, garter belt and bra.  The belt and wrist
cuffs were fur-lined white leather as were the ankle cuffs, attached to
each other with a short chain.  I had white high-heeled sandals on
my feet with ankle straps that came just below the cuffs. There was also
a fur-lined white leather collar around my neck. Anya stood behind me in
an almost identical outfit in bright red but without the belt or cuffs. 
"Aren't you beautiful?" she asked and I nodded proudly.  I felt like
a queen.

"Talking requires decisions and I don't want you making any decisions
so you have to promise me not to talk if I take off your gag.  OK?"

I nodded and Anya removed my gag.

"All I want to hear from you is
'Yes, mistress' or 'No, mistress' when I ask you a question.  OK?"

"Yes, mistress,' I said in a submissive voice.  I was so happy
to have the gag off and to be dressed so sexily I would have done anything
to please her.

"Then let's have breakfast," she said and led me to the kitchen, walking
slowly so that I could keep up.

"Make us something to eat.  I want to watch you move," she said. 
I certainly did have to move as I could hardly reach anything with my hands
cuffed to my sides.  With a lot of effort, I got some bread, butter
and jam out of the fridge and made sandwiches.  I could feel Anya's
eyes on me as I struggled to reach things, twisting my body so my hands
could reach.  I felt fabulous being her slave and I knew that my movements
were turning us both on.

Of course, I couldn't feed myself and Anya tenderly fed me, running
her hands over me and caressing me as she did so. When we had finished,
Anya told me that there was a bondage fair that afternoon and I would go
as her slave.  At first I was horrified at the thought of going out
in public this way, but she assured me that everyone there would be perfectly
at ease and that I had nothing to worry about.  Then she led me to
a bedroom and suggested I get some sleep so I would be fresh for the fair. 
She helped me lay down on the bed and then attached chains to my ankle
cuffs and collar. She pulled these tight and then put a white silk blindfold
over my eyes.

For the first time since the previous afternoon, I was able
to think. I tried to analyze my feelings but they were still confused. 
I had never been so turned on in my life.  I wondered what my friends
and co-workers would have thought if they could see me.  My life before
this weekend seemed pale and distant as if it had happened to someone else.
I didn't think I'd be able to sleep being so excited but tiredness and
darkness got the better of me and I eventually dozed off.

I awoke to feel Anya removing my chains.  "Time to go," she said,
and pulled me gently to my feet.  I felt her put a loose-fitting thigh-length
latex jacket over me.  "That's to keep you warm on the drive," she
said.  "And I don't want just anyone to see your nipples," she giggled,
squeezing them.

Anya hooked another chain to the front of my collar and led me out to
the car.  She helped me into the back and fastened my seat belt, cinching
it up tight.  As my hands were still cuffed to my waist, I couldn't
reach the release.  I heard her get in the front and we drove off. 
I was very nervous about being seen like this but I kept telling myself
that no-one would know who I was or was ever likely to see me again.

After a while, the car stopped.  Anya got out and opened my door.
"I'm going to use a cloth gag this afternoon.  It won't hurt but it
will stop you from speaking by accident.  I'd hate to have to punish
you while we're at the fair."  She slipped the cloth in my mouth and
tied it behind my head.  Then she kissed my over the gag, licking
my lips.  "You really are an angel, aren't you, my slave?"

"Mphh mphmph" I responded.

She helped me out of the car and we walked for a while until I could
hear voices, mostly speaking German.  I stood obediently when Anya
stopped leading me, not that I could do much else with the halter and blindfold. 
Anya had several conversations with people and I sensed that much of the
talk was about her new slave.  A couple of people came up and stroked
me seductively.  Then someone unzipped my jacket and fondled my nipples!

Suddenly I felt very ashamed.  I didn't want anyone but Anya to see
me or touch me.  These people were treating me as if I were a new
puppy or a doll - as if I had no feelings.  I wanted to tell her it
was all off - to take me home and let me go but the gag made that impossible. 
I started to cry under the blindfold. I was devastated.  This was
not what I had expected and it wasn't what I wanted but I was helpless.
I heard someone ask Anya in English if I was for sale!  I was afraid
she would say yes and I would become the property of some sadist but she
giggled and said she hadn't finished with me yet.

"Perhaps when I grow tired of her."

The afternoon went on and on with Anya leading me from group to group,
showing me off and letting people fondle me and kiss me however and wherever
they wanted.  I became more and more miserable and ashamed until I
just wanted to die. After what seemed like an eternity, Anya said her goodbyes
and led me silently back to the car.  She must have been aware of
my sobbing on the drive home but all she said was "You were a big hit,
slave.  I knew they'd love you.  Mistress Greta was green with
envy.  You're ten times more beautiful than her slave."

I was furious and ashamed and I was ready to let Anya have it as soon
as she took off my gag.  I intended to tell her exactly what I thought
and make her drive me back to my hotel.  Then I'd be on the next plane
back to New York.  I let her lead me back into the house and waited
my chance.

"You feel degraded, don't you?" she asked when we were back inside.
"You thought that being a slave was all pleasure.  You thought that
all this was just play-acting, didn't you?"

I kept quiet, trying
to appear submissive in the hopes that she would untie me.

"And you
greatly improved my reputation as a harsh mistress with your crying!" she
laughed.  "So I'm going to reward you.  But first, I sense a
little rebellion.  I don't think you love your mistress very much
right now.  I think I need to teach you some humility.  You have
forgotten your place."

Without removing my cuffs, Anya tied a rope around my arms above the
elbows and pulled it tight, forcing them almost together.  Then she
unlocked the wrist cuffs and pulled my hands together behind my back. With
my elbows tied, I couldn't even struggle.  She wrapped another rope
around my wrists and ran it through my fingers pulling my palms together
and forcing my fingers apart before she tied it off.   I felt
something pulling my arms upwards towards the ceiling, forcing me to bend
from the waist.  She then undid the halter chain and stretched my
feet apart, locking them to a bar.  Helpless again, a little of the
morning's feeling crept back but I held on tight to my anger.

She brushed something over my ass and then I felt her lightly whip me.
"I'm going to take that gag off now.  You better limit yourself to
'Yes, mistress', 'No, mistress' and 'Thank you, mistress' or you're going
to be very sore."

She untied the gag and removed it.  I licked
my lips with my dry tongue but said nothing.

"What do you say?" she
asked.  I hesitated.  She whipped me again, much harder this
time.  It stung like crazy.

"What do you say?"

I surrendered. 
"Thank you, mistress."

Again she whipped me.  "I didn't hear
you, slave."

"Thank you, mistress."

For several minutes, she continued to whip me, sometimes hard, sometimes
gently, sometimes lightly against my pussy.  Each time as I responded
"Thank you, mistress" I found myself submitting a little more.  I
was getting hot in spite of myself.  Then she stopped the whipping
and I felt her kissing my backside.  Her tongue moved closer to my
sex and I groaned.  She brought her tongue lower and lightly licked
my pussy.  She knew exactly how to drive me and I was drowning in
myself, groaning and thrusting under her expert tongue until I exploded
in the most violent orgasm I had ever experienced.  I hung there gasping,
forgetting everything in that total release.

Several minutes passed with me trying to calm my breathing.  Then:
"What do you say?"

"Thank you, mistress."

"Am I forgiven?"

"Yes, mistress."

Anya released the rope holding me to the ceiling and I eased myself
upright.  She removed my blindfold and turned me to face her.

"You may kiss me now, slave," she said and I did, hungrily pushing my tongue
deep into her; sucking on her sweet lips.

My anger was forgotten
as excitement and passion took over.  I wanted so much to hold her,
to touch her, but my arms were still tied firmly behind my back. 
She kissed back as hungrily as me but then pulled away, leaving my lips
bruised and aching from the loss. Anya detached the bar from my legs and
took me back upstairs.  She took me to the bathroom and helped me
relieve myself.  It was much easier the second time, and I watched
her hungrily as she took care of me.  Then we went to the kitchen
where she fed me some cold meat and cheese with a cup of coffee. 
I felt so helpless with my arms tied behind me but it felt so good to have
Anya taking care of me.

As we ate, Anya told me how much she had been looking forward to this.
She said she had wanted me to be her slave ever since she had first met
me but she had to wait until she was sure how I would react.  Even
on the drive down she had not been sure until I had said I was in her hands.

When we had finished, she kissed me again, running her gloved hands
over my body.

"Tonight I have something special planned for you," she said. 
"I just know you're going to love it."

2001
