---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Suede Bomber Jacket
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- MF
- school
- activities
- photography
- leather
- outdoors
- voy
- tease
- Sbf
- handcuffs
- M-f
- discover
- tickle
- spank
- arousal
- oral
- climax
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2019-06-01 00:00:00
---

*This story is an embellished story based loosely on true events, there was a real Jane.*

During the last three or 4 days of the school term school use to shut down and the teachers would organise “activity days” this would give the chance for students to mix with older and younger students and bond over a shared interest. This particular year I had chosen photography. I did not have many friends going through school and the ones I did have were all about sports, well that was not me! Don’t get me wrong, I did play sports, just not the popular ones, I was firmly in the middle ground. I did swim, played badminton and figure skated all at country level. It’s just the jock sports, football, rugby did nothing for me. I certainly was not going to spend these days playing either of them. That left me with the geeks who also like photography. I say I was in the middle ground because I got on with both sets of people, the geeks and the jocks, but was not part of their groups. I was sort of alienated slightly from each, I had the physic of a jock but the personality of a geek.

I rocked up at the photography group and introduced myself. I heard a girl’s voice from the back of the group, I recognised immediately, it was Jane. I knew Jane, she was a geek, straggly blonde hair which she always had slicked back into a pony tail. She wore glasses, and always looked slightly plump in her school uniform, she was in either the year above me or two years above me. I never really given her a second look.

“What?” I said somewhat impatiently as I she always muffled what she said.

“I said welcome to the group”, she pushed her way to the front and my jaw hit the floor. She was taller than I remembered, her glasses were gone, her hair was clean and was flowing down in sexy waves, she was made up with purple metallic eye shadow, she had on a white cropped tshirt, a black denim miniskirt, black suede boots and a black suede bomber jacket with what turns out to be 34d pert breasts poking through. Jesus, I thought, I am going to have to get to know this girl much better.

I think she must have read my mind as she walked over to me, grabbed my hand, “You’re with me, we need partners for the 4 days”. When did she become so sure of herself?

We spent the first day together, and at 4pm she said well I gotta go, my ride will be waiting for me. She lived in the next village, I watched her wiggly little bum all the way till she jumped in her mums old 4 x 4.

The next morning, I waited for her outside the school gates, I was early. Her mum’s car pulled up, and she jumped out, same gorgeous girl, make up done flawlessly, same outfit except this time a leather skirt, and black crop top. I thought as she jumped out the 4x4 a glint of something in her belly button. I really hoped it was a piercing, I love them!

She walked over to me and waved at her mum who waved back and pulled out. We walked slowly towards the gates and I looked back over my shoulder to make sure her mum was gone, she was still there and gave me a wink and made a motion to say put your arm around her. I did, and Jane smiled, I looked back again, and her mum had a huge grin. I thought mums would be much harder to please, a boy near her baby girl and all that!

I remember the smell of her hair but mostly the intense smell of new suede that came from her jacket, it was simply the most erotic thing I had ever experienced at that point in my life. As we walked towards the school, she pulled out a crumpled packet of cigarettes, she offered me one, and looked at me deeply, “You tell anyone I smoke and I will kill you” she said seriously, she ushered me into a gap between two of the school buildings where kids would oftentimes go to have crafty cigarette.

We spent the morning learning about various techniques and how to apply them, and then were given tasks to go off and do as pairs. In my camera arsenal I had a 500mm telephoto lens that my father had used when he did some photography work one of the papers. So, we were tasked to take photographs using this lens and record where we took the photo to give the other students and idea of just how much range this lens had.

Jane said that she had an idea and that we should walk to the other end of the village and go up into the cornfield, we could then pick out some photographs of houses, people and alike from there, as it’s about half a mile out of town. Perfect, the corn was about thigh high. It took us about 20 minutes to doordle up there, smoking as we went, about half way, Jane pulled out a bottle of 20/20 (basically an alchopop by today standards) she took a big swig and handed me the bottle. By the time we got to the field most of it was gone and it seemed a little warmer than it was when we set off.

We set up our tripod, mounted the camera, and set about our task of taking pictures of anything interesting we could spy through this monster lens. After half an hour or so Jane must have gotten bored and was wandering off to the far side of the field, the furthest point away from the town. After 10 minutes she was just a small spot on the horizon. However, I thought I could swing the camera around and take some pictures of her from a distance, after all I certainly found her “interesting”. So, I swung the camera around, and could see her clearly, nearly at the edge of the field where it turned into a forest. Just as she was about to reach the forest she turned around and waved, I waved back. I watched through the camera as she raised a single index finger with her palm facing me to say wait there a minute. She then unzipped and removed her jacket removed her top and I could now clearly see her stunning breasts in the midday sun she giggled her breasts at me and made as show of dropping her top on to floor and then turned walking into the forest putting her jacket on. Just as she disappeared there was a glint of sunshine that must have hit a metal or glass surface by her pocket, it looked like she had pulled something out of her pocket. I assumed it was most likely more booze!

I went back to the task in hand figuring she would be back in a few minutes, every five minutes or so I swung the camera back around to check if she was visible again. She had not reappeared by the time I had finished the roll of film and packed up all the kit. I was not lugging that lot by myself that was for damn sure, so I went across to the hedge and tucked in the packed cases of camera equipment underneath it. Hardly anyone walked through or by this field so I figured it would be safe enough there. I then proceeded to the forested area where I had last seen Jane. I found her crop top on the floor at the entrance to the forest. I shouted her name and she shouted back “Come and find me” her voice echoed around a bit, but I followed it as best as I could. After a few minutes I heard Jane say “Over here” I turned and there she was, wow. She was stood under a tall tree with a branch just above her head. Her hands were held around this branch by a shiny set of handcuffs. Her jacket was open, and she had nothing on underneath.

I walked towards her, “What are you doing!”, I exclaimed, not that I did not appreciate the situation. “Shut up and come kiss me” she said, which I did. I did not want to totally take advantage of her, but I did admire the view. “Where is the key?” I asked, “Not telling you, it’s safe, and hidden, why don’t you try and find it?”. I looked around on the floor, nothing obvious, then I though it must be reaching distance for her, but nothing. I then started to walk away, “Colder” she said, I walked back towards her “warmer” she said, I tool another step towards her “warmer”, another step so I was now almost face to face with her “hotter” she said, I put my hand in her jacket pockets “hotter” she said.

This went on until I eventually slid my hands up her legs, which she kindly parted I as I went up, I soon felt her underwear which was made of the same leather as her skirt, but there was a small hard lump located right under where her clit would be. I slid my hand in there, she was very wet, I fumbled around and after a few minutes pulled out a small key on a single ring. “Oh, you could break me doing that” she said. “Shut up, I am not finished with you yet young lady, do you know how dangerous what you have done could have been? anyone could have found you. Anything could have happened. I think you need to be taught a lesson.”

I wanted to find out if she really was stuck there or if the handcuffs were some sort of gimmicked ones. So, I walked behind her and tickled her sides and tummy. She laughed and bucked but the cuffs stayed locked. I looked at her pert bum under her leather skirt, and gave it a firm whack with my hand, she laughed and said, “is that punishment sir, because you can do that a lot harder….. please”. Right I thought, so I hitched up her skirt, her underwear was indeed leather, a jet-black leather thong, I landed a hard blow on her ass check, she jumped but still the cuffs stayed firmly locked.

I walked around to her front side and knelt in front of her. I ran my hands up and down her legs and then gently moved her underwear to one side and buried my tongue deep into her. She was bucking and moaning in no time. I carried on, harder and faster, the more she bucked the faster and harder I went. After a few minutes her body was shaking and she was trying to pull away, sorry but this is a punishment, just not the sort you were expecting. I grabbed the back of her boots about calf height and pulled her back towards me. After a few more minutes she slumped down, just the handcuffs holding her up. I stopped and watched her for a full five minutes while her body was shaking, the shaking started to subside, and her breathing returned to almost normal. I took the key, supported her and unlocked one of the handcuffs, allowing her to sit down under the tree. The open handcuff dangled from her wrist.

Eventually she looked at me and said, “That was the best punishment I have ever had”. It was getting late and we really should be heading back to be at the school for collection. “Stand-up” I ordered her. She did. I grabbed the dangling handcuff and swung her arm behind her back, before she knew what was happening, she was tightly cuffed behind her back. I grabbed her open jacket pulled her close and kissed her deeply. Afterwards I half zipped up her jacket, so just a small amount of naked breast was poking out, put my arm through hers and started to walk back towards the camera kit. She hesitated at first, I turned to her, showed her the key, and said, "This is mine now, you’d better get use to going places with those handcuffs on, your going to be wearing them a lot." She looked at me, and without hesitation, she said “yes Master”.

I did let her out briefly when we got back to the camera kit, so she could put on her crop top. However, before she put on her jacket, I cuffed her behind her back again then draped the soft suede jacket over her shoulders taking in the intoxicating aroma of the material, zipped it up so the cuffs were not visible. I then walked her right through the town back at the school I ushered her into our secret smoking spot where I let her out. I put the cuffs back in her jacket pocket, and again showed her the key, “I am keeping this. Maybe, if you are good you will get it back tomorrow.”

“Tomorrow is Saturday, are we meeting up, like a date?” she said.

“Tomorrow morning I have to go into town to meet my new girlfriend who is having her nipples pierced.” I said. She looked down at the floor disappointed, then the penny dropped, and she looked at me with a smile from ear to ear. We kissed for a minute or two to seal the deal and then I watched as she skipped off towards the old 4 x 4.

TBC.
