---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bondage Reality
authors:
- Jya Byrd
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- scifi
- chastity
- scolds-bridle
- gag
- chair
- straps
- cons
- X
date: 2023-04-14 00:00:00
---

### PROLOGUE

Forty-seven years ago

"This sucks! Just because I got fired (Stupid boss don't know nuthin') I gotta help my stupid Uncle sort this shit.

"It will be fun, you'll learn stuff,' Bullshit. When he said it was from a castle, I thought there'd be iron maidens and chastity belts and stuff."

He continued to paw through a box of oddly shaped metal pieces. "Does this have writing on it? Hey. Maybe I can make a big discovery and get my face on Mount Rushmore!" He spit on it to make it easier to read. "Then I can pass a law so more people will have to wear chastity belts and want to be tied up."

There was no writing. Having forever changed the world, he tossed the metal back in the box and decided he deserved a cigarette break.

The D'Nor wanted to explore the universe. They also wanted to stay home. Sothey did both. Using their wonderful science, they sent portals to every planet that had life. When the ports were opened, the D'Nor would explore the world and thank the being that allowed them to visit.

The doors were small because D'Nor were tiny. VERY tiny. Planck was an optimist.

A sample of DNA from the host would be required to open the door. Sperm was best, blood almost as good.

Saliva wasn't well liked at all, but it was a slow day.

The door opened and then closed three attoseconds later. In that time the D'Nor entered, explored, granted his request and changed a number of other things they felt we had gotten wrong.

Then they returned to their homes to enjoy what we had added to their culture: Beer and spicy meat sticks.

### Chapter One

Now

Not our Now, but a now that is happening nowish.

"Moooooooooooooooooommmmmm I gotta Goooooooooooooo!" Kelly wailed.

"Just sit next to me for a few minutes. It's not every day that my daughter turns twenty-one."

"But my friends are waiting! I gotta go NOW!"

"They can wait a few more minutes. It was just about this time that you entered my life. Oh you were such a beautiful baby."

"What's wrong with your bed? The sheets are too slippery! I don't wanna..." With that, Kelly closed her eyes and fell back, asleep.

"Yes, it was exactly at this time. Girls! She's in the sleep!"

Two young women entered the bedroom. "Was I really that whiny?" The taller one asked.

"Yes Beth. If anything, you were worse."

"My mom keeps telling me horror stories of what I did." Her friend added, "My brother Bobby is only three months away from the sleep. Mom can't wait."

"Dad has the van all loaded, Monica and I will take care of Kelly. You go have fun!"

"Monitoring her through the change is thirty percent of out final grade." Monica added.

"Four weeks of non-stop bondage," The mother said in wonder, "I've waited so long for this!"

"Okay, we're jealous, now go!" They shooed the mother from the room and looked down at the sleeping girl. "What do we do first? Strip the bed or strip her?"

"I'll start on the bed," Monica said, "You handle your sister."

Kelly was wearing the garish clothes of the young; Clashing colors, feathers and yarn twisted in her hair and heavy make-up. As with all girls before the change, she did not yet possess a woman's curves.

"Wow, she has gotten really chubby!"

"It's instinct." Monica commented, "They need every ounce of fat to sustain them for the next three days." She had stripped off the cover sheet, revealing a layer of white rubber. Beth was still undressing her sister. "Did you hear? Abigail got accepted at Vassar!"

"Lucky fawn." Kelly was soon lying on the bed wearing a loose linen gown. They had removed most of the make-up but soon gave up trying to get the feathers out of her hair.

In a few hours it really wouldn't matter.

"Now what?"

"Now we...monitor." Beth said. "Write this down, 'Victim was prepared and is still asleep.'"

"Victim?" Monica asked dryly. "I'll say 'subject.' And why am I the recording secretary?"

"I supplied the sister. Besides, no-one can read my writing."

"It does look like someone gave a one-legged chicken a hot foot." Monica admitted. "Any sweat yet?

"That starts in hour six."

"So what do we do until then?"

Beth pulled a drawer open. "I'm going to snoop." In the first drawer she found a chastity bra. "This thing is vintage!"

Monica whipped off her wrap-around skirt. "This isn't!"

"You got a new belt!" Beth said happily, "Is that a Blue Belle?"

"The newest and the bluest! And you said no one ever wins those contests."

"It looks great on you, I'm stuck in a Crotch Locket."

"As long as it keeps our bodies pure and our minds dirty." Monica said, quoting a Public Service Announcement.

"Damn," Beth complained. "Now I'm getting horny and it's at least a week until I can cash out for some O time. How about you? Have you earned enough points? Last time you almost stayed locked."

"I have to have enough. Six weeks between orgasms is rough, but three months would be impossible!"

Beth looked at her friend, "Are you going to make it?"

"It's going to be close, "Monica admitted, "I just hope this new belt will help me to get my grades up.

"As your friend it is my duty to inspire you! Besides," Beth noticed, "We have to do something for the next three days."

"It's your house, you know where all the toys are."

Beth looked around the room. "Most of my stuff is in the dorm. I only have a few of the basics here...But I'll bet my folks have some great... Wait a minute...Mom is a fashion designer. That chair does not go with the rest of the room!"

"And you mention this why?"

Beth felt along the back of the overstuffed chair. A devilish smile accompanied the twin 'clicks' as the chairs secret was unlocked. She lifted the soft shell, revealing a wooden and leather punishment chair.

"My parents have the same chair in their bedroom." Monica said as she removed the rest of her clothing.

Beth examined the chair. "I'll figure this thing out. You see if you can find some headgear.

"Won't your mom mind that I'm using her gags?"

"I was racking my brains for the perfect gift for them when they returned from their cruise. New gags are always appreciated."

Monica whistled. "I don't know what this is, but I love it!"

Beth's evil grin returned. "You haven't taken Historic Restraints yet. You found a brank!"It was all metal and had a large covering for the mouth, thin straps on the side of the head and a third strap that went over the top.

"Is that a good thing?"

"It's fun for us. A few hundred years ago it was a punishment at best, but usually an instrument of humiliation and often torture. There is a rubber-covered gag plate in there that holds your tongue down. The original ones used a cutting blade. The worst one had spikes that punctured cheeks, tongue and the roof of your mouth.

"That one was put on witches as they were led to the gallows so they couldn't cast any spells before they died.".

Monica looked at it dubiously. "Now I'm not sure I want to try it on."

Beth quickly looked in the closet for the keywand. It was hanging on its hook. "It was also called a Scold's Bride or Bridle. The town gossip would be paraded around in it, teaching her to keep quiet.

"If it was not for the honor of the thing, she would much rather walk. Or something like that."

"Mark Twain?" Beth guessed.

"Lincoln!" Monica corrected. "Didn't you pay attention in..." Beth prevented any more comments by pressing the front of the brank against Monica's face. Monica's mouth opened to accept the gag and a chin plate forced her to close her mouth around it.

All three straps met at the back of her neck. A single padlock prevented the device from being removed.

After securing the gag, Beth stepped back and admired her friend. Monica shifted it a bit, trying to find the most comfortable position. She made a few grunts but soon gave up trying to talk. Beth knew from experience that even a rubber-coated gag plate was very effective.

"Your Stool of Repentance awaits!" Beth said, motioning towards the chair. Monica tilted her head a bit, indicating confusion. "You'll get it next semester." Now sit!"

She sat.

The chair did not have an actual seat. Instead the front legs made a left turn and became something to sit on. The chairs arms were attached to the legs and seat combo.

Monica watched in pleasure as Beth wrapped the wide leather straps around her limbs and buckled them to the wood. When she had finished, Monica was held at the ankles, below and above the knees, upper thighs, upper and lower arms and wrists.

"Comfy?" Beth asked brightly." Whatever sarcastic remark Monica might have made was lost to her gag.

"Oh look," Beth said in mock amazement, "More straps." Soon a length was secured under her breasts and another lower on her stomach, just above her belt.

Monica heard metal scrape behind her, followed by a collar being clamped around her neck, forcing her head up. Other than wiggling her fingers and toes, Monica was unable to move

"Can you imagine this if we weren't belted?" Beth asked enviously. "Some buck pounding us all night long!"

Monica moaned at the thought. She needed to cum now and that just wasn't possible.

As she relaxed in her bonds, her eyes eased shut, then opened widely as she felt sweet vibrations on her chastity belt. "Stop, please stop!' she tried to say but her gag garbled her words.

She wasn't just locked in a chastity, she was wearing a Blue Belle! The commercials showed a girl named Nanette trying to vibe her belt for pleasure. Everyone near her would cry: "No, No Nanette" as the belt activated.

Monica felt the spreading numbness cool her passion. In seconds she lost all feelings under the belt. Her need to cum was gone, as was her enjoyment of her bondage.

Using ASL she finger-spell 'Gag' and it was quickly unlocked. "What's wrong?" Beth asked.

"You can't vibe-cheat a Blue Belle. It numbed me."

"Damn, I forgot about that. So what do we do now?"

"Monitor our victim." Monica said sadly.

A few hours later Monica was starting to get some feelings back. As the areas numbed were also untouchable it was hard to be sure. Beth had nothing to say on the subject

Monica smiled as she watched her friend strain to cum in the punishment chair. The Crotch Locket may have been old, but it worked all too well. It did not allow vibrations to reach Beth's dripping pussy, even with a vibrator taped to the front shield.

She flipped through her text book. "According to this chart, her temp should start to rise soon." She looked at her phone. "Nothing yet."

Beth grunted in frustration. "Didn't you see the latest ad? If anyone can cum from stimulation while locked in a Blue Belle, The President of the company will wear their full body chastity for a year!"

Monica sat on Beth's bound leg. "The only way I'm gonna cum is by keeping my grades up." Monica's thumb traced a pattern around her captive's nipple. "So I was thinking..." She leaned over and traced the same pattern with her tongue. "We sign up for the doubles program." She sucked the hard point into her mouth.

Tears were leaking down Beth's face. It felt so good! She would have agreed to anything, if only she could cum!

In the doubles program, both people had to get the required number of points or neither would be allowed to cum. The advantage was: if they both passed, they would enjoy their freedom together.

The buzzing of a phone stopped any further breast play.

"She's starting to cook!" Monica declared happily! Beth was released so the pair could watch the wonder of her sister.

Five minutes later, a few drops of sweat dotted Kelly's forehead. More blossomed as they watched. Rivulets of sweat were soon streaming down her body.

For the next hour Beth and Monica were kept busy sponging up the sweat that collected in pools beneath her body. Her sodden shift had been discarded as it only slowed them down.

"How long does this go on?" Monica panted. "She's making this room into a sauna!"

"It'll ease in a few hours, but she'll stay warm until she wakes. I put the AC on in my room, Why don't you try and get some rest? I'll take the first watch."

"I'm too keyed up to lie down. I'll probably be walking the floors all night."

"Wanna bet?"

Monica licked her lips in anticipation as she looked at her friend. "Oh?"

"You watch Kelly while I prepare your nights destination."

Monica continued to bathe Kelly, wondering what restraint her roommate had planned. As much as she enjoyed their bondage play, she had to get her grades up. It may have been stylish to wear the hottest belt, but it was incredibly frustrating too. She needed to cum.

For the thousandth time she examined her prize. Blue tinted metal arched over her hips forming an arrow which pointed to her sex. A complicated weave of metal flowed from this point to hide her pussy from view and touch. This weave ended near her anus, becoming an EZ-CLEAN cable that melded with the rear of the belt.

As she had been locked in a hood when it was put on her, she didn't know where the lock was or how it was secured. It seemed to be a single piece.

Flat cables ran down her hips to the blue thigh bands that prevented her from spreading her legs. A ridiculously short one inch cable connected the two bands. "Look at me, I'm a trend setter." She thought sardonically.

Still, it could have been worse. This belt was the third prize. Second was an ensemble that included a locking bra.

First prize was their full body chastity. That was too much of a good thing!

Beth returned and, after a quick trip to the bathroom, Monica was ready.

The air conditioning in Beth's room was a shock to someone who had been sweating a free minutes before. The sleep sack on the bed was a pleasant surprise.

"Where did you get that beauty?" Monica asked in awe.

"My Uncle John gave it to me for my 21st birthday. Wanna give it a test drive?"

Monica wiggled her feet into the belt. The cold leather felt wonderful after all the basking she had endured. Her arms sled down sheaths that ended in stiff leather pouches for her hands. Beth reached in and buckled the attached wrist straps.

"Why didn't you bring this treasure to college?"

"Because either you would have frozen or I would have boiled every night." Beth pulled the long zipper, trapping Monica in a snug leather prison. A locking collar completed her prison. "Be right back!" She promised

Returning she said, "Still sweating a ton. When do her tits start to grow?"

Monica frowned. "Do I look like I can get to my text book right now?"

"Well if you're going to be that way about it." Beth commented and put a blindfold on her willing friend.

"How long?" Monica asked seriously.

"Four hours, so I'll skip the gag."

"Agreed." Monica raised her voice. "Self bondage monitor on!"

"Activated." Said an unseen voice.

"Go watch your sister, I'll be fine."

"You don't get off that easily." Beth said and began to attach the elasticized ropes to the side of the bag. Soon her cocooned friend could barely wiggle.

"If I don't get my grades up, I won't get off at all!"

Beth lay on top of her friend and kissed her deeply. "Thanks for helping me with sis. It means a lot to me. YOU mean a lot to me. I'm looking forward to finally getting to lick that sweet pussy of yours." Then, leaving her bound lover, Beth returned to watch her little sister become a woman.
