---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Demonstration
authors:
- Neale Suddens
tags:
- M-f
- stage
- display
- wrap
- bandages
- cocoon
- sarcophagus
- encased
- transported
- cons
- X
date: 2002-01-20 00:00:00
---

"What we do in the name of education." said my girlfriend Julie as
she stripped off her clothes and pulled a swimsuit on.

As I admired
her trim 35-year-old body that I had come to know and love so much I thought
back to how we had got to this point. Me sitting and admiring her
as she got changed in the dressing room of the main auditorium, what sounded
like a thousand kids, parents and other teachers all sitting outside waiting
impatiently for her and me to begin the demonstration. It had all started
with a simple statement by Julie over drinks one night.

"I am trying to explain to my class how the Egyptians lived and died
and how a mummy was made. I want to take them to the museum and show
them a real mummy, but does that bring it alive to them? Any ideas?"
she asked.

This was the situation any real mummification frantic spends
his whole life dreaming about!

"Well" I started, "How about making a sarcophagus out of wood and then
the kids could decorate it in genuine style. They could make a mask
out of papier-mâché and paint it. Finally I could come
and demonstrate a real life wrapping on a subject, who we would then place
in the sarcophagus they had made. That would bring it all very close
to home to them when they visit the museum."

"What a great idea." exclaimed Julie. "But who would volunteer to be
wrapped in layers and layers of linen?"

"You" was my one word reply.

"Me?"

"You."

"ME!!"

"YOU!!!"

This went on for some time, but finally I convinced her over several
wines that it was the duty of every teacher to make sacrifices for the
sake of education!

She finally agreed that she would be my model
and we set the details.

Over the next few days I spend hours in the garage making a sarcophagus
out of wood board and ensuring it had a lovely lid to match. I must
admit my plans for the box may have gone past the immediate use, but that
comes later. Julie used the time to write up lots of handouts and informational
posters to be shown around the classroom and school.

Finally the day came and I watched her change into a comfortable outfit.
Julie had questioned me on why she needed to strip off all possible clothes,
but I had assured her that otherwise the heat build up would be unbearable.
I walked a foot behind her on onto the stage as the headmistress had announced
to the school that the demonstration would begin now and that the beautiful
sarcophagus had been decorated by form 4.

I must admit the students had done a fantastic job of making the sarcophagus
look as realistic as possible. Hieroglyphics covered the outer surface.
The inner surface had been painted pure black. The mask had been
lovingly made out of layers and layers of papier-mâché and
then painted with a very realistic Egyptians woman's face.

Julie explained to the audience how when a high status person in Egypt
died, there body would be preserved for the journey to the afterlife.
This would involve firstly removing all the internal organs and preserving
them in canopic jars. She explained how the brain was considered
of little importance and would be thrown away once extracted via the nose.
Then a separate jar would be used to hold the liver, stomach, intestines
and lungs. Natron would then be used to dry the body out and after 35 days
the body would be completely desiccated. Finally the empty body would be
packed with herbs and spices and the outer skin rubbed with five oils:
frankincense, myrrh, palm, lotus, and cedar.

Finally she lay on the table in the middle of the stage and announced
she was ready to be wrapped for placement in the sarcophagus. That
was where I came in. Using linen strips I had prepared over the last
few nights and a couple of very willing other female teachers from the
school, I started at Julie's legs.

I wrapped each leg from her toes to groin separately at first and then
wrapped a second layer over the top from her feet to her upper chest.
Julie smiled at me as the movement started to disappear from her body.
Next her arms were wrapped separately and then placed across her chest,
left to right and right to left. I placed several amulets on her body and
then proceeded to wrap a third layer from her feet all the way up her body
to her neck, enclosing the amulets inside the wrapping.

Finally a single wrapping was carefully applied over her head, making
very, very certain this precious package could still breathe. Then
I placed the mask over her face and leaning close over it asked in a whisper
if she was ok.

"Perfectly fine, but I can't move a bloody muscle. How is it going
down?" she asked.

"They are spell bound." I replied.

I announced to the audience that she was ready to be placed in the sarcophagus.
We lifted the white clad mummy off the table and stood her in the sarcophagus
that was lying propped up in the centre of the stage. Spreading rose
petals all over her, a bit of poetic license, we then lifted the lid on
and screwed it down.

"That completes the demonstration," I announced in a loud voice, "You
may now leave."

The students all got up and with many backward stares at the sarcophagus
lying in the middle of the stage started to leave.

One very young
girl approached the stage nervously and said, "But sir, what about Miss
Harrison? How will she get out of the wrappings? I mean she
must be horribly helpless in there, will she be OK?"

I laughed and whispered that she would be fine and as soon as the students
had left I would unwrap her. Total lies of course, as with the help
of the two teachers I carried the sarcophagus out to my van and loaded
it in the back. Julie would be in for a lot of begging and would
have to agree to all sorts of things before I ever released her from her
new home, but you don't always tell children the whole story do you?
