---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam's Brexit Relief
authors:
- Paultt
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- dungeon
- rope
- gag
- tape
- collar
- sextoys
- insert
- machine
- nipple
- bdsm
- spank
- treat
- anal
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2019-01-02 00:00:00
---

“Oh god OH god OH GOD”.

As another huge orgasm crashed through Sam's body she realised that maybe she didn’t look her best. She was looking in the huge mirror at the end of their bed. The face looking back at her was flushed and snot and sweat flowed down from her forehead and nose across the layers of gaffer tape that covered her mouth and lower face.

Breasts bound and dark red dripped with the mixture that dropped off the end of her chin. This mixed with the sweat that glowed on her body.

A huge bubble of liquid popped out of her left nostril. And burst with a pop. Her body tightly wrapped in a hemp rope network that indented her flesh and made her look like a Christmas ham shuddered again as the large vibrating cock started up its pounding of her body for the third time in the last thirty minutes.

A face appeared in front of her limited vision and her husband said, “Breathe slower babe, you have to slow down your breathing.”

Sam was glad she was gagged as her mind screamed back at him “Its fucking easy for you to say you don’t have a huge cock vibrating and thrusting into you while the fucking clamps on you nipples and clit are going at full tilt.” The collar round her neck that held her hold her chin up and pointing forward reduced her vision to what she could see in the mirror.

His hands smoothed up her thighs as she knelt on bent legs wrapped in rope holding her in the kneeling position. And she loved the feeling of his hands. It made her not quite feel so alone. Not just a part of the fucking machine that pounded away beneath her spread legs. Its arm thrusting the huge rubber cock in to her in long deep strokes.

David had got the depth right, it had taken them a lot of experimenting to get it to this stage but this was perfect.
Its speed picked up and she whimpered as its rubber nodules stimulated her pussy to an extent where she wondered if she would ever want real cock again.

Did David know this might make him redundant in the bedroom? Did he even care? She would still need him to tie and untie her. But this machine and its harsh pounding of her was far beyond any lover she had ever had.

Scrunching up her face she took a long slow breath in to stop the light headedness of her fast breathing and exhaled maybe he was right after all. It wouldn’t do to be carried out of the house by paramedics .

Just then David slapped her bottom with the soft leather belt.
She screamed and thrust forward as much as the ropes holding her to the slats on the bed she was kneeling on would let her. Bastard! she thought you want me to slow down.

Crack! Another slash hit her bottom and she moaned into the pair of her panties which where balled up in her mouth. Her move forward meant that the ridge of the cock head dragged across her G spot and bam another orgasm hit her.

Her body went rigid and she screamed out. The machine slowed down and her pussy clenched down on it trying to stop it withdrawing from her. The vibrating clips on her clit and nipples continued and she hardly felt the next two stripes he placed on her bottom as her body shuddered.

David bent in front of her and sprayed the rubber cock with more lube. Oh god how long is this going on for? She looked at him pleading with her eyes for a break.

His reply was to kiss her forehead and shake his head.

“You said I needed to break you this weekend then I can do what I want to you on holiday.”

He returned to slapping her bottom with the belt moving up to the flesh on her hips and back squeezed between the ropes criss-crossing her body.

He was right she had decided that although the games they played stretched her mind and body to the limit, at times she needed it a lot harder, she used the time they did this as a chance to unwind and let the stress of running the biggest shipping container company in the UK out of her system and with Brexit coming she was struggling to cope with the hours and stress so they had booked Christmas in the castles dungeon.

David always knew when she needed an unwinding evening or a week away. This whole week would be without phone and the laptop that went everywhere with them.

She loved him with all her heart, he put up with her long hours and all the stress and shit she brought home from work.

This time though they had booked a whole week in a castle. It had its own medieval dungeon and everything she needed for a full de-stress.

But she wanted to go already bombed out as she described it to her husband.

So this was the weekend before the week so to speak. She had to get into the zone she needed to as she had a lot planned for this week.
It was costing a lot of money for the exclusive hire of the lower levels of the castle so she had wanted this weekend to be the one that sent her off the edge to get her in submissive mode. Now as he moved the target of his whipping onto the top of her bound breasts she maybe thought the next week might be an anticlimax.

He stopped whipping her and bent down under and altered the angle of the big rubber cock and looped a cord through the ring under her chin and pulled her forward at the waist this wasn't easy as it dug the ropes round her waist deeper into her.

She groaned and looked up into his eyes. The bastard was smiling, god I love to hate him when he is like this, but this is what I need, she groans as he tugs harder pulling her chin down to the slat that the rope ran through.

Where's he bloody gone now she wondered? Her pussy lips let her know. That big bastard thing none too gently pushed in to her.

With her cramped position it really filled her and it pulled her insides as it pulled out on its first thrust. Her groan was loud enough for him to kneel by her head and look at her. A big grin.
And he was gone again, now what ? She thought.

Her answer soon came as she felt a rough prod at her arse. “No he wouldn't?”

He did slowly as she groaned and twisted and writhed as much as her bonds would let her as he shoved his length into her. He had to time his trusts to get the length of himself into her as the rubber cock pulled out he had to thrust in. He felt her start to come again. God she was kinky and he was so lucky to have her.

He tried to slowly speed it up for them both but it was a tricky thing. The length of it didn't give him much time to thrust into her open arse so he was quicker and rougher than he usually was. She came again gripping his cock and trapping him inside her as the big rubber cock pounded into her. Her body went limp as she came again and passed out.

Reaching forward he pulled the tape off her face and pulled the panties out of her mouth.

She opened her eyes laughed and panted deep breaths, “Oh you thought I'd passed out, ha got you!”
Moving round to her open mouth he trust his dick into her mouth and she realised even though she had been given a enema his dick had her shit on it.

She tried to close her mouth this just made her seal her lips round it. “Don’t Bite slave!” he thrust to the back of her throat and with a few more pumps shot his load into her mouth.

She swallowed with a grimace and her eyes went wide as he walked back into view holding another fucking machine with another huge cock on it.

He looked at her and raised his eyebrows. “It’s going where?” she asked already dreading the answer.

Continues in [part two](samsbrexitrelief2.html)
