---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mistake
authors:
- ZTVFemdomtales
tags:
- F-m
- costume
- party
- breathplay
- smother
- dungeon
- sex
- nc
- XX
date: 2021-11-04 00:00:00
---

How can the simple words ‘costume contest’ tonight destroy your life so entirely? I freely admit I did not read the sign fully. I was drunk. It was Halloween. I made out “He-Man Costume Contest” and most importantly, “Cash Prize”. Already in the appropriate costume I just headed on in. Didn’t even bother to read the club’s name. That was my grand mistake.

I sidled up to the bar and ordered myself another drink. I looked out over the dance floor. My competition was anything but stiff. Half these idiots were wearing muscle suits. Poor fools didn’t even stand a chance. Not like me. My muscles were real. Big, powerful, real. Just like my cock. I am the master of my universe, pun intended. Any woman I want I can get. As long as she’s long, lean and sporting a big rack.

The girl sitting next to me had only one of those things. A massive rack. Nothing else about her was right. She was short. Half my size, so 5’5” maybe. She had some meat on her bones, I didn’t like that. She was the same age as me, early thirties. That was another strike against her. She and her skimpy Smurfette costume would be a hard pass.

“Like what you see?”

It took me a moment to realize she was talking to me.

“Excuse me?” I laughed.

“It’s OK, Big Boy, you can admit it.”

“Miss, please…”

“I love it when himbos beg.”

“Excuse me?!”

“If you wanna see Mama’s tits big boy I’m more than willing.”

“Alright, this has gone far enough.”

“I’ll be the judge of that,” she said as she pulled down her dress.

Her large blue breasts popped free. Erect nipples threatened to impale me upon release. I lost my train of thought. I just watched those big ol’ blue boobies bounce.

“Yeah, that’s right. Soak them in, Slut.”

That got my attention.

“What did you call me?”

She jumped down from her stool and climbed into my lap before I could react. She grabbed my head and slammed it into her tits. They were so thick they formed an airtight seal around my face. No matter how hard I tried I could not take a single breath. I went to grab her hands, but she was ahead of me. She had already wrapped her legs around me, pinning my arms to my side.

“MMMPH!”

“I know! They are so fucking big and thick. And real, Slut.”

She ground her hip against mine, rubbing her crotch against the same region of my costume. Despite myself, I got hard.

“Big sword you’ve got, He-Man. I’m going to love impaling myself on it tonight.”

I screamed at her again. No way was I fucking this chunky bitch! Fuck, I needed air.

“I’ve got so many places to stick it. Pussy. Tits. Ass. Mouth. Not all in that order of course.”

Another scream. Weaker. Head hurting.

“I think one of the rooms is open. Let’s get started.”

What the fuck was this bitch talking about? I was starting to pass out.

I mistook it for mercy. She climbed down and I gasped, fighting to take in as much air as I could. She grabbed my arm and dragged me down a back hallway to a large wooden door. It was marked ‘Dungeon 3’. Below was a sign that read ‘vacant’.

“Dungeon?” I slurred.

Was this the drink or the near suffocation?

She opened the door and tossed me in. She slipped it in and locked the door behind her. I looked around. Chains and cuffs hung from the ceiling. X-Crosses, bondage horses, all sorts of bondage gear filled the black leather padded walls. Holy fuck, this *was* a sex dungeon. What fucking club had I stumbled into?

“Let me out. Now.” I demanded.

“No.”

I marched for the door.

“Where the fuck do you think you’re going, fuck boi?”

“Home.”

With the force of a linebacker she rammed my legs from behind, sending me sprawling onto the floor, face down. She grabbed my legs and dragged me deeper into the dungeon.

“*I’m* your home now, Himbo.”

“Stop calling me that!”

“Make me!”

“What? Want me to fight you?”

“If you think you can.”

“I will not fight a woman,” I said, kicking free and standing up.

“Then you’re going to be my Bitch.”

“Shut up!”

She stroked my chest.

“So sensitive.”

I grabbed her arm. She grabbed it with her other, kicked my legs out from under me, flipping me onto my back. She straddled me and ripped the cloth and underwear underneath off my hips. She slipped my cock inside her, moaning all the way. It felt so good on my traitorous cock that I moaned along with her. Fuck, this was so wrong! I’m the man! I should be on top!

Then she rode. There was no foreplay. There was no build up. This bitch was horny and ready to go. She ground me like a slab of beef trapped between her legs.

“Fuck! You feel so good!”

“Come on, Himbo! Give Momma some love!”

“Fuck off!”

“That’s what I’m doing, Baby!”

“Quit calling me that! You’re not my Momma!”

“I’m your Sugar Momma now, Himbo, just give in. Make it easy on yourself.”

My hips began to buckle.

“You can’t do this to me!”

“Too late for that argument I think.”

My hips matched hers and our moaning linked.

“That’s it. Just give in. Be my little Slut. I’ll take good care of you, I promise.”

“Fuck you.”

“I think you are. This should help. I’ll give you a taste of what you get if you do.”

She leaned down and rubbed her tits all over my face. I moaned and kissed them. What the fuck was I doing?

Hours seemed to pass under her. The pressure in my balls grew into an orgasm ready to explode as she rode me madly. Tears flowed freely.

“Please…,” I whispered weakly, “…let me go.”

“Never.”

“Then…let me…cum.”

Fine.

The resulting eruption left me weak, gasping for breath.

“Call me, Momma.”

“No.”

She leaned over and lightly slapped my face with her tits.

“Say it.”

“No.”

She slapped me again. A little harder.

“Say it.”

“No!”

She began a barrage of tittie slaps, going as fast and hard as she could.

“Say it!”

She must have shouted it five times without stopping slapping me. I just kept yelling ‘no’ over them. Until I just couldn’t anymore.

“Momma.”

“What was that?”

“You’re my Sugar Momma.”

“Fucking right I am.”

“Who are you?”

“He-Man,” I said stubbornly.

She turned around and covered my face with her ass. Once more my air was caught off. We repeated the slapping game for another hour before I finally broke.

“I’m Himbo.”

“*Just* Himbo.”

I sighed, defeated.

“I’m *your* Himbo.”

“Much better.”

She helped me to my feet. Before I could move, she locked my arms into cuffs and raised me off the ground. She headed for the door.

“Where are you going?”

“Home.”

“Let me down.”

“Why would I do that?”

“So, I can go home too.”

“Not too bright, are you?”

“What do you mean?”

“This is a femdom bar. Men come here to be kept by women as their little fuck bois.”

“I didn’t know that!”

“Too bad. I’ve got you. I ain’t ever letting you go.”

She left, locking me into a mistake I can never escape.
