---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tricked, Transformed and Tied
authors:
- Randi
tags:
- FF-mf
- fem
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2005-03-11 00:00:00
---

Tricked, Transformed and Tied by Randi

 By the time I started the fall of my second year of university,
I was involved in a long running on-again-off-again thing with a lady named
Lisa.  She went to another school in the area, and lived at home with
her parents.  She was five feet seven inches tall, reddish-brown hair,
and medium build.  She was artistic, impulsive by nature, multi-faceted,
and a lot of fun to be with.

The first weekend in October, Lisa told me that her parents were going
up to their condo at one of the ski areas, and would be gone for at least
a week.  We started to make some plans of our own for the time that
they were gone.  I was impatiently counting the days until we could
have the house to ourselves without siblings or roommates, the two biggest
deterrents to what we considered “quality time” together.

 Friday night finally came, and I was on my way to her house as
soon as the last lecture was over.  She opened the door on the second
ring, and told me to pull my car around into the garage in back. 
The couple who lived across the street were friends of her parents, and
a bit too nosy for Lisa’s comfort this weekend.  They knew my car,
and having it parked out front for a couple of days would start them buzzing,
possibly even calling her parents.

 Once I was inside, Lisa took me to the downstairs guest room. 
She suggested I take a shower and relax, and then we could get on with
our plans for the weekend.  I stripped down and headed into the shower. 
The last thing Lisa said was “why don’t you shave tonight instead of in
the morning”.

 When I emerged from the bathroom, all my clothes were gone, even
the athletic bag with my extra stuff.  I opened the door to the bedroom
a couple of inches, and called to Lisa.  She told me my clothes were
laid out on the second bed.  I looked around, but all I saw were some
of her things.  By this time, she was at the bedroom door.  “I
hid your clothes where you won’t find them” she said, “Those are your clothes
for tonight.  Everything is there, and they should fit you just fine”.

 Lisa had laid out things pretty much in order.  I started
with her panties and bra, then her pantyhose.  Watching me trying
to hook her bra behind my back and up between my shoulder blades would
have amused a lot of folks.  The silky, slightly tight feeling of
her pantyhose started to give me some funny feelings.  Then came her
slip and her dress.  The dress was one I had seen Lisa wear when she
was working in the mall; in fact, it was the one she was wearing the day
I met her.   Dark blue, half sleeves, and a zipper all the way
up the back.  Last were her shoes.  Lisa had selected a pair
of her black pumps with a two-inch heel.  I had to work my feet into
them, but they were not uncomfortably tight.
 
 I went to the bedroom door to call Lisa again; she was already
there waiting for me.  She took me by the hand and led me up the stairs
and into her bedroom.  She had me on the chair in front of her vanity. 
On the vanity there was a reddish-blonde wig on a Styrofoam head with hair
nearly the same length as Lisa’s.  She opened a drawer and proceeded
to select some makeup. She started with facial makeup and lipstick. . 
Here was where Lisa used her artistic talent, and did some color blending
with some small sponges and pads that really turned out well.  Lisa
spent most of the next five minutes applying mascara to my lashes, which
are normally very fine.  The eyebrow pencil and eyeliner took less
time, just one or two errant eyebrow hairs to remove.  Next was a
pair of clip-on earrings, dangly ones nearly two inches long.  After
all else was done to Lisa’s satisfaction, it was time for the wig. 
Her wig went on tightly at first, then after a couple of tugs it seemed
to relax and fit into place, with the hair falling a couple of inches below
the top of my shoulders.  Lisa applied a slight mist of perfume as
her finishing touch.

 Lisa took me by the hand, told me to close my eyes, and led me
over to her full-length mirror.  I was turned this way and that way,
all with my eyes closed, while she checked me over from all sides. 
At last she told me to open my eyes and tell her what I saw.  In the
mirror there was someone looking back that I did not even recognize. 
Lisa positioned me for the mirror, and I just watched, amazed at what I
saw in the reflection, unable to say a word.

 Next, I was taken by the hand again, and led back downstairs,
not to the bedroom, but a workshop/storage room.  Lisa told me to
turn around and put my hands behind my back.  She took a four-foot
piece of nylon clothesline and tied my wrists together.  I was then
led to a straight-backed wooden chair, and told to sit.  Lisa guided
my arms behind the back of the chair, and tied the ropes again to one of
the rungs.  She cut several more pieces of rope, and tied one around
my waist, one around my knees, then tied my ankles together, and then tied
my ankles to the chair itself.  She turned to leave the room saying,
“Now its time for me go and get dressed up myself”.

 Several minutes later I heard the clicking sounds of high heels
on the floor, and Lisa appeared.  Gone were the khaki pants, halter-top,
and clogs.  Lisa was dressed in a long sleeved white satiny body shirt,
tight black leather pants, and black pumps with five-inch stiletto heels. 
She looked every bit of a mistress.  She had brushed her hair out
a bit, and applied some makeup that made her look quite tartish.

 Soon I was untied, except for my wrists.  Lisa helped me
up to my feet, and then we stood there nose to nose.  The difference
in the height of the heels we were wearing made us nearly identical in
height, now that we were standing.  She put her arms around my waist,
and gave me a slow kiss; just enough to really get me steamy.  Then
she stopped, and led me up to the kitchen.     
 
 
 Lisa untied my wrists and put the rope on the counter. 
“Now how about something to eat” she asked.  Lisa was having fun in
her new role.  She asked for a Caesar Salad, grilled chicken breast,
and a glass of merlot.  I very hesitantly walked out of the kitchen
and onto the deck where the gas grille was and got it lit off.  I
had a momentary vision of the grille flaring up and catching my wig on
fire, then having to explain to the paramedics how all that had come to
be.  I soon got up enough confidence to walk normally in the high
heels. Balance was not a big problem, and nobody could see the deck from
the neighbor’s yards.  Forty-five minutes later we were sitting at
the kitchen table eating supper.  My feet hurt slightly, but the rest
of me was enjoying the feel of the silky, smooth clothing and the slight
constriction of the pantyhose and bra, plus the anticipation of what was
to come later.

 At the end of the meal, I had to use the bathroom, so I was gone
from the kitchen for about ten minutes.  I heard Lisa moving around
out there; I figured she was cleaning up after us.  I spent a couple
of minutes looking in the bathroom mirror admiring Lisa’s handiwork before
I went back to the kitchen.  I was only partly right.  Lisa had
been cleaning up the kitchen, and was done when I returned.  I was
told to turn around, and felt the nylon ropes wrap around my wrists again. 
My reward was another slow kiss, with a bit more passion this time.

 I heard a noise behind me, but Lisa kept me from turning around
to see what it was.  We had stopped kissing by now.  “Audrey,
do you know who this is?” asked Lisa.  Lisa’s friend Audrey had come
over while I was out of the kitchen.  She appeared in the doorway
of the pantry, and looked me over and over.  “Is this Randy?” 
Her response was phrased more of a question than an answer.  Audrey
walked over to me for a closer inspection.  “It is.  Lisa, you
have done a magnificent job”.  Audrey is a few inches taller than
Lisa, and is also of medium build.  Tonight she was wearing a black
knee length skirt, red long-sleeve blouse, and black boots with heels nearly
as high as the ones on Lisa’s shoes.

 Lisa suggested that we go into the family room, as one of her
favorite TV shows was about to start.  Audrey led the way, I followed,
and then Lisa.  I noticed that by wearing those high-heeled boots
Audrey was taller than either Lisa or me by about three inches.  We
stopped in front the sofa, and turned to sit down.  Audrey asked Lisa
if she had any more rope, because there was something she thought Lisa
would like to try.  Lisa was back in less than a minute with the remains
of the rope from the storage room.

 Audrey took one of the short lengths of rope and threaded it down
through the frame of the sofa.  She tied one end to the rope around
my wrists and the other end to the middle back leg of the couch. 
She and Lisa both took pieces of rope and each one tied one end to one
of my ankles and the other end to the end legs on the front of the couch. 
When they were done I could get my knees no closer than a foot from each
other.  Lisa and Audrey sat down, one on either side of me. 
As the TV show went on and on, Lisa started running her fingers up the
inside of my thigh, touching very lightly, almost tickling.  Audrey
had been leaning over talking to Lisa, and rubbing her booted leg against
my other leg as she moved.  Both of the girls asked how I liked being
dressed and made up to look like them.  I was hoping they took my
shy, evasive answers as embarrassment, not as the inability to say that
this was the most aroused I had been in a long time.
Lisa’s hand had worked her way up under my dress to my crotch, which
was covered with tight panties and pantyhose.  She had also been nibbling
on my earlobe and blowing gently, moving the hair across the skin of my
shoulder.  We had given each other several wet kisses as well.  
I didn’t realize how long we had been there on the couch until the ending
credits began to roll up the TV screen, putting the canned laughter and
lame plot out of its misery once again.

Audrey suddenly turned to Lisa and asked, “How do you think these boots
would go with that dress Randy is wearing?”  Without waiting for an
answer, Audrey began unzipping her boots and untying my ankles.  One
at a time she removed my shoes, and slipped her boots on my feet. 
She then put Lisa’s shoes on her own feet.  Audrey’s feet were slightly
larger than Lisa’s; her boots went on smoothly; when she zipped them up,
I could feel a whole new sensation as my lower legs and feet were now snugly
encased in her leather high-heeled boots.  I wondered how they would
look in the mirror.  The answer was soon in coming. Lisa untied me
and helped me stand up.  We walked up the stairs to Lisa’s room. 
I had a little bit of difficulty walking in the higher heels at first,
until Lisa showed me how to roll my hips like a girl when I walked. 
After that it came easily, and more sexy.  I stopped to look in the
mirror and admire the boots, perhaps a bit too long.

Lisa and Audrey were busy with some more of the rope.  This time
there were ropes attached to the four legs at the corners of the bed. 
Lisa came over, took me by the elbow, and led me to the bed.  She
turned me around, and with a firm hand on my shoulder sat me down on the
mattress.  I turned so my feet were pointed toward the foot of the
bed, and watched as the slipknots were run down from the toes of my boots
to the ankles, and then pulled snug.  Lisa told me to slide toward
the head of the bed as far as I could, which wasn’t far.  This pulled
my legs apart as well as tightening the slipknots slightly.  Lisa
then untied my wrists, and placed the remaining slipknots around them. 
Then she pushed me back down on the mattress, and tied the ropes down at
the leg of the bed.  I was completely at Lisa’s mercy now.  Lisa
and Audrey then looked at each other, and walked out of the room. 
I could hear the sound of them talking, but not what they were saying. 
The only complete sentence that I did hear was Lisa saying: “You know I
gave you my word on this and I always keep my promises”.

 I had been tied out in a spread eagle position contemplating my
fate for about ten minutes when Lisa walked in alone.  She was wearing
only a black bra, a black thong, black crotch-less pantyhose, and her black
pumps.  She walked over to the bed, leaned over, and gave me a slow
sensuous kiss.  Her hair fell down into both of our faces; I sort
of expected her to reach up with her hand and brush it away, but she didn’t. 
Audrey appeared in the doorway.  Lisa stood up, turned around and
faced her.  That is when I saw that Lisa’s wrists were tied behind
her back, just as mine had been a few minutes earlier.  Audrey asked:
“Ready?” Lisa’s response was a low, sultry “Yes!!”
 
 Audrey repositioned the chair at the vanity closer to the bed. 
Lisa turned to sit down on it, and Audrey helped her arms behind the back
of the chair.  A couple of knots later and Lisa was helplessly secured
to her chair.  Audrey continued with the ropes.  One rope went
around Lisa’s waist and down between her crotch, holding her shapely hips
and ass tightly to the back and seat of the chair.   Another
piece of rope went around her knees, centering her legs on the chair. 
Audrey bound her ankles with several wraps of rope, and ran two wraps around
the arch of Lisa’s pumps.  Then she cinched these ropes to the lower
rung on the front legs of the chair.  Next her arms were tied above
her elbows, and that rope also tied to the chair.  Audrey went to
Lisa’s dresser, and pulled a pair of panties and a nylon stocking out of
one of the drawers.  Lisa could not tell what she was doing until
Audrey reached around from behind and placed the panty-gag in her mouth. 
The stocking was tied behind Lisa’s neck before she could react. 
From the look on Lisa’s face, I could see that this was unexpected. 
Audrey then started to gently pinch Lisa’s nipples.  Even from the
bed I could see that Lisa was aroused.  From a dish on the top of
the vanity, Audrey picked two hair clips, and attached one to each of Lisa’s
hard nipples.  She then stooped down and kissed Lisa on her gagged
mouth.

 Audrey strutted over to the bed with a grin on her face. 
“Randy” she said to me; “I think you should thank me for letting you wear
my boots, don’t you?”  I replied: “Thanks for letting me wear your
boots, Audrey”.  She got up on the bed and positioned the swollen
lips of her pussy just above my mouth.  “This is more of what I had
in mind in the way of saying ‘Thank You’”, she said.  I looked up
to see her descending slowly, adjusting her height for her own pleasure. 
Her skirt descended, blocking my vision of everything except her inner
thighs, her ass, and her pussy.  At first I kissed her on the inner
thigh, then around the lips of her pussy, then ran my tongue across her
clitoris intermittently, trying to drive her crazy, and frustrate her before
she got what she wanted.  Meanwhile, I was exploring my bondage, struggling
against the four ropes.  Lisa had done a good job tying me up, that’s
for sure.  With the surprises of the transformation and the bondage,
I was now as horny as I had ever been in my life.

I settled down to a regular pace with my tongue, and Audrey responded
suddenly.  She gave about six or seven shudders when she hit her climax,
then rolled off to the side of the bed away from Lisa.  She lay there
breathing heavily for several minutes, then got up and started to walk
slowly around the room, picking up some of her things, getting ready to
leave.  Audrey went over to the dresser again and got another nylon
stocking then left the room.  When she returned, she had the pair
of panties that Lisa had been wearing earlier that evening.  She folded
and rolled them into a gag, then gagged me just she had gagged Lisa. 
She leaned down and whispered to me; ”A man has never been completely dominated
by a woman until he has been gagged with her freshly worn panties”. 
She walked over to Lisa’s chair and kissed her on the mouth again. 
She then flicked each of the hair clips on Lisa’s nipples with her forefinger,
making them jiggle, and making Lisa jump. 
 
 Audrey untied Lisa’s elbow tie, and loosened the ropes that bound
her wrists, but did not completely untie them.  She told Lisa she
could get free, but she would have to escape from her bondage by untying
herself, and that should take a while.  As she turned to leave she
said: ”Randy, I’ll let you wear my boots for the rest of the weekend if
you want.  I’ll be by to pick them up later this week.”  
Lisa was squirming in her gradually loosening ropes.  At last she
got her hands free.  The first thing she did was to remove the hair
clips, then the gag and the rest of the ropes.  She ran to the window
in the other bedroom to see if Audrey’s car was still there, but Audrey
was gone.

 Lisa returned to her bedroom.  I could see that she was still
aroused, and frustrated.  Without untying me, she removed the gag
from my mouth and told me I had better do to her what I had just done to
Audrey, or I would be wearing that gag for a long time that weekend. 
Lisa removed her thong and held it under my nose.  The thong was heavy
with Lisa’s scent.  She straddled me just as Audrey had done a few
minutes earlier.  This time I kissed with passion, not to tease. 
We both savored my helplessness and her power over me in this situation. 
She pulled up my dress and started scratching lightly with her fingernails
on the pantyhose over my now rock-hard cock.  This was exciting me
even more.  Her hands stopped moving as she reached her climax. 
I kept still for a minute, and then I tongued her again, sending her into
a second and third orgasm.  She rolled off to the side after the third,
turned around, and lay there with her head on my arm, with her face a couple
of inches from mine.

 “You really liked this tonight, didn’t you”, she asked. 
I nodded my reply.  “Well, lets see how you like being my slave girl
for the whole weekend.  First, we have to give you a new name she
teased.  How about Ramona?  No, I know a Ramona, not that name. 
How about Rhonda?  I like that name, don’t you Rhonda?”  For
the rest of our conversation she called me Rhonda.

   Lisa got up off the bed, walked to her closet, and began
looking through her clothes.  She finally selected a red sleeveless
cotton dress.  Then she walked to her desk and got a pair of scissors
out of the drawer, and brought them over to the bed.  She raised my
dress again, and cut a vertical hole in the crotch of my pantyhose. 
“If I untie you, will you promise to do exactly what I tell you to do?”
she asked. I nodded “Yes!”  She untied my wrists from the ropes holding
me in the spread-eagle position and helped me sit up, then untied my ankles. 
I stood at the foot of the bed, adjusting my slip and dress.  Lisa
walked over for another long, hot kiss.  “I know exactly what I want
to do to you next.” She whispered.  “Go sit in my chair”.  Soon
I was bound in the chair where Audrey had bound Lisa, except there was
no crotch rope.  When she finished tying my elbows, she stood in front
of me and knelt down.  Her hands went up my dress and through the
hole in my pantyhose, her fingers feeling my cock through the panties. 
She pulled the nylon panties aside, and gently pulled my cock free. 
She put the head of my cock in her mouth, and started working her way down. 
She stopped way too soon.
 
Lisa picked up the hem of my dress and slip and straddled me, then
lowered herself onto my lap, impaling herself on my cock as she let herself
down.  She rocked gently for a minute or so, then took my head in
her hands and pulled my lips to hers for a very passionate kiss. 
She started to wiggle, then move up and down on my shaft.  “Maybe
I should gag you and just finish you off this way” she teased. “ I heard
what Audrey said to you, and I think she’s right, except I would have to
be the one to gag you with my own panties.” Lisa stopped moving, and stood
up from the chair.  She went to the bed and retrieved the panty gag
I had been gagged with earlier, and her thong.  She rolled them into
one gag.  “I’m not going to sneak up from behind and slip this in
your mouth by surprise.  Open! Now!”  I opened to accept the
gag, and it was soon tied behind my neck.  I experimented, but I was
not able to push it out of my mouth.  Then I started struggling with
my bondage, as Lisa pulled up my dress again and re-mounted me.  For
about five minutes she rode me hard into the best orgasm I ever remember.
