---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Trick
authors:
- Orion1701
tags:
- FF
- F-f
- F-ff
- stage
- audience
- bond
- straps
- magic-act
- susp
- escape
- boxed
- hogtie
- foot
- spank
- cons
- X
---

Mira looked out over the stage once again. The
audience had been quite awed by the earlier acts. Now it was her turn to
perform. The tall slim blond had worked hard to perfect her act, for she
was a magician. An escape artist in fact. Her assistant Dawn, a slinky
brunette in a skimpy outfit and fish net stockings was prepping the trick.

The crowd applauded as Dawn demonstrated the equipment.
Wearing a red sporty bikini Mira stepped out on stage. The five and a half
foot tall blond walked out under the bright lights, the tiles of the stage
were warm on her bare feet. She posed before the audience with her hands
over her head. Then she slowly turned, showing the assembled crowd that
her outfit concealed nothing.

Dawn approached her carrying the first of several
leather straps. It was used to secure her hands behind her back. Then another
around Mira's elbows forcing them to touch which forced her breasts out.
This much pleased the crowd, especially the men. More straps at her waist
as well as above and below her breasts further trapped her arms.

More straps were brought forward and placed around
Mira's ankles and knees.  A large man lifted her into a box on a raised
platform. The wood box was roughly coffin size. Mira sat up in the box
awaiting Dawn's final touch, a head covering leather hood with built in
gag.

With that in place she lay down and tried to relax.
Which isn't easy when you are half naked, bound and gagged, and being watched
by who knew how many people. In all it was a very exciting event. Well
at least Mira was excited.

The lid was sealed and latched from the outside.
Dawn momentarily opened a door in the side of the box proving that the
bound girl still lay within. Then with a wave of her hands and a twirl
she scampered to one side of the stage. There Dawn activated a winch and
began to lift the box.

Slowly the box rose, higher and higher, until
it was rising above the curtains. Suddenly the cable at one end slipped
free. The box swung wildly, dangling from one cable for a few seconds as
Dawn tried to reverse the wench.

The second cable broke away dropping the box with
Mira inside. It tumbled end over end for almost two rotations before smashing
into the floor. The box shattered into a million splinters spilling it's
contents. The crowd screamed as the container fell. Dawn and several stage
hands ran to the aid of the bound girl that was sure to be injured.

As the rescuers lifted the box clear the audience
saw for the first time, only leather straps, a leather hood, and a red
bikini. The girl was gone!  Applause and cheering arose from the audience,
but where was the girl?

At the side of the stage a blond head poked clear
of the curtain. Dawn with another wave pointed to Mira standing to one
side, clutching the curtain around her nude body. Her only clothing, the
red bikini was after all, still visible in the shattered remains of the
box. The blond and her assistant took their bows and ran back stage.

Meanwhile, high overhead a coffin like box swung
gently. Inside it contains leather straps and hood. A red bikini, and a
securely bound blond named Mira. It had been her twin sister Kira who stood
clutching the curtains and not Mira herself.

Mira knew that the box would not be lowered until
after the show. To lower it know would give away the secret.  
So Mira would be forced to wait until after the show and the people left
to be freed. She tried several times to wiggle her arms loose, but the
straps would not budge. She wiggled her legs but the straps there were
also on to stay.

After the theater had emptied and the stage crew
had left the box was lowered to the floor. The lid was removed and cool
air swirled around Mira's sweat soaked body. The box, though ventilated
is quite warm inside. It was tipped and Mira tumbled out.

"Still bound?" her sister's voice asked. "You
know the penalty for that don't you?" Mira tried to shake her head 'no'
but the neck strap restricted her. She felt herself being rolled onto her
stomach and someone, most likely Dawn sat on her back. One of Dawn's fish
net stockings were slipped through Mira's ankle straps.  Her feet
were then bound up to the strap at her elbows. Kira swung a short strap
slapping the sole's of her sister's bare feet.

After ten lashes per foot the stocking was removed
so Mira could again straighten out her legs.  However the worst was
yet to come. The stocking was then tied to her knee straps and again to
the strap above her breasts. Mira was rolled to her knees with her head
to the floor, crudely being held in place by the bondage.

Mira's bikini bottoms were pulled down to reveal
her ass for spanking. The lycra of her bikini wold not have provided any
protection but Kira wanted every advantage. Dawn held Mira still as the
belting continued. Mira's hands fluttered helplessly as she tried to protect
herself from the belt. Kira only laughed and continued whipping her sister.

After twenty strokes Kira stopped and Mira's bikini
bottoms were replaced. The straps at her ankles were removed and she was
helped to her feet. Still hooded and bound Mira was lead from the stage.
They lead her all around the theater, up into the balcony, and down through
the lobby. Finally the stopped. The hood was unbuckled and pulled off.

"SUPRISE!"  The entire cast of the show shouted.
Before her on the table was a cake with twenty three candles. It said,
Happy Birthday Mira and Kira on it. There was a lot of laughing and the
girls blew out the candles. Dawn fed Mira some cake then using her fish
nets again she bent Mira over a table and tied her there face down.

Dawn then pulled out more stockings and said,
"Get her!" Kira was quickly wrestled to a table and tied face down with
her hands behind her back beside her sister. Dawn provided two ping-pong
paddles for the attending party goers to use in delivering their birthday
spankings. The bound sisters looked at one another "Happy Bithday," they
both said, as the first swats began to fall.



2001
