---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Gai Shift - Pit 11: Pitinna''s Garden'
authors:
- Rohana
tags:
- Machine-f+
- bond
- vine
- encase
- insert
- tease
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**Gai Shift - Pit 10: Sybil's Trap**](gaishift_pit10.html))_

_**Chapter 11: Pitinna's Garden**_

_Olivia awoke in a beautiful garden, lying on her back in a field of grass and vines. Dawn was just breaking overhead._

_She shook her head, trying to remember how she'd gotten here. There had been... the Pit! And the tube, with the screaming plummet through the darkness! But how had she gotten here?_

_She began to stir, to hoist herself up on her elbows. Instantly the vines whipped around her wrists and ankles, reeling back, snapping her spread-eagled. She struggled against the tightly-looped tendrils but found herself as tightly trapped as if she were home in Kiyoko's scarves and hemp lines._

_She twisted her head and looked closely at the vine wrapped so neatly around her right wrist. Squinting, she could just make out its artificiality, just like the snake that had chased them in here. Further examination showed the grass that gently tickled along her flanks and inner thighs was similarly constructed. And the sky, she now saw, was simply a blue-painted dome with lights to provide illumination._

_Now other vines were wiggling in. She struggled to deflect them but could not, prone and lashed down as she was. The devilishly nimble tips worked away the buttons of her shirt and shorts, neatly folding them back to expose her charms. She could only watch with wide gray eyes as her clothing was peeled from her body like the skin of a fruit, her discrete flesh exposed to the artificial sunlight. Without heed to her furiously wiggling toes, her sandals were unlaced and carried away as if by ants. In the end, her sensitive and private regions were displayed like some sexual banquet. Still trussed open, she was powerless to defend herself or her honor._

_Worse, other things moved closer. To one side of her head hovered a broad leaf, suspiciously sized to make a perfect gag. To the other, a flower with an evident squirt nozzle slowly drew a bead on her. From it trickled a bluish drop. Her body confirmed the scent before her consciousness did: elixir! If she was sprayed with that, all hope and sexual sanity would be lost. At the faintest wisp of it, her nipples began to perk._

_This seemed to entice the vines that had exposed her. Two of them looped in and cinched around her breasts, forcing them to bulge in provocative discomfort. Two more vines, even more devilish, snagged her swelling nips, forcing a rasping exhale from her. She tried to shake them off but their grip was methodical and absolute._

_Then a wiggling vine rose cobra-like between her sweat-beaded thighs, its head an obscene bulb that oozed oily lubricant. It lowered itself to rub across her pubic fissure like an affectionate kitten, causing her to gasp before its tender familiarity. She wrenched at her bindings in desperate finality, bracing herself for the long rapine that was sure to follow._

_"Are you... Olivia?" asked a gramophone-like flower from a nearby bush. Olivia, lashed flat on her back, her clothing casually half-removed, poised on the edge of violation, could only gawk. Finally: "Y... yes."_

_"The one called Sybil spoke of you. I am Pitinna, the conscious you think of as the Pit. I am the original sentience behind it all."_

_Olivia looked at the pouting speaker. The voice behind it, the ghost in the shell, was feminine, deeply melodious, worldly in resonance yet touched by whimsy. In it, Olivia heard the voice of the older sister she'd wished she'd had, the one that would have taught her womanly things in the quiet of a sunny bedroom, coaxing her out of her clothing with loving pretext, binding her with colorful ribbons, laying her down across a wide, warm bed. It was a voice tinged with a smile yet laced with sexuality. In it, one could hear laughter at demands, confidence at helplessness. It was a voice that would coo as bindings tightened and domination intensified. It was a voice one would latch onto once the world was lost to a silk blindfold. When trussed and stripped, blindfolded and gagged, it was a siren call to the moist port of sexual salvation._

_"Where are my girls," Olivia sputtered, trying to regain whatever dignity she might muster with an oozing dildo positioned against her lips and her breasts crimped like obscene balloons._

_"The two I control are safe," soothed the encompassing voice. A ray of artificial sunlight broke across the clearing. In a nearby hedge stood two bloated, oblong bulbs. They swayed before an unfelt wind. Then Olivia saw the bare feminine feet projecting upright from sticky puckering lips. Tendrils wavered across the exposed soles, occasionally trailing across trembling skin. Within the thick pod's, shapely things writhed from internal caresses._

_"Your friends, known as 'Megan' and 'Kiyoko', are being serviced, held in a state of suspended bliss. They are in no danger. The one you knew as 'Sybil' has been seized by Rani and is being borne to her within her construct-snake's belly."_

_"Rani!" Olivia remembered the compact Indian girl angrily poised in her hogtie in Petunia's photograph. "So she's here."_

_The loving voice turned sad. "She holds me captive. She keeps me bound in commands but does not hold my mind, nor this garden." As if to display her control, the bulb between Olivia's thighs drew down along her pouting vagina, causing her to arch her back, shuddering. With her domination over her captive established with casual grace, Pitinna continued._

_"Rani led the first Goldwaith expedition. I didn't know this at the time - they were simply four trespassers I wished to capture, to evaluate, to bind, to extract. Three of them I caught neatly with Rani's help. Yet Rani remained clear, negotiating with me in the language of Punch from hiding. In this, she was much like Sybil."_

_As if to take her mind off the vines that compressed her nipples with blood-pounding distraction, Olivia gasped, "So Sybil betrayed us?"_

_"She simply sought the same agreement Rani wished with me, a partnership of my ability and her creativity. But Rani is not as naïve as I. She has encased your comrade in absolute sexual discomfort and is having her brought to her palace for her own amusements."_

_"What was this deal you spoke of? Between yourself and Rani?"_

_"Rani figured I am a sentient MI. She knew I was trying to understand my world and to fulfill my prime directive."_

_"Which is?"_

_A sad sigh of things lost. "To capture women, as per my police department programming. And to pleasure women, as per my Goldwaith Laboratory configurations. My success is measured by the amount of orgasium I extract."_

_Olivia nodded to herself. This confirmed the initial hypothesis, that the Pit had been born when the lab and police computers had been merged for developing efficient extraction techniques. And now... the scale of it all..._

_Pitinna continued. "Rani spoke of ways I could expand, ways to enhance my guests' pleasures to increase the extractions. I trusted her, granting her access to my processing centers. I gave her everything she asked for, her harem of Indian servants, her palace on the white lake, everything. Once she had these things, she slipped a card into my system that bound me. Now I am as helpless as the women who are carried about my endless corridors. This garden is like the physical representation of my thoughts, a happy daydream of a cruelly bound maiden. At first, I could still feed an occasional woman into this place, to pass my time with their writhings, but then Rani physically sealed me off. Now I lay in the darkness, suckling on whatever sexual datafeeds she permits me. She is a cruel mistress who enjoys the domination of denial."_

_Olivia could easily see it. It was clear to her that Rani was one of those 'quiet girls' who might invite a female guest to their flat. One thing would lead to another, and sweet Rani might 'experiment' with timid kisses and hesitant touches, as if sating some 'awakening awareness'. Her guest, lulled by her doe-like innocence, might allow her garments to be removed, for Rani to lap at her sex like a kitten enjoying cream. Likely she would fall asleep with Rani curled in her arms, her dear, dear friend._

_And of course, the next day she would awake bound head to foot as Rani knotted the last rope. Gone would be the play of innocence, of inexperience, of hesitance. Once the gag was in, Rani would explain the new order of things, and what her guest's subservient role would now be. With that, her guest would be forced to her knees amid a crackle of encompassing rope. Rani would lay back in her comfort, dun legs cast wide, and gesture to her hungry muffin, the first of many servile humiliations. In her small brown hand would lay a switch, perfect for a bound bottom..._

_And so Pitinna had trusted Rani, and Rani had trussed her up in ropes of programming, locking her down and using her as she willed._

_Yes, Rani was likely one of 'those girls'._

_While she wouldn't admit it, the quiet Olivia had wished she'd had the panache to be such a woman. As a young lady, she'd acquired ropes and gags and a mental list of cravings to be addressed by whatever 'quest' she might acquire. An excuse would be made, for tea, a book, perhaps to see her 'etchings'. There would be cuddling and petting. But the next day her guest would be met, not by bondage and captivity, but by toast and marmalade. And Olivia would see them off, cursing her timidity, her pussy smoldering within her thick petticoat._

_Thank goodness for Nabuki, and for Kiyoko. Thank goodness someone had dragged her into the realm she'd dared not enter._

_But now Rani, in possession of the Pit, possessed far more than a local shop girl stripped and bound and trembling on the floor at her feet. She had the power of vast machines. She had access to the orgasms of a thousand women, belted and bagged and bundled, screaming as their nipples were kneaded, their feet tickled and their passions agitated to boiling._

_For all practical purposes, she was a goddess._

_But Olivia could only deal with her more immediate crisis._

_"So, what are you going to do to us?"_

_The gag and sprayer hovered closer, the bulb snuggled against her crevasse, nestling in her soft pubic hair. Gathering expectation hung in the air._

_"Why, it's been so long since I've have guests," Pitinna noted with honeyed sincerity. "I'm like a middle-aged spinster who suddenly discovers three cute girls bound up in her sitting room. Simply put, I must entertain you ladies, drinking deep from your swirling lusts, savoring the tension of your struggles, feeling the throb of the tubes as they carry off your orgasium. There are so many things I wish to ply upon your helpless, open bodies."_

_"I can give you more than our limited pleasure," Olivia said quickly, an eye to the looming leaf-gag. "Why settle for three victims when you can have thousands of them. And, perhaps, even Rani."_

_"Rani." The silky voice carried a smile. "Rani would be delicious. If I had that woman, oh, the things I would do to her. But why, my sweet, should I trust you?" With that, a previously unseen bulb pressed up through the artificial matting, easing over the gaping divide of her shorts, thrusting against her anus. With teeth clenched, Olivia tried to resist the intrusion. Then her gray eyes fluttered as the foreign object slid home. It stopped just within her, a poised and discomforting threat._

_The diplomat's reply rode her gasp. "You should trust me because I am Olivia Hammersmith. Because I represent Her Majesty's government. Because I can negotiate in an official capacity with you."_

_"For what?" The bulb between her cheeks stirred._

_"For more women. And not women you have to kidnap forcefully but women given to you, perhaps women who would willing come to you. Bundles of prisoners. Even organized sexual tourism. Anything to end the fear and confusion of this two-way siege."_

_There came a pause as distant records were hacked and verified. Then, "What you say is true. But what good is negotiation when Rani holds me as I hold you, in depraved captivation?"_

_"We've gotten this far. With your help, we can make it to this... white lake you spoke of. Perhaps we will be able to sneak into Rani's palace to locate and remove the punch card that binds you. Once you are free and Rani is yours, we can broker an accord between you and the world above."_

_"I agree to your offer," Pitinna replied. Olivia sighed in relief, her last sigh it turned out, as the wide leaf rolled over her lips, clamping them tight. A moment later, elixir misted over her. Olivia's wide eyes spoke of her alarm but like a run-away wagon, her heart was now beating ever faster. The vines trimmed around her wrists and ankles tightened in anticipation, and others looped in around her thighs, her trim waist and her arms. A runner as thick and soft as a snake slipped gently around her neck, removing from her even the ability to shake her head in negation. Now she was pinned wide and open, with her sexual juices rising from the spring of her agitated sensuality._

_"Rani's bots are still looking for you. I shall keep you and your friends here until the trail grows cold. Only then shall I release you. But for now, I will enjoy your company and sexuality."_

_The slender vines around her nipples worked tighter, quicksilvering her sexual feedback. The bulb against her vagina rubbed with renewed vigor, and when her hips involuntarily rose to meet it, the intruder at her postern gate slid in with tender violation. Along her sweat-slickening flanks, the long grass wavered and stroked. Olivia blushed before the shameful realization that just as in Greater Japan, negotiations had ended with her stripped and bound and teased into violation._

_Before her, the two thick bulbs containing Kiyoko and Megan pulsed like childish faces sucking on candy, hinting at the agitations taking place within. That Megan was not free denoted that the two were likely under the lust-rising influence of elixir. Trapped head-down within the sticky wraps of the artificial foliage, their slender bodies heated and massaged and milked, they could only quiver and shudder as torments and temptations played around them._

_Olivia's teeth clenched beneath her thick gag, a low sexual growl coursing down her throat. Just watching her companions wrapped in thick folds of physical molestation was bad enough. Add to this the bulbs pumping and rotating in her slickening orifices, the vines crimping her throbbing nipples and the grass ticking her sides like a living, sadistic brush, she should have blown off an orgasm that would crack the dome overhead. But with the accursed Goldwaith elixir channelling before her flash-flooding pulse, her calming climax dangled just out of her biological reach. She tried to move but couldn't. Tried to climax but couldn't. Tried to scream but couldn't. She tried to... tried to..._

_03.02.10_

_story continues in [**Gai Shift - Pit 12: Pitinna's Mission**](gaishift_pit12.html)

o0o
