---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/dirty_dungeon.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Dirty Dungeon
authors:
- Nakia Kesler
tags:
- n/a
---

Part One

I have always been interested in the medieval times. They were good
at restraint and punishment. I had always decided that I too would like
to experience the medieval punishment and restraint.  I envisioned
myself stripped and shackled and led away to the dark castle dungeon locked
away. So I created this dungeon scene, my most elaborate self-bondage I
have done yet.

The house that my girlfriend Adonica and I live in was built in the
early 1940's so the basement was perfect. It needed to be just right however!
I wanted this to feel real and the set had to be prepared carefully! I
started by carrying in buckets of dirt that I got from the apartment housing
that was going up in the lots across the way from our house. Piles of dirt
from the basements were easily accessible and I carried bucked after bucket
of black dirt down the basement making a very nice and thick dirt floor
in the smallest room of the tiny basement. The dungeon was taking shape.
Next I covered the window with cardboard so it would be dark, I cut little
slots in the cardboard before placing it over the window giving the impression
of closely spaced bars.  The small amount of light that shown in was
perfect for day and at night would be almost completely black as I checked
it during the night that week prior to my time of confinement. The outside
street light was at just an angle from the house that only small slivers
of light shown in, just enough for me to be able to glimpse myself in my
bondage imprisonment in the late evening and early morning hours.

Now the room was taking shape. Next I got a piece of heavy chain from
the garage that was there when we moved in that would be used as my tether.
I fastened it to the bottom of the steel support pole that was cast into
the concrete floor now covered with black dirt. The pole ran to the ceiling
joist of the floor above me. The pole had a hole at the bottom and I found
a bolt that would run through the chain link and hole and using a wrench
from the garage to secure the chain to, since I didn't want the chain to
slide up and down the pole. I tightened the bolt using the wrench. The
chain was only five foot long and would work nicely. I had started preparing
the basement dungeon on Monday evening and it was almost complete Wednesday
night.  I had made my appointment as a dungeon slave to take place
on Thursday night since my girlfriend was leaving that morning and would
be gone until Monday noon. (She worked as a flight attendant so I knew
she would be away on her flight but coming home she would also be my fail-safe
since my weekend confinement was going to take an elaborate system of keeping
myself locked for an extended period.

Although in the back of my mind I wasn't sure I wanted Adonica to find
me like this. We had explored bondage on the web some and played around
with the idea only mildly since moving into the house over a year ago but
we had never taken it to this extreme.)  I took the door length mirrors
we had in the house and also stood them up against the walls. They would
act as a constant reminder to me of my submissively slaved position when
I would look into them and see myself. One more thing that I thought would
be interesting for my dungeon and would work as humiliating me in my slavery
was to take the garden hose and fasten it to the yard sprinkler system.
I ran the hose into the basement through the other room window. I ran the
hose through the joist braces and hung it to the top of the steel pole
using wire. On the end of the hose I screwed on a small yard sprinkler.
I ran duct tape over most of the holes since I didn't want to be thoroughly
drenched but envisioned this as my only source of cleaning myself had I
been destined to become a real slave in a real dungeon. I likened this
to being similar to having the dungeon guard taking a bucket of water and
pouring over me. I set the timer on the system to come on at one o'clock
in the afternoon  and run for three minutes.  That would be more
than enough to completely make a mess of things.

Next came a metal bucket that was to be where I would relieve myself.
I wondered about using a chastity belt however knowing I could pee but
wasn't sure how if I had to excrete how that would work. I knew that chastity
belts were an important part of medieval times and felt I should be forced
to wear one to prevent myself from playing with my pussy should I get aroused
in self-bondage and wanting enjoyment by rubbing and pleasuring myself...
I decided the belt would be necessary and would worry about the other at
the time. Last came a metal bucket of water and a slices of bread that
I set in the room. This was to be my only nourishment since I was planning
on wearing a ring gag that would allow me to get drinks and the bread I
would just have to stuff in my mouth and swallow as little pieces, and
also I thought it would be safer with a ring gag for the prolonged self-bondage.

Thursday was here and I spent the day fasting. And come evening I started
the final preparations. I had an old electric clock that I took the glass
cover off and also removed the long hand and bent the hour hand out slightly.
I set it at one and hung all the keys on a ring onto the hand. When the
clock would start and the hours would pass, somewhere around the time the
small hand would approach four the keys would slide off the hand and onto
the floor permitting my escape. I hung this up from the joist above my
newly built cell and ran the extension cord to a day-night timer. I set
the timer to come on for an hour each day. With the clock set at just a
little past noon that would make it move till one on Friday, move to two
on Saturday, move till three on Sunday and move another hour to four allowing
the keys to slide off early the next Monday morning.  That would give
me a little cushion to be freed before Adonica got home on Monday noon. 
I wanted it a little intresting so I made it come on at ten in the morning
so that would be cutting it close. I knew that the air flights were usually
late so I figured it would be plenty of time.

Now I was ready as it was about six o'clock Thursday evening. To my
closet and out came the bondage gear and down to the dungeon. I first stood
in the center of the room. I looked around, my heart pounding. I had removed
all my clothes upstairs and was standing there bare foot and bare ass naked
in my soon to be home for the next three days. The room was empty with
the exception of the two buckets and the bread. I was about to become a
medieval slave cast away in a dark dungeon. I checked that all the keys
worked to all the padlocks that I had and placed the keys on the ring and
hung them up on the clock hand. The timer was plugged in and set. The sprinkler
time also set before hand. This was it, the time was fast approaching.
I knelt down. I had brought a permanent marker with me and wrote the letters
s-l-a-v-e on each foot, one letter above and on top of each toe. Next I
also wrote slave across my tits and across the cheeks of my bare ass. This
was also to remind me of my status during my imprisonment when I would
look down at my bare feet or see myself in the mirror.

First came the ring gag. I placed it in my mouth and fastened the strap
and put the smallest lock in the buckle preventing it's removal, although
I wouldn't be able to reach it anyway I wanted my bondage strict and complete.
Next the three inch wide leather collar with a D-ring on it was locked
around my neck with another small padlock. I knew in dungeon times these
would all have been steel but I didn't have steel so I used leather instead.
I did have heavy metal ankle cuffs with a one foot chain between them however,
I went from my kneeling position onto my ass and attached the cuff to my
left ankle, "click" and then the right ankle, "click" The chain that ran
between them was fastened to the short chain I had bolted to the steel
post. "Click" went the padlock to the chains making me a semi-prisoner.
The moment was fast approaching.

What the heck, next came the chastity belt. I first strapped the waist
portion on around my waist and locked it on with the padlocks it came with,
then the crotch strap. It was made of very stiff and thick leather, I had
worn it many times before and knew it did the job effectively. I figured
since I would not be going number two I slid in a butt plug in my ass to
make me suffer all the more and pulled the crotch strap through the crack
of my ass and over my pussy and cinched it up tight in the front and placed
the padlock on it. I pulled hard at the belt testing it. The wide leather
front also forced my legs open somewhat and being very wide prevented me
from any attempt at sticking my fingers into my pussy, I tried but had
known from past experience this was impossible. I was wet inside and wiggled
around a bit on the floor as I felt the butt plug nestling into place.

It was a little uncomfortable but it was to late now.  Next I padlocked
a shorter chain onto the ankle chain and ran it to the D-ring on the front
of the belt locking it into place with another lock. I tested the length
so that it only allowed me to stand with my knees bent, this would keep
me bent over in a submissive position  not allowing me to fully stand
should I decide to want to get out early and jump for the keys. However,
I had that planned out also. I also didn't want to much movement so as
a final humiliation to my bare feet bondage came my favorite thumb cuffs
and placed around my big toes of my bare feet. I always felt a complete
prisoner with my toes in bondage too.

Now it was time to go all the way! I fastened the leather cuffs around
each wrist, it was now getting dark and so I hurried. Each leather cuff
was locked in place and connected with a short chain of about six inches
in length. This chain was next fastened to the leather collar around my
neck so that my hands hung just above my breasts level. I placed my wrists
together when I fastened them and locked the chain in place to the collar
short enough so that I would not be able to reach down and fondle my nipples
on my bare tits. However, this position was a bit more comfortable than
placing my hands behind my back as I often do. "Snap" went the final locks
and before I gave myself time to think, there I was a sitting there bare
foot, bare ass naked, in humiliatingly tight strict self-bondage, in the
shadowy darkness of my dirty dungeon. The small slivers of light slowly
fading only casting small glimpses onto the shiny silver chains and cuffs
that had me a prisoner locked into submissive bondage.

I was a slave now. Left in the dungeon to be punished, for what reason
only your imaginations could answer that question but I was there and I
wasn't going anywhere for awhile. I felt the isolation and dark but mostly
I felt excited with no way of doing any thing about it. I found that the
toe cuffs prevented me from straddling the steel post to try and rub myself,
I pulled hard to get at my bare breast but was unable to, I rolled over
onto my stomach, in the excitement. I was beginning to breath a little
heavier and was starting to perspire somewhat as my heart raced harder
and harder, The dirt stuck to me where I had sweat. I rolled around more
and more trying to pleasure myself anyway that I could,

The anticipation of this made me wet and hot and I could feel my juices
running out of my crotch and around the chastity belt  but it was
no use. I was very much a slave that was denied pleasure in complete control
from the bondage I was placed in. I could catch glimpses of myself in the
mirror from what little light I did have, I was a slave all right, I wanted
this and I got it. Now what, I wanted to get off more than anything but
couldn't, I wanted free but couldn't, I was here to stay until Monday morning
and that thought finally hit me after an hour or two of struggling for
an orgasm! I was finally exhausted and crawled over to the pole and leaned
up against it. "You better get use to it I muffled through the ring gag"
to myself. I wasn't getting free, I wasn't getting an orgasm and I would
be forced to endure my slavery as the medieval prisoner I had created for
myself.

Part Two

I was so exhausted and frustrated not being able to pleasure myself!
I wanted to rub my pussy so bad. The initial thought of the self-bondage
scene I had created made my head race and spin. However, the dungeon had
denied me my orgasm that had built deep inside me. The tight chastity belt
locked around my waist and drawn deep, strapped between my crotch was laughing
back at me. "You are my slave!" it shouted out to me. The largeness of
the butt plug pushed at my ass. No matter how hard I tried to move my legs
the toe cuffs held tightly around by big toes and the hobble chain between
my ankle cuffs prevented me from moving my feet to far apart at the heels.
My hands locked together at the leather collar around my neck positioned
my palms to my cheeks as I sat there crouched with elbows on my knees.
It was a perfect picture of me in utter surrender and submissive dejection.
I finally, somehow drifted off to sleep in the darkness as the small rays
of light from the free outside slowly crept away.

I awoke sometime Friday morning, the light shinning in on my face between
the makeshift bars I had fashioned on the window with the cardboard. As
I awoke and slowly regained my bearings the totality of my situation hit
me! There I was the helpless and hopeless chained up slave locked away
in tight restraint in the dungeon. I looked up and saw myself in the mirror.
Naked!
Shackled at the ankles with a heavy tether chain to my hobble link
fastened securely to the steel support post. Toes cuffed together, chastity
belted and strapped firmly, wrists fastened together and posture locked
to my neck collar and ring gag tight in my mouth. My hair was a tangled
and teaseled up mess. Drool had dripped out onto my bare breasts and thighs
while I slept, some was semi-dry and some was still fresh.  Where
I had sweated there was dirt spots and streaks that clung to me. I wondered
how much longer until my hose down period at one o'clock would be. The
bottoms of my bare feet were black from sliding about. How would I be able
to clean myself some with only the trickle of water from the sprayer spraying
onto the dirt dungeon floor?

Basically I would get clean to a point but I wondered how long would
it take the water that would turn my dungeon to mud floor to dry? One thing
I was now realizing was that the toe cuffs are an excellent way of hobbling
a slave or prisoner and the only way I could really move was to scoot around
on my ass since it was almost impossible to shimmy using my feet. It was
also painful on my toes to try and slide on my feet!
Thinking about my feet, as I looked down at my dirty bare feet the
dust and dirt created a thin coating over my once bright red painted toes;
now, becoming a dark dirty red. In big letters I had written was the reminder!
"SLAVE!" Jumping out at me as if yelling. Yes I was truly the slave of
my own desires, my desires of sexual ecstasy that I received from self
created bondage. But now I wanted freedom.

Freedom I was not going to soon get. I had never thought about self-bondage
for this long of duration and I now realized I was going to be here for
three more days! I was not getting free this morning or the next or even
the next morning. It all sounded so fun and exciting and I was so caught
up in the planning and anticipation that I never stopped to think that
four days is a little to long for this! My mouth hurt a little gagged like
it was. But I wanted it this way! I wanted to feel the humiliation of being
a slave in chains. Stripped of all my dignity and humanity. Next came the
realization that I had to pee! I thought about this proposition and could
only think of the worst what was about to happen to me. I sat there wondering
how long could I hold it? What seemed like hours but probably only thirty
or forty minutes, I decided it was time to experience this adventure. As
a slave I didn't really have a choice how I would pee so I had to do it
as I was. This was going to be interesting.

Bending my knees and rolling onto my shins I slowly slid myself over
to the bucket. Rolling onto my naked ass I was able to hop up onto my feet
and scoot myself over the bucket. I had a ways to go since I had placed
the bucket on the other side of the drinking water bucket I had. Although
my tether chain was only five foot long that made a small walk of ten feet.
That's a long way to move when in strict bondage the way I was! I had
to kind of spread my knees out and trying to squat at the same time. The
toe cuffs made this nearly impossible. I tried to move my heels out to
allow me to get positioned over the bucket. This would be an experience.
I closed my eyes and let the flow come. I could feel the warmth of my piss
but I heard nothing but small drips into the bucket. To my disgust the
chastity belt forced the pee to run out on the sides and down the insides
of my legs and onto the dirt floor. What was I thinking would happen?

Exactly this! This was a mess! I was a mess! This was a mistake! What
was even the point of squatting. Maybe next time just try sitting on the
damn bucket I thought to myself. I soon found out that my pee breaks were
going to have to come at shower time or as I was realizing now I would
have to be humiliated by the stream of my own wet urine until cleanse time!
I slid my way back over to the post and leaned up against it. The dust
I created from the dirt floor clung to the insides of my wet thighs. What
had I done to myself? I had to think better thoughts, something to take
my mind of this dungeon hell I had created for myself. I was not getting
out of this until the keys dropped and I came to realize this was permanent
for the time being and I would have to make the best of my bondage slavery.

As I looked at myself in the mirror and looked down at my naked body
strictly in confinement I wanted more than anything to have an orgasm!
When I looked at myself in the mirror the sight of my imprisonment it got
me going inside. My heart beats built stronger and stronger and my breathing
through the gag and my nose was getting heavier and heavier. I could hear
myself trying to moan through the ring gag drawn tightly inside my open
mouth. The chastity belt was going to make this impossible. I again tried
squeezing my legs together real tight trying to get the belt to press against
the mound of my pussy. I laid down on the floor and slid myself up against
the steel post that had me tethered as its slave and I pushed hard against
it. I tried pushing my ass up against the post raising my legs and feet
up against it. I tried pulling the tether chain between my legs back and
forth by bending my knees pulling on it. All this did was to push the butt
plug in my ass deeper and deeper, constantly reminding me of it's painful
presence.

My body heat rose higher and my breathing was fast and getting furious.
This had heightened my senses and it was to get me hotter and hotter inside
and no hope of sexual release! The wetness inside was building and again
I felt my warm juices trying to seep out from the edges of my slave belt.
I could now feel the mid morning becoming noon and the heat from the outsides
summer day was turning my dungeon into a sauna. The sweat was beading down
my forehead and my bare chest and legs had trails of sweat running down
them meandering like a river. I could feel the sweat running down my back,
between the chastity belt and the crack of my ass. I could feel it dripping
down my stomach and between the belt and my crotch. The drops  seemed
to run past my shaved pussy and tickle my pussy lips causing me only more
frustration. I couldn't understand this since I had strapped the belt on
so tight.

The drool from my ring gag mixed with the sweat of my body as I rolled
around thrashing about! I was again becoming covered from head to bare
toes by the dirt off the dungeon floor. The floor that days ago I had spent
so much time preparing. I collapsed in a dirty mess on the dirty dungeon
floor. The "dirty dungeon" was becoming just that, literally! Not only
was I becoming a filthy mess but it was already starting to imprison me
mentally inside also. I knew that I must stop becoming aroused since this
was pure frustration and humiliation. I prayed for the sprinkler to come
on and give me some relief from the heat and to cool my hot wet pussy!
I was beginning to stink of sweat, saliva, pee, dust, dirt and mud. I crawled
to my water bucket and stuck my face in it to try and wet my mouth that
was drying from breathing so hard and fast. I was trying to moan but couldn't
do that very well either. All that came out were aughhhh type sounds that
were faint and slobbery. I wanted free. I wanted my parole. I wanted out.
I wasn't getting free.

No parole until monday, I wasn't getting out! Were the answers that
came to me. I was trapped, I was had and now I would suffer the consequences.
After all I wanted to feel what it would be like to be locked away in the
medieval dungeon and that's exactly what I was getting. That's me, the
little barefoot naked slave girl locked up in chains, cast away in the
depths of a dark dungeon, a prisoner of her desires. Finally the water
came on and I rushed and rolled to be under its spray!

Part Three

I could hear the water force its way through the hose and the sudden
jerk as the pressure built up against the sprinkler head and the small
trickle of water build to a steady steam, I quickly inched my way under
its flow and rocked my trussed up figure into a standing position under
it. I raised my head up and felt the cool water run down my face, my shoulders,
down my tits and back across my chastity belted bare ass checks and backs
of my legs and the tops of my thighs to my knees and down to my shackled
ankles, cuffed toes and onto the dirt floor. The water was coming out at
a good steam even though I had taped some of the nozzles. I knew the flow
would only last for three minutes as I had set the timer. The floor quickly
was turning to mud and I could feel it as it seeped up between my bare
toes. I used my hands to rub my face the best I could in the posture lock
position I had placed them in. My hair was completely wet and hanging down
limp and dripping. I was beginning to feel considerably better. The spray
soon stopped and I stood there.

I wasn't able to completely stand straight since placing myself in my
restraint I had fastened a short chain from my tether at the hobble on
my ankles to the center d ring on the chastity belt. This was to keep me
bent over in a submissive position.  A position all the more to add
to my humiliation as a slave locked in chains.  The floor was really
quite muddy and with the toe cuffs I wasn't able to really walk to well.
If I got down on my knees or my ass I would become even more dirty than
I had been before. I decided to stand and see how long it would take for
the floor to dry. It was really warm inside even though it was a basement.
I was getting tired of standing but soon I forgot all about that when I
heard the distinctive slam a our front door!

I quickly crouched down wondering who was in our house! As if crouching
down would help but it was more a reflex action than anything. I could
hear what was high heeled foot steps across the wood floor above me. I
could think of only one thing. ADONICA! It must be her! What is she doing
here so soon! This was awful I had only wanted to use her as a last resort
in case my escape plan had failed and I had done self bondage so many times
that I hadn't really planned on that happening and having to deal with
her discovering me. What was I going to do now? The wheels quickly turning,
I would make up some ridiculous story that I knew would be totally unbelievable
as I looked up at the keys and the clock, the shower, the buckets, the
dirt floor. No story I could tell was going to be believable. I was had!
I had trapped myself with no way out of discovery!

I had now become a slave of my desires completely force to endure its
torments. I would be real quiet and maybe she wouldn't find me. I couldn't
talk out anyway with the ring gag still pulled deep in my mouth forcing
my lips open. This was really embarrassing! Then the dreaded sound of the
basement door being opened and the footsteps coming down the steps. I heard
the bang of the washer door being opened. I was only a room away from being
totally humiliated being found like this. It was Adonica alright, I could
hear here softly singing to herself as she often did when doing house chores.
She was doing the laundry.

Maybe she wouldn't find me. If she did, I'm sure she would understand.
I was thinking all these thoughts to myself trying to comfort myself inside.
Wanting to reassure myself of my humiliating trapped position I had place
myself in. My heart was pounding so loud that I feared she would hear it.
Adonica knew my interest with bondage! I assured myself, it would be okay!
We looked at some bondage sites on the web when she became curious why
I had handcuffs and a ball gag in my dresser she had found one day putting
some of my clean clothes away for me as I explained to her what they were
used for. While after all one time I took my pantyhose when we both got
drunk and silly together while playing around and hogtied her and tickled
the soles of her bare feet with a ball-point pen. Just playing around of
course! But then I thought to myself and saw myself in the mirror and the
cruel coldness of myself, the dungeon slave. I could clearly see the big
letters I had severely written across my bare ass and bare tits that shouted
SLAVE!

How was I going to explain all this. This was the first sight she would
see if she found me and what a sight that it was! This was terrible! I
closed my eyes as I heard her voice ring out. "Nakia" she said as she went
up the stairs. I just melted. "Nakia. Are you home?" I heard her question
as I heard her footsteps across the floor in the room above me.  Then
it got quiet. The washer water was now full and had stopped. I could only
hope my discovery would be avoided. There was nothing in this room for
her to want to explore anyway.  I could just disappear until Monday
morning and free myself, clean up the evidence and succeed at pulling off
the dungeon slavery.

Then I heard the foot steps once more coming down the basement steps.
I tried to get as quiet as I could almost completely down to my breathing,
practically holding my breath. As I heard the clothes basket drop against
the wood door that separated me and Adonica from total humiliation. As
it dropped it leaned against the door and hitting the door it slowly swung
open. My heart stopped, I think it actually sank to my stomach. There was
Adonica standing at the doorway as she leaned up after releasing the basket
full of clothes. She looked straight at me and her eyes got bigger than
I have ever seen them. I turned so red with embarrassment that I think
my legs even matched the color of the red polish on my toes. What humiliation
I was about to go through. "Nakia!?" she screamed out both in exclamation
and a question. "What in the world is going on?" she inquired as she slowly
stepped over the basket and took a step inside my dungeon and stepped directly
into the floor that had been turned to mud only moments before. She stopped
and looked at me as she also looked down at her feet standing in the mud.

The curiousness of her look had diminished somewhat and she was not
really laughing but I could almost see the look on her face as she seemed
to be putting two and two together. I looked down at the floor and pointed
with my hands to the keys hanging from the clock. She looked up but didn't
take them until I pointed again and then put my hands at my gagged mouth. 
Then she figured it out and removed the keys and slowly and uneasily walked
over to me. I mouthed out "The gag. Take it off" the best I could. Adonica
sort of stepped behind me and taking the keys started trying each one in
the lock on the gag. As she did she was asking me... "Did you do all this
to yourself?" I knew you were into this bondage thing." She was telling
herself as the gag popped loose from my jaw. I closed my mouth that was
really sore. I could only imagine how much it would have hurt by Monday
morning. I timidly replied. "Yes, I'm afraid I did." And immediately started
to tell her my story, the whole story, leaving nothing out. Of how I loved
the feeling of bondage, how I had bought all this stuff and liked to use
it on myself. How I would pleasure myself and bring myself into wild orgasms
while I was tied up and how I was afraid to ask her to tie me up so I did
it to myself and how I always wanted to feel like a slave locked away in
a medieval dungeon. I told her how the thought of it made me wet inside.

I was so embarrassed and humiliated. I even added as if to help win
her to my side. "You should try it sometime." She slowly stepped back as
I went on and on with my story. I could see her slowly start to smile a
little bit as she just stood there trying to take it all in.  She
was just shaking her head a little bit. Sort of in amazement. When I was
done talking Adonica spoke up. "Well this is really something. I'm really
amazed at all this." she said. "You thought of all this?" She asked and
I told her yes very embarrassingly. "Wow" she replied and then inquired.
"Well how is it being a slave?"  In a tone that sort of reassured
me that everything might turn out okay after all. My heart beat slowed
somewhat and I looked up at her and said. "Well, it was kind of fun except
I planned it a little to long since I wasn't due to be free until Monday
morning." I explained to her that four days was way too long to have done
this to myself and that I had made a big mistake and was really glad she
was home and could let me go since I wanted out now. Adonica only looked
at me and laughed.

"This is so funny." She said. "I just think this is all so funny." She
said hysterically as she walked back into the other room and started putting
the clothes into the washer, acting as if nothing had just taken place.
"You got quite a little imagination Nakia. I knew you were a little different
with this bondage thing..." She said not finishing her sentence and leaning
up against the doorway and suddenly saying to me. "Now what!" but not in
the tone of a question. I looked up almost puzzled and almost as if saying
to her without the voicing of the words what do you mean now what.

"Let me out I quess?" I said to her in a tone meaning that is what you
will do isn't it? And then looking up at her with such a humiliated look
on my face I saw her leave, walking up the steps I heard her reply. "You
wanted to be a slave so bad! BE ONE!" She said harshly. Now my eyes got
big! Did I hear her right? I immediately looked up at the clock and the
first thought that hit me was that she had the keys. "Adonica!" I shouted.
"Come back down here and let me out now...please?"
I shouted to her. I could hear her steps on the floor above me and
worse I could hear her just laughing and saying to herself. "Poor little
Nakia! the dungeon slave."

Now I didn't know what to think. Not only had I totally humiliated myself
but Adonica was doing a good job of adding to it. I just sunk down to the
floor and sat there bewildered and throughly exhausted from the ordeal
that had just taken place. Not only had I imprisoned myself with self-bondage
in this dirty dungeon but now I had a guard keeper too! I leaned up against
my pole and closed my eyes. All sorts of thoughts raced through my head.
I just dropped my head down and dozed off maybe hoping that when I awoke
all this would become a nightmare. What I meant was I would wake up from
this nightmare! This bad dream I was having!

Part Four -- Conclusion

I awoke to a bright flash of light! Blinking my eyes and looking up
at Adonica standing there with our polaroid camera, clicking and spitting
out pictures of me!  Adonica was laughing and replied. "I have decided
to play along with your little game." She said. "I think we can have a
lot of fun together, what do you think?" Saying as another photo of my
humiliating position popped out of the end of the camera.
"Only one thing..." she said, "I'm going to make up the rules since
you're the slave... wouldn't you say!"  As she held up the keys shaking
them that I now noticed were on a very small necklace chain she was wearing
around her neck. "And just to make sure you do as I say, which I'm sure
that you will, I'll just take a few of these pictures as insurance! Agreed?"
Adonica said as she walked up to me and grabbed me by my messy hair pulling
my head back so that I had no choice but to look up directly into her eyes.
"After all." She added. "This is what you wanted isn't it?" And before
I could finish as she let go of my hair at the same time pushing my head
down and shouted. "GOOD! That's what I thought you would say!"

Adonica walked up to me and ordered me to stand and I did. Next she
tried the keys in my wrist cuffs locked to the posture collar and undid
them at the collar allowing me to bend my arms down. Oh that felt good
to stretch. She started trying the keys to the chastity belt and finding
the right one took it off. Holding it out in front of her saying. "So this
is a chastity belt. A little hard to take a dump wouldn't you say? Well
you better hop on over to your little bucket and do your duty because it's
going back on!" She said coldly. And let me tell you I didn't waste any
time getting there either since I was getting cramps inside from not being
able to go for the last two days. I realized never lock a chastity belt
on without being able to remove it for that long of time.  I forgot
all about the embarrassment and felt so much better after emptying my insides.
I was also nice not having to pee all down the side of my leg.

"I kind of like the idea of having a slave." She said as I sat there
grunting. "The more I got to thinking about it the more I liked the idea
of having some one do everything I order them to." Adonica remarked to
me. "As a matter of fact I have been making a little list of how much I'm
going to enjoy having you." She said laughing. "I think I'll make your
little slave session real exciting. Just think how much fun it will be
to really be a slave! Now get your belt strapped back on." As she tossed
it and the locks over to me. "I want it just like you had it." She commanded.
"Since I'm not quite the expert you are at all of this."

"I'm sure you will learn from the sounds of all this." I replied. "You
better watch that little mouth of yours or we can put that ring back in
it to shut you up." She threatened. I also told Adonica that although I
was in no position to argue that maybe she could just let me go and I would
make it up to her.  This was all fun but the interjection of another
person was sort of ruining the whole idea of self-bondage and it was mainly
at my expense from the well thought laid out plans that Adonica must have
for me. As I pled my case Adonica just walked up the stairs shouting back.
"You better have that belt locked back on when I get back down here!"

I did as she told me.  The butt plug hurt without lubrication and
I had to work it around and around pushing to get it back in my tight little
asshole. I quickly locked the waistbelt and pulled the center strap between
my legs, fastening my short chain from my ankle hobbles to the center lock
and click went the lock securing the belt once again to my waist and crotch. 
I was in such a hurry to get it on before she came back that I completely
forgot about the chance I would have had to rub my little pussy to orgasm.
I sank to the floor in frustration once again, in compete denial, realizing
now how hot I was getting inside thinking about it, waiting for her return.
Adonica came back down and ordered me to put my locked together wrists
back up to my collar at which time she quickly snapped the padlock on locking
them in place again.

Basically that is how I spent the rest of the day and night down in
the dungeon alone with myself since Adonica never came back until morning.
She must of shut off the water since the spray never came on when I assumed
it should have. All day I sat there just looking around at myself in the
mirror, trying to imagine what kind of living hell Adonica could make for
me. I was seeing a side of her that I didn't think existed. I was thinking
that her curiosity for my little game was probably getting the best of
her.  It was amazing what people will do when given the opportunity
to try new things. Saturday morning I awoke to the cold splash of water
that sent me jumping up until the chain went taunt pulling me down again.
There was Adonica standing there with an empty bucket that had contained
the water that she had just dumped on me!

"You stink you dirty slave girl! I thought I would clean you up a bit
since you didn't get your shower yesterday. Yep, I turned off your shower."
I heard her say as I flipped my head back to throw the wet hair out of
my eyes and face. "This is more fun anyway." She laughed. "Why you little
bitch." I replied then realizing what I had said. 
"You what.... what did you say little slave girl?" Adonica replied
as she walked up to me dropping the bucket as she did. 
"I think the little slave girl has a dirty mouth!" Said Adonica as
I noticed her approaching and stepping behind me.  In her hand was
the red harness ball gag that I owned, now being forced to my mouth and
pressing against my lips. "I figured we couldn't leave that little dirty
hole of yours open so I went looking around in your dresser and look what
I found. Open up you naughty little slave! I think this will look so much
better on you. And besides, I want to see how it works." She said as she
pinched me right on the end of my nipple hard causing me to gasp and scream
out allowing her the opening she needed to force the ball into my mouth.

I could feel the back strap being pulled tight, forcing my jaw open
wide and I could see the front strap being pulled up over my face and top
of my fore head also being pulled tight.  I could hear Adonica saying.
"How do you work this thing anyway." But not acting as if she didn't know
how to put it on since she almost had me completely gagged. Last she pulled
the strap under my chin pulling and cinching it tight. I struggled with
her but it was no use, Adonica was not much bigger than I, she was about
5-8 in bare feet and weighed probably 120 pounds naked and soaking wet
but she used it all to her advantage since I had no leverage to use against
her bound as I was. She had one of her legs wrapped around my waist stuck
between my thighs and her bare foot pushing against my belted crotch. Her
other leg pushing against my back sort of holding me in a semi-scissors
hold. The element of surprise was also to her favor since being abruptly
awoke from my slumber like I was.

I sat there making mmmppphhh sounds as Adonica just stepped back admiring
her work laughing all the time as she did. 
"Now what did you say? Something about little bitch? That is gonna
cost you! Just for that you're gonna stay gagged for the duration of your
slavery." She said. I tried giving her the look like you just wait until
I get even but she just stood there looking at me laughing. I didn't stand
a chance.  I was about to become a real slave and was sure that I
would completely have to surrender totally as I was in no position but
to accept the punishment that would hopefully gain my release. Next I was
ordered to lay down on my back which I did.  As I did Adonica walked
down and grabbed my hobble chain between my ankles and pulled my bare feet
up into the air where she was able to try the keys in the thumb cuffs that
were locked around my big toes.  She also took the lock off that held
the chain that had me tethered to the pole.

I realized I had some freedom now but escape was entirely impossible,
besides, what or where would I escape to? Then suddenly as I had began
to think of escape Adonica approached me and was looking for the key to
the chain that fastened from my ankle hobble chain to the chastity belt.
Off came the padlock and as I was ordered to squat down on my knees which
I did without protest she reattached the chain so that I was practically
forced to be in a constant kneeling position. 
"Just to make your next little chores a bit more interesting." She
said as she stepped back. "Let see you try and stand up little slave girl!"
She ordered mockingly. I did try and stand but was pulled over by the chain
in a very bent over position. She had locked the chain very short only
allowing about two feet from the belt to my ankles.

"You know the kitchen floor upstairs?" Adonica questioned. "I want you
to take your little bucket here and march, or should I say crawl up there
and scrub it for me!" Adding the exclamation to her statement by throwing
a small scrub brush into the empty bucket. Adonica walked over to the bucket,
picked it up and walked to the sink by the washer. She filled it with soap
and water and brought it back setting it down for me. "Now pick up your
bucket and get upstairs and get busy slave girl!" She shouted and then
adding, "Don't you dare spill any of that water, and you better do a damn
good job or I have some more dungeon time in store for you." She threatened.
When I didn't get moving fast enough to suit Adonica I felt the sharp sting
on my ass as she swatted it with the wooden cooking spoon she had taken
out of her back pocket of her short cut-off jeans.

As a matter of fact she spanked my ass all the way up the stairs as
I had to slowly crawl since the chain that held my ankles was only about
eight to ten inches long and prevented any big movements, as did the chain
from my hobble chain to the chastity belt. As I crawled up the stairs with
her right behind me trying to manage the bucket I could even feel the volley
of her blows striking the bottoms of my bare feet!  That really hurt!
I said but words only coming out of my mouth in very unrecognizably "Mmmmppphh's".
I could feel the sting on the soles of my bare feet when I finally got
to the top of the steps and tried walking across the floor, each step sending
tingling sensations of pain through my feet. I quickly got down on the
floor and off of them. It was hands and knees so to speak scrubbing the
floor.

The scrubbing project was hard to do. I had to bend over practically
with my face to the floor since my hands were locked together to the thick
posture collar I had locked around my neck. I held the brush with both
hands. When I dipped into the bucket my hair would fall down into the water
making it almost impossible to do the job correctly. Adonica ordered I
do it right or it would be more punishment, or more dungeon time I think
was how she put it. After the floor project came the dusting. I was given
a cloth and the dust spray and ordered to dust the entire house. And as
encouragement to get started I was again given a thrashing on my ass from
Adonica and her wooden spoon. The blows stung and even brought small little
tears to my eyes but I held them back and attempted my next duties as a
slave.  As I was finishing the dusting out came Adonica pushing the
vacuum towards me. I didn't have to wait for the next blows to my ass,
I quickly jumped to the cleaner and started pushing it. This was also almost
impossible while being bent over in such a humiliating position from the
short chain.

All during my work Adonica went from room to room making sure all the
curtains were pulled wide open, obviously more humiliation was the thought
of knowing anyone driving by or walking by could probably look in and see
me. Chores that would have ordinarily taken probably an hour or two to
do was becoming an all day ordeal for me. The more I was forced to work
the more I wanted to just get it over with and return to the dungeon. As
I did my chores Adonica just followed me around sitting in a chair or standing
in the hallway watching me. She would say stuff like, "I like having a
little slave. I think I might keep you locked up like this all the time."
or she would ask me, "Are you tired of being a slave yet? To bad, I'm not
through with you by a long shot."  I was given the comet and sent
to the bathroom and made to clean the tub and toilet bowl. And as Adonica
put it, "This is too easy." She said as she took my scrub brush away and
handed me a toothbrush! Again laughing all the time. While in the kitchen
Adonica was cooking and eating and as I went around the house she would
pour herself a drink dirtying glass after glass and dish after dish. As
I completed my chores she marched me into the kitchen, ordering me back
down to my dungeon cell. On the way past the sink full of her dirty dishes
she laughed remarking. "Tomorrow you are dish slave, and a lot more for
you to do too."

Once back down in the dungeon Adonica removed the belt so I could use
my bucket which I quickly did. It was also stinking a bit. I knew the belt
was going back on as soon as I was finished. As I got off the bucket I
was ordered to lay down on my stomach with my feet at the end of the steel
post. I knew that I was about to be tethered to the post by my hobble chain
for the rest of the evening. As I laid there however, I felt Adonica straddling
me and grabbing my feet and pulling them so that each foot was on each
side of the steel pole. Next I felt the thumb cuffs circling my big toes
again but the tether chain wasn't used. It didn't need to be. I was locked
to the pole by the cuffs on my big toes and the hobble chain between the
ankle cuffs with the pole between the two.

"This ought to keep you for the night." Adonica said as she stepped
up to where my head was. I looked up at her and as I did she placed her
bare foot on the back of my head and pushed it down into the dirt floor
as she walked behind me and started locking the chastity belt back on my
waist. Next came the butt plug as I felt it ramming my ass and hearing
Adonica saying "Whoops, better not forget this" Finally pulling it from
the front through the cheeks of my ass and locking it on in back very tight.
She sat there, turned around and sitting on my back pulled my head up to
her and asked if I was enjoying my slave session and she also added that
we were just having fun, and so on and so on, wondering if I was enjoying
my stay in the dungeon. Rubbing it in telling me how much fun she was having
with me. Hoping I wasn't getting to upset by all this.  I thought
just wait til the day I get even honey! I'm a pro at this kind of stuff
and you will regret it. And then in leaving she shouted out, "Don't go
anywhere! I'll see you tomorrow." As she pulled the door shut and walked
up the stairs.

That little bitch I thought. The way she had me cuffed to the pole I
was forced to lay there on my belly. I could only turn a little to my sides.
She had me good, locked to the pole like this was infuriating. It added
to my humiliating situation I was in. And to add to the humiliation I heard
the hose flex and felt the spray of water come on turning the floor where
I laid to mud, leaving me to lay there covered in mud where I came in contact
with the floor. I held my head and face up out of the mud but knew I would
have to lay it down when I got tired and fell asleep.  Damn Adonica
she knew that too! I just gave up in surrender! The whipped little slave
girl locked in the dungeon. I laid my face down sideways in the mud and
closed my eyes. I was exhausted and fell asleep not looking forward to
Sunday!

Sunday morning arrived with Adonica standing in the doorway shouting
for me to awake. "I suppose this will be the last day of our fun," she
added telling me she was going out on flight in the afternoon. She unlocked
the cuffs from my toes and I sat up. The mud I was in was now dried on
dirt covering the front of me from my toes to my face. The dirt was dried
on in my hair and all I could do was look up at the make-shift shower and
point hoping she would realize my intentions. "You're right Nakia." she
replied. "We can't have you running around a clean house looking like you
do getting it all dirty again." Said Adonica as she walked up to me and
pulling me by my hair into the next room and standing me under the real
shower.  She turned on the water and pushed me under it's spray with
no hot of course.

"Clean yourself slave." She ordered. I quickly did as she had commanded.
Only being able to rub my legs over the other trying to get the dirt off
the best I could. I had new life thinking that I would soon be free as
she was leaving for work. After I was left standing for a time to drip
dry it was off to the work program she had for me. I was marched to the
kitchen sink where I was made to do the dishes. Wrists still fastened at
my neck.  I was again made to scrub the already clean kitchen floor
and bathroom. This time using only the toothbrush since Adonica said she
couldn't remember where the brush was.  Out came the dusting rag and
spray and also the vacuum. Adonica told me she was thinking about making
me wash the windows but thought that that would be one sure way to bring
the police over if someone happened to see her like she was. I shook my
head in agreement!

As noon arrived I could see that Adonica had her uniform on and was
getting ready to leave. I was ordered down to the dungeon one more time.
Adonica removed my wrists from the collar allowing me to stretch. I was
given my bathroom or bucket break. The belt and butt plug went back on.
This time she locked my arms at the wrists behind my back and to the d-ring
on the back of the chastity belt.  I was again ordered on my stomach
with feet to the pole. Adonica locked me to it like she had before using
the thumb cuffs on my big toes. I wondered if she was leaving, when was
the part where I was getting out.

"This has been so much fun Nakia." She said to me.  I was looking
up to her. "Now I have to go to work and won't be back til Wednesday so
you will just have to stay in your little dungeon just like you had planned
before I so rudely interrupted your little self-bondage game."  I
saw her walking over to the clock with the keys. Noticing that the hand
was on three as she hung them back there. Great I was going to be here
like this another day but then I would have freedom. I wanted out now but
there was no way I was getting out. I was helpless to do anything but lay
here. I couldn't even beg with Adonica since the harness gag still had
me effectively shut-up.

Before she left she walked up to the clock and looking down at me shaking
here head and saying. "Oh dear, an hour." She said. "We gotta stay here
longer than that."  As she pushed the hand back to the two! I was
shaking my head trying to shout out no! NO! NO! but nothing was coming
out of my gagged mouth. I was moving, threshing about on the floor. The
was terrible, it meant two more days in the dungeon! "Now you be a good
little slave." She said leaving adding I'll see you home on Wednesday.
"By the way, I turned your shower back on again. Bye-Bye slave girl!" As
she closed the door behind her and walked up the steps.

I just dropped my head to the floor listening to her footsteps across
the kitchen floor and out the door. My mmmppphing screams had long since
stopped as she trotted up the steps. Oh well! Here I was again the dungeon
slave in my self-bondage that was given a little help from Adonica. I looked
up at myself in the mirrors again and tried to push back the thoughts of
arousal seeing myself hogtied to the pole. They quickly left when I heard
the sudden jerk of the hose and spray of cold water hitting me and the
dirt floor again. I just put my face down in the mud, a whipped little
puppy! I had to completely surrender to the helplessness of my predicament.

For the next two days I thought about my situation. The keys finally
did drop and I was able to free myself. The belt came off and to the bucket
I went, still cuffed at the ankles and collared. After getting off the
bucket I cuffed my hands together in front and I wildly jumped down on
the floor in a frenzy and brought myself to the wildest orgasm I had ever
experienced with self-bondage. I rubbed my pussy sore and came five times
over and over rolling around on the floor. Looking back on my ordeal now
it wasn't so bad but I decided never again like this!  My fires inside
that had overwhelmed me to try the dungeon scene had been extinguished!
Finally released from my sentence in the dungeon I walked upstairs and
collapsed on the couch, dreaming I'm sure of my next adventure in self-bondage.
Also in the back of my mind planning my revenge for Adonica.



back to
[**bondage**stories](../bdstories.html)
