---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/fantasy_for_maxine2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Fantasy for Maxine Part Two
authors:
- Steve
tags:
- M/f
- bondage
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2004-01-14 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**My Fantasy For Maxine**](fantasy_for_maxine.html))

**Fantasy for Maxine**
- Part 2
by Steve
Fantasy for Maxine Part Two by Steve

It is now a couple of weeks since our adventure in the woods.

Tara has become a friend, but lives a couple of hundred miles away and
can’t make it this weekend so it’s just the two of us.

I phone you and tell you that on this Saturday coming you will take
part in a bondage game that could expose you to the general public.

You start to panic and say that this is not going to happen and that
you could not stand the embarrassment of being caught.

I ask you to check your emails and phone me back.

15 minutes later my phone rings, I answer and a very sheepish Maxine
is asking how 20 or so pictures of our last outing had been taken without
her seeing it.

I explain that a digital camera with a time delay had taken a picture
every 30 seconds the whole time and that I had set this up while Tara was
licking her.
Some of the pictures were taken while she was wearing the hood but
some were while she was humping the stick and her face was uncovered.

I said “it would be a shame if the pictures found their way on to some
newsgroup or web site”,  “by accident of course”.

While this is blackmail of sorts Maxine still has her safe word but
its use would kill the game. So in reality it is a choice of continuing
the game or safe word and that’s the end.

She knows that in reality I would not do any thing to harm her or her
good name but the uncertainty that something may go wrong and she may get
caught starts to excite her and decides to agree to the next part of the
adventure.

I tell her that I will come around her house 8:00am Saturday and that
she is to be naked, emptied, showered and clean-shaven by that time.

Saturday soon arrives, 8:00am I knock on your door, I see your curtains
move as you check to see that it is me, then the door opens to let me in.
I am pleased to see that you are naked and that the dressing gown had
been left behind when you opened the door, even if you did use the door
to shield yourself from your neighbours should they be looking our way.

You want to know details of the upcoming event but I tell you that you
will have to wait and see.

I ask you go to the bathroom because you won’t be going again for some
time.

Luckily you sometimes wear contact lenses so you should have no problem
with my first request, I have got a set of “Blind Eye” contacts from 9mmsfx.com,
I hand them to you and ask you to put them in.

You put the first contact in and discover that you have now lost all
vision in that eye.
I ask that you continue and put the other lens in, without much hesitation
you continue with your task, you are now completely blind. I explain that
this way it is like being blindfolded but without it being visible to anyone
passing by.

You now have to rely on me totally.

I lead you to your bedroom and that I can start to dress you. I get
the bag I had left in the other room and lay the contents out on the bed.

First there is a crotch belt, which is placed around your waist, a well-lubed
small butt plug is carefully put in place, a remote controlled vibrator
is inserted into you cunt not surprisingly lubrication for this has been
supplied in your own natural way. The crotch section of the belt is now
brought snugly between your legs and you hear the snap of the lock closing
the belt until I take it off.

Next comes a bra, you seem surprised at this as you are not normally
allowed a bra while with me. A blouse is next which I button up to an almost
respectable level.

I ask you to hold on to the bedpost before getting you to lift each
leg in turn while I put a skirt on you. It is a full-length skirt with
a zip opening in the front going from 4” above the knee down to the hem.
Footwear is next and for this a low heel ankle boot is placed on each foot.

A surgical collar is placed a round your neck keeping your head up and
finally a leather jacket completes your attire for the day.

I go out to the special vehicle I have hired for the day and retrieve
an electric wheelchair. I take it into the house and sit you in it, I pull
the zipper on your skirt all the way down to the hem, you feel the material
pull your legs together as you realise that it is in fact a hobble skirt.

A belt fitted to the chair goes around you waist and again a click is
heard as a lock seals you to the chair.

Special hoops sewn into the arms of the jacket are clipped to the chair
back keeping your elbows back against the chair uprights another clip at
your wrist holds your arms down against the chair arms.

Small thin belts go around each ankle keeping your feet in place on
the footrests.
Last but not least a clip at the back of your collar attaches to the
back of the chair keeping you upright.

You next feel earplugs being pushed into your ears, you are unable to
move, blind, and deaf but at least I’m not gagged you think to yourself.

You start to relax in the chair but you jump when you hear my voice
in your ear, one of the plugs is a radio receiver and you hear me tell
you of my plans for the day.

I am going to take you to a shopping mall, not the local one where someone
may recognise you but one about 40 miles away.

You start to ask a question but as soon as you start a sharp pain in
your arse makes you stop, if you weren’t attached to the chair you would
of jumped out of it.

I explain that you have a butt plug attached to a tens unit and a throat
mike inside the surgical collar so that as soon as she makes a sound she
will get a shock in her arse. The padding of the collar should stop outside
noise setting the unit off.

So in a way she was gagged, just not in a visible way.

I put a pair of dark glasses on you and wheel you out of the house,
I wave at a neighbour cutting the lawn I know that Maxine will now be asked
about the poor woman in the wheelchair coming out of her house. I put you
on the special chair lift and load you onto the van.

Just to make the journey a little less boring a start the remote control
vibrator on a low hum. You have no idea where we are going but you are
getting wet thinking about your predicament, you would of never thought
about going out in public whilst in bondage but unless you are looked at
very closely no one will notice a thing, you hope.

After about an hour I pull up at the mall, you are showing signs of
torment on your face as the vibe does it’s best to keep you close but not
close enough to cum.

I turn it up to full speed and before you can stop yourself you let
out a low groan, the pain in your arse brings you out of your dream state.
Your mind is confused, one moment your floating in your own little world
when suddenly without warning some body has shocked you back to reality,
I turn the vibe off.

Using the mike I tell you that we have arrived at our destination and
start to unload you from the van.

Moments later we are in the crowded mall, I leave the mike switched
on so that you can hear the noises of the people and the loudspeaker announcements.

You feel the vibe start on a medium setting you manage to stifle a moan,
no shock this time.

You hear the footsteps of passers-by, you hope that the sound of the
vibrator cannot be heard.

I continue to push you around the vibe is turned up a notch, your fingers
grip the arms of the chair your knuckles are starting to turn white. You
dare not make a sound, not just because of the shock in your arse, but
you don’t want people to hear you.

You cannot help but to feel turned on, the thought of public bondage
and the vibrations in your cunt start to take their toll. Your cunt starts
to pulse you are very close, your face starts to glow a shade of pink,
a slight sheen appears on your forehead, you bite your bottom lip trying
to stop yourself from making any noise, your chest starts to heave, suddenly
the vibrations stop. You don’t know if you are happy or sad you so much
wanted to cum, but you knew that you could not of held out for much longer
and you may of betrayed yourself to the crowd around you.

You loosen your grip on the chair and the colour returns to your fingers,
your breathing come back to a more normal level, you want to clear your
throat as the last few minutes have left you with a dry mouth, but you
don’t want a shock.

I ask you if are thirsty, you nod your head as best you can, you feel
a straw at your mouth, I tell you that the tens unit is turned off at this
time to allow her to drink without a shock.  You suck greedily on
the straw as you need to replenish your liquids lost through sweat and
between your legs.

I push you over to a quite corner where I tell you that I am going to
remove your contacts.
It just looks to the outside world that I am tending to a person in
a wheel chair who cannot care for herself.

I wait until your eyes have adjusted to the light and ask if you are
ok, you reply that you are. I explain that the wheel chair is electric
and is controlled by a joystick and that she would be able to control it
herself but there was a slight problem. The joystick was connected to the
tens unit and the vibrator, if she pushed the stick forward not only would
she move forward but the vibrator would come on full power.
If she pushed back she would get a shock in the bum, no real surprise
there but now for the extra bit, the reason she is wearing a bra is that
in each cup there is a pair of contacts for the tens unit placed each side
of her nipple. As she turns left or right the corresponding nipple get
a surprise of it’s own.

Before you can say anything I warn you that the throat mike is once
again active and I will soon be turning off my mike, I tell you that you
are now under your own control and if you want to get out of here you will
have to make it by yourself. I give the registration of the van I will
be in but don’t tell you where I’m parked.

As soon as I have said this you world goes silent, you see me get up
and walk towards the escalator so that you can not follow, you are on your
own, deaf, silent and bound in public and if you want to get out of her
then you are going to have to suffer the consequences.

First thing you notice is that the way that I have left you, you have
to go backwards to get out, the word “BASTARD” crosses your mind. You wait
a little while before getting the courage to pull back on the stick but
you know that you have to do it before someone comes over to see if you
are all right. You count in your head 3…2…1, you pull back on the stick,
the shock from the butt plug is different it is less painful and pulsing
almost pleasant. You think that the unit is playing up and that you can
now speak again, you try it out a small cough just to see what happens…you
get the same pulsing shock treatment not such a bastard after all.
 
You start to turn left, a very pleasant tingling sensation on your
left nipple, your nipple starts to grow with the stimulation it is getting,
you have to snap back to reality before you lose control and just go around
in circles enjoying this new sensation. Think clearly you tell yourself;
you look for signs so that you can find the way out towards the car park.

You spy a “You are here” type of map on a stand, you move the stick
forward the vibe in your cunt bursts into life full power, you once again
let go of the stick, regaining your composure you push the stick forward
again, this time you are ready and manage to move forward towards the map.
You have to turn slightly left while still going forward to line up with
the map this causes the left nipple to tingle as well as the vibe to run
full power. Any other time this would be a blissful feeling but it is not
what you want at this precise time. You are starting to glow again, a little
sweat and a dripping wet cunt starts to feel very uncomfortable, you reach
the map and quickly let go of the stick you take a moment to calm down
before studying the map.

You see that you are almost dead centre of the mall on the ground floor,
you try to remember which way you came in, but because you could not see
at that time you can’t work it out. You see that there are 3 car parks
on the ground level so, which one is it? You keep looking at the map, then
you see it, there is a disabled sign by one of the car parks on the map.
This must be the one, it makes sense that if you want to keep a low profile
you would use the disabled facility’s for a wheelchair. Or that is what
you hope as you don’t think you could survive going around 3 car park without
being noticed as the loony in the wheelchair who has the smell of sex following
her.

Ok looking at the map you see that it should only take about 10 minutes
to get to that car park. You need to turn right to get away from the map
and start your journey, …OUCH!!  Your right tit receives a very painful
jolt, you let out a small cry at this unexpected event, a pulse hits you
in the arse, shit that bastard he did that on purpose. Your cry attracts
someone’s attention, a young man bends down to ask if you are alright,
you can’t hear him, you make out from his gestures and a bit of lip reading
what he is saying, you nod your head as best you can hoping that this will
end the meeting. But no, you have to find the good Samaritan who insists
on being helpful, are you sure your ok he asks again, nodding will not
be enough to rid yourself of this guy. You take a deep breath and tell
him that you are just fine and must make your way back to the car park,
all the time you are talking your butt plug is pulsing away. You are loosing
concentration and you must make a move to get away, you need to turn 90
degrees right, you planed to turn 270 degrees left but that would look
a bit odd with this guy standing there. You prepare yourself and turn right
the pain is just about bearable the man watches you as you move away the
vibe is now running full blast but you can’t stop in fear of that guy coming
up to you again.  
You can feel the familiar feeling between your legs you know that you
are going to cum at any moment.

You fear that someone will see you, but then you notice that nobody
is looking your way, in fact people are looking anywhere but at you. You
then realise that because you are in a wheelchair most people don’t want
to see you, it is a human response that they don’t want to look like they
are staring at someone less fortunate than themselves. Sad fact but true,
but in this case you feel a little more relaxed that you may just get away
with cumming without being noticed so long as you keep it as low key as
possible.

You feel yourself getting closer and closer, the vibrator still on full,
just a little more….you are building up very close now…………. Your cunt clamps
down as you cum, a pulse in the arse makes you realise you are making a
noise, you look around to see if anyone noticed, everyone is still looking
away from you, you have to stop you can’t take any more without attracting
attention. It takes a few minutes for you to recover; you are now sitting
in a large damp patch. You can smell your juices, you wonder if anyone
else can, the exit is now in view, just about 20 feet away. You have to
get out into the fresh air before your scent gives you away.

You slowly move towards the door, please let this be the right car park
you say to yourself. The door automatically opens as you approach, you
can feel the rush of fresh air, cooling you down, with the vibrator now
running you can feel yourself building up again, you must find the van
and quickly.

As with most malls the disabled parking is closest to the doors, this
is where you must start your search. You ride up and down the rows of parking
spaces looking for the registration of the van, a van you have not even
seen, all the time the vibe is doing it’s best to make you cum again. At
last you see the van you have been looking for, you head straight for it
you no longer care if you cum or not you just want to be safe, you see
me waiting inside behind the wheel, a big smile on my face. I hold up a
small box with a push button on it, as you wonder what it is for, you soon
find out, suddenly the butt plug starts to pulse, both nipples start to
tingle you are now beside the van, you let go of the stick, you stop moving
but the vibe is still going strong.

You are sat in the car park bound to a chair still deaf, both nipples
tingling your arse pulsing, and a vibrator doing a dance in your sopping
wet cunt, you can do nothing but sit there and wait for the inevitable,
you hold out for as long as you can, then it hits you, you close your eyes
grip the arms of the chair, you are beyond all hope of holding back any
longer. Your body grinds as much as it can trying to push down against
the implements in your crotch, you look like you are trying to hump the
chair. Your mouth is open, your breathing hard you are cumming and you
can’t stop, you let out a scream of ecstasy, you are no longer in control
of anything and you no longer care if anyone sees you. At long last the
torment ends, you slump back into the chair completely spent.

I open the door, and walk over to you, there is more than just a faint
odour emanating from you, I kiss the side of your face you smile back at
me, time to go home, yes please you say.

Steve

sp107@yahoo.com
