---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Trials of Slave Victoria
authors:
- Slave Victoria
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- naked
- outdoors
- cage
- transport
- bond
- cuffs
- leather
- gag
- susp
- bdsm
- crop
- toys
- insert
- nipple
- weights
- chairtie
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
---

Entry from the S(A)X Leather Bondage Story competition 2005

**The Trials of Slave Victoria - Part 1**

The morning air was cool and crisp.
The year’s first snowfall was on the ground and made the trees
glisten. By
10:00am
it would all be melted away. Master decided we were going to go for a hike today.
He had carefully packed his backpack the night before with everything
he would need. He picked out my
clothing for me. He picked out my
tennis shoes and white socks (he loves me to wear them) a pair of leather
shorts that are very tight and lace up the sides, also a black leather top
that also laces up the sides and barely comes down over my breasts.
I was very excited to see what Master had in store for me today.

We ate a light breakfast and he packed some water, fruit,
and cheese in his backpack for lunch. Master
took out my leathers (my leather posture collar, wrist and ankle restraints)
and had me put them on. He then
clasped my wrists together behind my back.
He blindfolded me and took me outside to the Jeep.
He placed his backpack in the front seat.
He told me I must not move and he would be back for me.
I was, at this point, very excited.
I could feel the warmth starting in the pit of my stomach.
I listened for Master as best I could and I realized he was bringing my
cage out to the Jeep. This was
something new for me; I was very nervous and yet so very excited.
I could feel my pussy swell and my nipples harden.

Now Master came to stand beside me.
I could feel the heat of his body.
He began to lightly touch my nipples and then tug at them.
They hardened even more. “Very
nice” he said “All this excitement and we’ve only just begun.”

He rubbed his hand down my belly and between my legs.
My skin tingled and burned from his touch.
He then slid his finger under my shorts and into my already wet pussy.
He played with my clitoris, rubbing his finger back and forth against
its hardness. He loosened the
lacing on one side of my shorts so he could get his hand inside my shorts.
He then slid his two middle fingers inside my pussy while working my
clit with his thumb. He was
pumping his fingers inside my pussy. The
pressure was building inside me. I
couldn’t keep from exploding. He
brought his wet fingers to my mouth and had me lick them clean.

Now he brought my shorts down around my ankles and told
me to bend over. He took a large
dildo from his pack and proceeded to shove it forcefully into my wet pussy.
He started working it in and out of me.
I could feel the pressure rising within me again, just when I was about
to orgasm he stopped and told me I couldn’t cum until he gave me permission
to do so. He then put a plug up my
ass and brought my shorts up so that when I stood up they would not come out.
He made me stay bent over as he walked in front of me and unzipped his
pants. He told me to open my mouth
and stick out my tongue. He then
proceeded to whip my face and tongue with his hard cock.
It was painful yet there was so much pleasure it drove me wild.
I was groaning so loud now with every smack.

Suddenly he stopped.
I felt his hand reach behind my head, I gasped.
I knew what he was going to do, but before I could react his hard cock
was in my mouth and going down my throat.
I was gagging and I couldn’t breathe.
He held on tightly to the back of my head as he started pumping his
cock down my throat. Just when I
thought I couldn’t take anymore he pulled out so I could breathe and regain
my composure. Then he did it again
only this time he pumped with harder and longer strokes until I absolutely
needed to breathe. Three more
times he did this until he could hold out no more.
His body tensed and I felt his cock swell.
I felt his cum shoot down my throat; I had no choice but to let his
warm liquid run down my throat and swallow it.
I felt him shudder with his explosion.
He allowed me to lick and suck his cock till he was clean and empty.

Now he had me stand up and told me it was time to leave.
He helped me into the cage in the back of the Jeep.
He undid my wrists so that he could attach them to my cage.
He then attached my ankles; next he attached my collar to two chains on
either side of the cage. He had
given me a pillow to kneel on in the bottom of the cage.
It made the cage feel smaller. I
would find myself grateful for that pillow later on. Master drove for about a half-hour before he parked the
vehicle. He came around to the
back and I heard him talking to someone. When
they were finished talking I heard another vehicle drive away.
Now Master opened the back of the vehicle and opened my cage.
He unclipped my wrists, neck, and ankles, and then helped me out of the
cage. I was a little stiff at
first, but that feeling went away quickly.

Master pulled out the leash and attached it to the
collar. He put his backpack on and
started leading me through a narrow path.
Then he turned and led me off the path.
The trees were getting closer together with more and more ground cover.
We walked about 10 minutes and then he told me to stop and wait for him
here. He rubbed his hands over my
breasts. My skin tingled and my
nipples responded, immediately hardening.
Then he walked away. He
returned about 5-10 minutes later and pulled my leash making me follow him.
He helped me through a very tall, thick area of bushes and into a large
clearing. He had taken me on a
long drive only to return home and back to the woods behind our house.
There is a clearing there with a small clubhouse that we had built for
our kids. He took me to the edge
of the clearing and asked me if I needed to relieve myself, because this would
be my last chance for a while. I
did, so he helped me take my shorts down so I could squat and pee by the
bushes off to the side. With this
out of the way he took me over to where there were some trees about 10-12”
in circumference. He took some
rope out of his backpack and looped it through the wrist restraints and tied
them off, spread eagle, to two different trees, spreading them as far apart as
possible. Then he took more rope
and tied my ankles to the base of the trees spreading them as wide as
possible, thus pulling on my arms making them spread even farther.
Then he tied a rope around my waist and tied it off to the trees, one
end to each tree.

Now I was definitely at his mercy.
He took the crop out of the pack and proceeded to use it on my
backside, gently rubbing my ass then smacking it.
Each smack got a little harder. Occasionally
he would give my pussy a little slap. Then
he moved around me and started with my breasts.
I could feel the heat of my excitement rising.
Then he stopped. I felt his
hand rubbing up and down on my belly. Then
both hands started caressing me up and down my sides.
Slowly I felt him unlace my shorts and take them off.
He took out the dildo and ass plug.
I want so badly to feel his cock pumping into my pussy and then my ass,
but he is not ready to give me that pleasure.
Instead he unties my tank top. Now
I’m naked except for my socks and shoes.

Now Master comes up behind me and teases my asshole with
his hard cock, grabbing my breasts and squeezing them.
He tells me my skin looks dry and he wants me to be shiny.
He goes to his pack and gets out the oil.
He starts rubbing it on my breasts.
Oh, the pleasure this brings to me.
Feeling the cold oil on my skin and then it warms as he rubs it in with
his hands across my breasts. My
nipples are so very hard now and my pussy is getting wetter.
The pressure is starting to build very deep and very slowly.
He starts moving his hands up my arms then down over my belly.
Now he is oiling my legs. Next
he oils my back and bottom. Then
he takes his finger and slides it into my star.
He continues this pumping, and then adds another finger until he has
three fingers inside. The pressure
is building and I want to orgasm, but Master has not given me permission yet.
Just as I think I can’t hold it any longer he shoves his cock into my
asshole and orders me to cum now. He
is pumping fast and hard now and I can’t wait.
I explode with such force that cum squirts out of my pussy and is
running down my legs and onto Master’s balls.
I can feel Master’s cock harden; he’s about to cum in my ass.
“What is he doing?” I think, “He’s
pulling out!” He doesn’t want
to cum yet. He has much more in
store for me.

He went into the clubhouse and got out a small table and
some other items he brought out here yesterday.
He set out his supplies.

Now he takes an impaling rod and readies it for me,
making sure that it is lubed well. He
tells me to stand on my tiptoes. I
do this as best I can being tied to the trees.
He then slides it into my pussy and tells me to come back down.
This rod penetrates fairly deep and I love the feeling it is shooting
up inside me. Master sees my
delight and starts working my clit till it is extremely hard.
He then places a clit clip on it very tight, it is painful yet very
pleasurable. The pain does start
to subside after a few minutes and turns into waves of pleasure.
Now he starts working my nipples, he wipes the oil off them then sucks
them and bites them till they are also very hard.
Then he attaches nipple clamps to them and connects them to the clit
clip. Then he attaches a weight to
them. He decides to lick my
nipples and this sends my body into small spasms of delight.
My skin feels like it is on fire. He
moves his tongue down my body till he reaches my clean-shaven pussy.
Now he licks my clit and flicks it with his tongue.
He adds another weight down here to pay special attention to my clit.
This sends shocks of pain through my body making my head tilt back and
my back arch wildly.

Master decides he likes that position so he gets out the
rubber bit gag and places it in my mouth.
Then he takes rope and runs it through one loop, behind my head and
through the loop on the other side and back again.
Now he goes under my chin and back pulling it tight so I can’t open
my mouth. Now he takes the ends
and crosses them down behind my back pulling my head back and runs them under
my breasts and nipple clamp chains. He
then brings them down between my cheeks and up around the impaling rod.
Then they go up between my breasts and under the chain again to my
neck. He attaches the rope to the
bondo loop on my collar making sure the rope is very tight.
It doesn’t take long for my head to start pounding and I begin to
feel light headed. I start to
wobble which in turn starts working the rod deep inside me.
Driving me to an extremely wild orgasm.
Now I know I will be punished because Master didn’t give me
permission to cum.

Master takes out his crop again and tells me he needs to
punish me. I know Master likes
this idea by the huskiness of his voice. He
slowly but determinedly smacks my clit weight then my nipples.
I try to scream from the pain but it comes out muffled from the bit in
my mouth. He takes the weight off
my clit clip then off the nipple clamps. Now
he takes the clamps off and starts slapping my clit with the back of his hand.
Then he uses the crop on my clit and my breasts.
I can feel the sting turn into warmth as the heat rises on my skin.
Now Master tells me to cum or I will be punished more.
I start to work the rod between my legs as he is slapping my nipples.
He starts playing with my clit and sucking my nipples.
Now he is squeezing my breasts really hard, telling me I must cum now.
I can’t hold back the pressure any longer.
I explode into wild shudders as I cum.
It seems to go on forever. Finally
I stop and Master moves behind me. He
says ”You call that an orgasm? I
had to tell you twice to cum, now I think you need more punishment.
I expect you to cum when I tell you to, I shouldn’t have to repeat
myself.”

For this he started spanking my ass with the crop,
warming up my skin. Then he got
out the flogger and started whipping my ass and back.
He came around in front of me and whipped my breasts and clit.
It was so good. My skin was
tingling all over. Master told me
to cum and I did immediately.

Master slowly removed the rod from between my legs and
then untied my wrists and ankles. He brought me into the little cabin and laid
me over one of the little stools. I
was on my knees and fully exposed from the rear.
He left me here to “rest” a little.
I could only fantasize about what was going to happen next.
Waiting and wanting whatever he was going to do to me.
I heard him moving things around outside, and then I heard him come in
and close the door. Suddenly I
could feel heat near me. He had
lit a lantern to light up the cabin. He
moved behind me and I felt something soft on my backside, it was the pillow.
He told me to lift my knees and he placed it under them and then told
me to lower my knees to the pillow. I
was grateful for such kindness.

He
started rubbing his hard cock on my ass and then he slowly started to enter my
pussy. Slow and steady I felt his
member penetrate me. Then he
started pumping harder and faster. He
brought a large dildo with him and started teasing my ass with it.
I wanted to feel it inside my ass.
I got my wish-Master knows me better than I do sometimes.
Now with both holes filled I was in heaven.
It felt so good I came instantly. Master
didn’t seem to mind though. Feeling
his hard cock work inside me as he worked the dildo in my ass was wonderful.
I could feel his cock hardening as he was working toward orgasm.
Suddenly he was shuddering and spasming as I felt his hot liquid shoot
into me. It feels so good to be
his woman-his slave. He lay on top
of me for a while so we could catch our breath.
Then he moved himself off and out of me.

He untied me
and removed my posture collar. He
replaced it with a thin studded leather collar and the leash.
He placed a larger dildo in my pussy and told me to sit on the pillow
on the floor. I was not to move
until he told me to. I heard him
go outside. He was gone about 10
minutes and then he was back. He
grabbed my leash, yanked up on it, and told me to kneel.
He took some rope and ran it around my waist and then down through my
crotch four times and then back around my waist about 6 times.
Then he led me over to a chair in the corner of the cabin and told me
to sit. He bound my ankles and
knees to the legs of the chair. Then
he tied my hands behind the chair and fastened them to the back of the chair.
I heard him sit next to me. He
told me it was time to eat something and to open my mouth.
Could it have been three hours already (I found out later that it was
more like 5 hours)? He fed me the
food he packed after breakfast that morning and gave me some water to drink.

He told me he had some things to do and he would be back
later. He wanted me to try to get
some rest. He gave me a long, hard
kiss playing with my tongue and then he gagged me with a penis gag.
He asked if I would be all right for a while.
I said “Yes Master.” Then
I heard him turn out the lantern and go out the door.
I heard him close the door and lock it.
Then I heard him close and lock the shutters on the two windows.
I don’t know if it was the fear or excitement but I came immediately.
I listened as he walked away, until I couldn’t hear footsteps any
more. I worked at my bindings, but
found no way to get out and came again. Then
the exhaustion hit and I fell asleep. Waiting for Master’s return.

**Part 2**

I awoke to the smell of food and came to find out it was
morning. Master had returned with
a nice breakfast of egg, bacon, orange juice, and toast.
He asked if I needed to go to the bathroom.
Of course I did after several hours of “rest.”
I nodded my head yes. He
instructed me not to move or make a sound.
Then he undid some of my bindings, freeing my legs and ankles. He took
one leg at a time and stretched them out gently massaging to help the blood
flow properly. He explained that
he did not plan to leave me there so long, but when he periodically checked on
me I was sleeping soundly from the exhaustion of the days activities.

After getting the tingles out of my legs Master removed the ropes from
my hands and arms. Doing the same
with them as he did with my legs. Then
he carefully removed the gag and allowed me to move my mouth to remove any
stiffness in my jaw. Now he helped me to my feet.
As I stood silently he untied the rope from around my waist and through
my crotch, allowing the dildo to be released from my very wet pussy.
He attached the leash to my collar and led me outside so that I could
relive myself. He then led me back
into the cabin.

He placed me standing in the corner and told me to wait
for him to return. I could hear
him moving things around and in no time he was back for me.
He led me to the center of the cabin where he had placed a large pile
of pillows. He asked me to sit on
them and helped me get comfortable.

Master
asked, “Slave? Are you
hungry?” I nodded yes.

He placed my hands in my lap and then sat next to me.
He allowed me to rest my body against his.
Next he told me to open my mouth. Over
the next half hour he fed me breakfast and gave me sips of orange juice to
help wash it down. It was
delicious. When breakfast was over he helped me stand and returned
me to my corner and again told me to wait.
I heard him move the pillows and the dishes from breakfast.
Then I heard the sound of chains and the metal cuffs hit the floor.

Master came to the corner and grabbed my leash.
He lead me to the center of the cabin again.
It felt like I was walking on towels when I got there.
He stopped me and removed my leather ankle restraints and replaced them
with the steel ankle cuffs. Then
he moved me so that I was standing in an empty plastic tub.
It was about 3ft. in diameter and about 2ft. deep.
He then removed my wrist restraints and replaced them with steel cuffs
as well. He then chained them
spread out to hooks he placed in the ceiling.
Next he removed my collar and replaced it with a thin steel locking
collar and ran a chain from one wrist to the collar and then to the other
wrist. Another chain went from the
collar to a hook directly above me. Now he had me spread my feet to the edges of the plastic
tub, allowing him just enough room to hook a spreader bar between my ankles.
This caused the chains on my collar and wrists to tighten and not allow
much movement at all and also left me very exposed from all angles.

He left me standing there while he poured gallons of warm
water in the tub around my feet. Then
he took a sponge and began to wet my body with it.
I felt him start to rub soap on my body washing off all the sweat and
oil from the day before. His hands
started caressing my bottom. Lovingly
he moved his hands up my back, between my shoulder blades, and over my brand
that that marks me forever as his slave. His
hands slowly move over to my breasts. He
playfully pinches my engorged nipples. Then
he takes the sponge and rinses off the soap.
Now he cleanses my pussy and erect clit.
Playing with my clit until I have just about reached orgasm.
He tells me to cum and I must. I
don’t delay. I must please my
Master.

He finishes washing and
rinsing me. Removing my blindfold
with instructions to keep my eyes closed he makes sure every inch of me is
clean. Then he releases me from my
chains and spreader bar. He helps
me out of the tub and gently dries me off.
He leads me to a table where he has placed a variety of items that I
could wear.

Now he allows me to open my eyes.
He instructs me to carefully examine the items he has laid out for me.
It is my job to choose what I want to wear.
He tells me to choose wisely. Little
did I know that they would be the only things I could wear for the next 36
hours… but that’s another story.

06.03.06

story continues in [**Trials of Slave Victoria - Part 2**](trials_slave_victoria2.html)

o0o
