---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/first_meeting.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: First Meeting
authors:
- MrWizard
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2005-06-18 00:00:00
---

First Meeting by MrWizard Author Email: wylekyote@earthlink.net

You look into my eyes as I slowly walk around you..  Its our first
meeting and you are  concerned on the impression.  I run my hands
around your body, feeling it..  teasing the edges..

You stand perfectly still.

Hummm I say.

The first thing we will do is get you more properly attired.

.....  coming in from the street you've just warn your normal clothes..
In Texas thats blue jeans and a shirt.

I reach down in your waistband and slowly with one finger circle your
waste easing your shirt out of the jeans.

I raise it up .. just enough to expose your belly button.  Reaching.
I slide a hand down your arm and lift it over your head.  Then your
other arm.  Your shirt comes off, exposing your breasts. Still held
tightly in a pvc bra.

You'd heard I liked shiny materials and wanted to make a good impression.

I slide a finger under one, and then the other.  Just a little
tease for each.   Your  sneak a glance downward and both
your nipples are pushing out of the tight material.  Two little bumps
in the sea of black vinyl.

You look up and into my face.  I look deeply into yours .. 
Your wondering if the impression was right.   If this was the
right idea..  I say two words, which confirmed your thoughts and stirs
you deeply..   Very nice.

I walk away, you've been instructed to not move..   
You hear sounds behind you .. wondering what was in that bag I came in
the room with. There's a couple of jingles... almost like keys, you want
to look, but you know that too look would ruin the surprises in store for
you. I come back.   In my hands is a red and black collar. 
Its thickly padded and shaped kind of funny..

My breath is sharp as I say to you, once I place this on, you, within
the limits of our contact, you are mine to do with as I please.  
This is your last chance to back out.  If you wish to continue, please
kneel and allow yourself to be collared.

Slowly you fall to your knees, placing your head to the floor..

I walk around behind you, you see the collar go by your eyes and feel
it go around your neck.  Its snug and its obviously going to keep
you from moving your head very much once its on..   You feel
it pull around your neck as I'm adjusting it, then you hear the faintest
little click as the lock on it clicks into place.

I walk around to the other side of you. Facing you again. I reach down
to the ring in the front of the collar and with my finger pull you back
into a standing position.  Holding you steady. I pull your face close
to mine.  I can feel your breath, smell your scent as you can mine.
For a while we stare into each others eyes.  I then pull you close
to me and we proceed to kiss for several seconds.  Not a sloppy teen-age
kiss. But one brewed of fire.    Your hands are still at
your side, but you are on your toes as I've pulled you up by the collar
and held you there. Then, I slowly release you..

"That was nice" I say,  "It will be fun to explore you"

I go back behind you, and return with two 'medical' style arm restraints..
You look at them in wonder..  What will they feel like on you?  
I reach down and pull one of your arms to me.. You spread you hand palm
out to meet my chest.   I place your hand against me and allow
you to leave it there as I apply one of the restraints  to your arm,
just above the wrist. feeling your heart under my hand you watch as it
tightens up, and again hear the click as the lock goes into place.

I then lower that hand and pick up the other.  Repeating the process
you still marvel at the sensation of the restraints.. They are much heavier
that you thought.
Feeling like they weigh two or three pounds each..  You notice
little scuff marks on them.   Your thoughts stray, wondering
who (or what perhaps?) activity caused such marks.  Still holding
your arm, this time by the restraint. I pull your arm up into the air.
Way over your head and a little out where a hook was waiting to receive
it.

Then, taking your other arm, by its restraint. I pull it up and to the
side where a hook waits for it.  Your now standing, with your head
held forward by the collar and both your arms pulled above your head and
to the side. Not too tightly, but you know you can't escape.  
You look into my eyes as I've stepped back to admire your form.  I
reach out with both hands, and slowly with just the tips of my fingers,
I slide down your sides. I reach up and brush a lock of hair off your face,
as its clear you won't be able to do that for a while.  I step forward
again and take hold of the ring in front of your collar and pull you close
to me.  You feel a little pain as your arms get pulled tight. 
But at just the edge of that pain, I'm there and we kiss again.  This
time for even longer than before.

I let go and you slip back.  I reach down and unbuckle your belt.
Taking both ends in each hand I pull you towards me.  We touch together
and for a moment we hold.  Then the passion of the moment overwhelms
you for a split second and you forget yourself and thrust forewords Hah!
I exclaim, Your are ready already?  You should know that slaves are
supposed to ask permission first!  For that you'll be punished, but
just a little, as a reminder of your place.

I slowly pull your belt out of its loops.  You feel the loose end
traveling around your body.  Once its out, I hold it up to you.. "Yes,
this will do nicely!" I say.

Your eyes widen as I walk around behind you, you hear some more rustling
from the bag.  Coming back around you, I say to you, "since you've
been mostly good, I'm going to leave you your sight for a little while.
But thats all."

In my hands you see two little red foam, balls.  They are hearing
protectors which fit into ears.    You look at me as I roll
one up and put it into one of your ears..   Holding it there
you marvel as the sounds of the room slowly vanish in that ear.. 
The second one goes in to the other ear, as you look at me I smile.  
I pull you close by the collar, at such closeness you can still make out
my words, but just barely.. "Now, lets see about that little punishment!"
I release your collar and reach down and unsnap your jeans.  No longer
being held in place, they drop to the floor.  You can't look down
because the collar won't let you, but you wonder if your panties were to
my tastes.

I walk around you.. slowly..  My hands are touching you, feeling
you. They are gentle, just a little touch, but you feel them as I maneuver
around and out of your sight.    Then there is nothing.  
No feeling, no touches. The only thing you see is the wall in front of
you..  and you wish there was a mirror so you could see whats happening.

There is another light touch.  then another, from the other side.
one of your nipples feels a touch.  then your front.  Your now
wishing I had given you a blindfold as you stare into the blank wall.

Another touch from the side. and you feel my hand rest there and slide
down your thigh.  then nothing and nothing.

you twitch, thinking there was a touch, but it wasn't then again, my
hand is there, sliding down the other thigh. Then nothing, just a haze.

Then WHACK you feel the brief flash of pain as the belt crosses your
behind.  The sting of pain comes through the haze which had enveloped
your mind, like a strike of lightning in a dark storm.  It was a single
stroke, but its suddenness and power was startling.  A tear runs down
your cheek.

I come back around in front of you and grab you by the collar.. Looking
into your eyes.  I say, next time I tell you to not move, I may not
be as generous..  I then kiss your tear.  and then your forehead
and finally you on the lips for a long .. lingering moment.  I then
release you and the tension comes out of your arms and you relax a bit.
I then reach up, to both your ears and remove the plugs.   
Its quite a shock as sound returns..

"There there, that wasn't so bad" I say.  You of course still feel
the warmth of the sting.

I pull up your jeans part way.  Now hand me your right leg.   
You comply, but realize that when you lift it off the ground, all your
weight is now on your arms.  I hold your leg in my hand, and remove
your shoe, a nice little shiny pump, and then pull your jeans off that
leg.  sighs I let that leg drop to the floor and ask for the other.   
You switch your weight around, then raise your other leg to me.  I
do the same. Pulling off your shoe, then your pants.  finally letting
that leg drop too your standing there.  Arms outstretched, with nothing
but your panties and bra on as I walk off with your cloths..

"You won't be needing these for a while." I say.  I return briefly
without them, but with two more of those restraints.  Give me one
of your legs. I command.  You lift  a leg up to me. Where I reach
down and wrap one around your ankle.    You hear that little
click sound as the lock finds its way home.   We do the same
thing with the other leg.

"Spread your legs" I command,   Which you do.  But only
so much, because as they spread, your arms are drawn tightly apart. 
I look at you, hands on my hips, "Come on, you can do better!"

You stretch and pull until your arms are where they can't take it anymore.
I reach down, and do something with the restraint on your left leg, then
to your right.  You wonder what I was doing.  a few seconds later
you feel a little pressure on each leg in turn..  Tempting fate, you
decide to test things.  Tugging a little on your left leg, then your
right, you realize that you cannot really move them any more..  They
are being held tightly apart.

There is a little tension in your arms, and in your legs, but those
heavy restraints keep the weight from cutting off any circulation. though,
you feel a bit of apprehension as up until now, you thought you could get
away, or stop something.  You were counting on being able to kick
me, if need be, but now, you realize that you are almost completely under
my control.

You drift away as nothing had happened for a few moments.  
I pull you to me  and press our bodies tightly.  I run my hands
along your chest. tease your breasts a bit.  and slide a finger down
through the front of your panties.  I whisper into your ears, "open
wide"   You are so entranced at the moment that you don't think,
and just obey, opening your mouth.  Whereby a round ball is stuffed
in, and a strap is wrapped around your head and tightened.  You feel
a twinge of fear, and a little panic. You pull on your bonds, but they
don't move hardly at all..  In fact they feel a little tighter. 
You realize now, that you have no escape, no way to call for help. 
There is nothing left for you, but what I want to do with you. A small
spark of true panic appears in the back of your mind.

You shudder as my hands run down your chest.  Starting slowly,
at your outstretched arms. I run my hands across your body.  They
travel from your arms down to your shoulders.  then across your breasts.
where they pause for a moment, and you can feel the heat from my hands
through the material.  The warmth is almost like fire.  but its
brief. as my hands continue their journey down your body.  caressing
each little space along the way.  They finally reach your waste and
slide over your mound and onto your thighs.  then down your legs where
they stop at your calves. then they start back up again.  This time
they go around the back of your legs. Up to your buttocks where they pull
apart your cheeks..

You wince as they hit a now tender spot, and you briefly remember your
punishment from earlier.  Then they travel up your back and around
your neck, reaching the ring in your collar.  you are pulled back
again, into me. and feel the warmth of my body as we touch.  I hold
you there and we sway, just a little as I hold you tightly.  letting
go with one hand, I reach down past your waist, and slip a finger into
your panties. slowly it makes its way around, as my other arm holds you
tightly too me. looks into your eyes you feel my finger pull away the crotch
of your panties and you feel something down there.  something round
and hard. which you can feel is slowly rubbing against you.

You feel fear again.  This is it you think.

My finger is working its magic, you feel ... whatever that is... slowly
going up inside of you.  I pull you tight to my lips and cover the
gag and you with my lips.  While still working that hard round thing
into you, I reach behind your head with my other hand and pull your face
tight into the kiss.  You think to yourself, I'd always heard gag
kisses were best, but until now, I'd never really had one.  You feel
a strange sensation between your legs, and at your lips.  Like the
two are connected somehow. You grind your hips as we press our faces together. 
You feel my finger come away from you crouch and join my hand on the other
side of your head as I pull your face tightly against mine.  We hold
the kiss, a long lingering kiss for a while.. and then pull apart. 
I step back, away from you.  Your eyes widen in surprise.  Something
is still in you! wonders I smile at you, and hold up a little box with
a switch on it.

I say, "Oh, slave, I did bring another little toy" while on my face
is a  really evil looking grin.

I reach over and press the button on the box.  for a second, nothing
happens.  Then all of a sudden you feel powerful vibrations coming
from within you.  They are too much, you feel them inside, your wither,
and pull on your bonds.. You glance at me and I smile..  You feel
something building in side, something ready to burst.   You pull
and thrash at your bonds.  You moan into the gag. I reach over, and
grab you by the collar, pull your face slowly into mine as the sensations
get stronger. when our lips touch, you shudder as your first orgasm occurs.  
I pull you tight into me, and you get another as I kiss you again through
the gag.

Holding you again, I feel you rocking against me, and we grind together,
and you pull on your bonds another orgasm hits you and a small mew escapes
from your gag.  You feel sweat start to form on your face and you
feel a primitive urge. . You tug at the bonds and pull, but to no avail. 
As I let go of you, I bend my head down and place my mouth across one of
your nipples.  the heat is like fire, and you shudder again as another
orgasm passes through your body.  all of a sudden its over, the vibrations
stop..

You hang there. out of breath, breathing heavy around the gag. 
I lean over and unbuckle the gag, pulling it slowly from your mouth I lift
up your face with by your chin and kiss you on the lips.  just a gentle
kiss. A touch.  I push you back upright.  Into a standing position. 
I then reach up and release your left wrist then your right..  then
reach down and do the same for you legs.  You stand their, rubbing
your wrists a little.  There's no marks, but they are kind of sore. 
I pick up a small collar, a little silver fragile thing.  and hold
it I tell you to kneel.   Which you do..  I reach around
and unlock the heavy collar, and replace it with a small sliver one.. 
You shudder as its cold steal touches your damp skin.  I lift your
face up with my finger and raise you to standing. Looking into your eyes
you hear the words  "Now I'm hungry, lets get some clothes on you
and go get dinner!"

You dress, in some new shiny clothes you purchased just for the occasion.

..... Later, as we sit down at the dinner table, you get a funny look
on your face..     I notice and start to smile. 
Oh  "You forgot about that didn't you" as I smile I hold up the box.  
You feel shock as you realize that vibrator, that insidious device, is
still inside of you! and whats worse! I've got the box with me!
