---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: In the Vice 6
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- encased
- cons
- X
date: 2005-08-07 00:00:00
---

In the Vice by Rbbral

**Chapter Six**

So Dee was left alone, imprisoned, peering out at the large hall; big
chairs, statues, rugs, paintings – and her in a rubber lined suit of armour!
She actually laughed out aloud; she wondered what King or the rest of the
crew would think. Well, they didn’t know anything about this, for she was
on her own. They couldn’t save her now; she had got herself into this and
would have to get herself out; that is if she wanted out! What would she
be “saved” from - Tom or herself? She dwelt on this for a while, the journey
she had taken in the last ten days and the voluntary journey to come to
Tom’s place, knowing full well what it may mean.

Dee was now warm and a little damp, but really quite comfortable. Tom
returned and proudly held up two large transparent dildos. They were very
irregularly shaped, and then Dee realised they were the casts from her
insides!

“Soft, pliant rubber Dee - of you and for you. So what do you say, want
to be plugged?” He was asking her, which she thought strange; he could
do anything he pleased with her, but she gave a small smile, sure, why
not, she thought. He took the steel crotch piece from the hall table, opened
it out and twisted the two dildos into firm rubber mountings on the inside.
He lubed them up, she thought she didn’t really need it, she was so moist,
and then he squatted between her legs, and very gently eased firstly the
front one inside her. She gasped…ffff.....mmmm…he stopped but he noticed
her reaction was with pleasure and that she was very moist so he pressed
on up to the hilt. He then repeated it at her rear. This was a lot tougher
and she asked him to take it slower, so he massaged her sphincter until
it relaxed and then pressed firmly and without a break into her. She let
out a whoosh of air and he raised the front and rear flaps and locked them
at her abdomen and small of her back. Now she knew she was well and truly
stuffed.

“How do you feel?” He eyed her face closely.

“Woo, fine, okay, just getting adjusted, yeah, I will be fine, just
need a few minutes to work up some juices. It’s so weird having such a….perfect
fit.” Tom laughed and kissed her gently.

“You’re something special Dee. But it’s own up time again, I’m afraid.”

“Oh, no, now what have I let myself in for?” She groaned. He tenderly
tapped her nose.

“No more than you deserve my dear, only the best for you, our…my star
pupil. I’ve not told you the rubber suit here is in fact two connected
suits, which can be inflated. So….as I am inflating you here with this
hose at your hip, the suit inflates and squeezes you nice and tight…..yes?”
And the suit did inflate, and started to press into every crevice. She
started to moan as the pressure began to increase. The suit began to pop,
finding crevices to fill and shortly Dee was held rigid in a vice of rubber.

“Enough, enough, I can hardly breathe in here.” She said quietly, Tom
however noted she did not scream or panic. Oh yes, Kathy was right, this
girl was something special - one to be pampered and savoured. Her face
was now squeezed by shiny, rubber. Her cheeks were compressed, with just
her eyes, nose and mouth held within a small triangle. The inflation had
stopped and she now breathed calmly, she was warm, she was protected, she
was what – almost back in the womb.

“Well done Dee, you are quite a sight, and now for one final addition.”
He held up her clear plastic mouthpiece, the perfect gag, formed to the
exact contours of her mouth. Tom fixed the base plate to the face piece
of shiny steel, still raised above her face. Dee started to look concerned
again.

“Don’t fret Dee, you can breathe through your nose, and there is the
small tube through the gag, which we can use for breathing or feeding,
it’s connected to a small hole in the face piece. You will be fine Dee.
Open up now!” She waited a second, but there was no reason to fight now,
so she opened her mouth as best she could, with the tight rubber inner
helmet holding her rigid. Tom smiled reassuringly and lowered the face
piece, and the big plug entered her mouth. She wiggled her head slightly,
and matched her teeth with the indents in the gag. Oh yes, it was a perfect
fit; perfect for the job for which it was designed, to keep her mute! At
first she mmmffed and then mmmed and then silently endured.

She could breathe in fairly easily but her nose was the better route.
She heard two clicks and the face piece and the perfect gag were locked
on. She peered through the mesh and could see a good part of the hall.
Tom peered in at her, smiling at her silent eyes looking to left and right.
Well, she was truly cooked now, there was no point in panicking, and so
she overcame her last vestiges of nerves and tried to enjoy this “experience”.
She could move her arse and crotch very, very slightly and so she started
to clench those muscles and ride the dildos.

She had a sense that she was not going to be a passive observer for
the evening, for something was on! But was she to be a willing or unwilling
participant? Things, she felt, were on the move.

After a while Tom returned back into her view, dressed in a bright red
catsuit with knee high leather boots, he peered through her face piece
and held up one thumb, she grunted once for okay and he went out of view.
He returned with platters of food, which made Dee very hungry, and then
bottles of champagne, which made Dee very thirsty! Well, she thought, the
guests will be well fed and watered but what about me? The food was arranged
around a large table with couches surrounding it. Then the doorbell rang!

Dee held her breath, and who should enter but….Joan!

She was dressed as Dee remembered her, in her superb rubber riding outfit
and she looked fabulous. But Dee’s eyes then moved to the person with her.
It was a tall woman who, like Dee before, was dressed as a pony girl. But
the costume and the predicament of the girl were slightly different. Dee’s
startled eyes began at the girl’s feet and worked up. She wore similar
thigh length boots but the foot was shaped as a horse’s hoof, with the
foot inside held in a high heel. She wore no panties, or gusset piece,
just a tight basque in shiny black rubber. A tail sprouted from her bum,
clearly attached to a dildo. Dee noted the poor girls bottom was brightly
striped, clearly the result of the attentions of Joan’s whip.

But the girl’s front intrigued Dee. Her vulva was shaved and fully exposed,
her labia had been pierced on both sides twice with gold eyelets, through
which two small rings had been passed and joined. From both rings bells
jingled as she moved. The effect of the rings was to almost close the girl
up, maybe she could pee, Dee thought, but no one would be able to get inside
her! The girl’s boobs were exposed, with nipples pierced with rings, and
two more bells. A high neck brace held her head erect. And her hands had
been pushed into single mitt and pulled behind her and attached to the
collar. The girl’s head now caught Dee’s eye, she was completely bald!
And round her neck was a wide silver collar with, in gold letters the name
Michelle.

So, at last Dee had found one of the girls, and not by chance. She was
now well aware she was part of a big set-up and she was now very nervous.
Although she was proud that she had found one of the girls, this was small
comfort if she could do nothing about her. She now had a sense that she
would be seeing the other girls this night! She was now aware that the
woman was being paraded in front of her, for her benefit. Dee was now in
their “clutches” just as powerless as Michelle, and with her fate now in
their hands. As she thought on this, she noted a large gold ring through
Michelle’s septum and it was from this ring that a chain was pulled, not
too gently, by Joan. In addition Michelle had a large red rubber ball crammed
in her mouth attached to a single strap around her head.

Joan kissed Tom affectionately and admired his red suit.

“Michelle has been disobedient this evening, so I had to gag and quirt
her, she’s calmed a little, I’ll chain her here by the fireplace, she can
watch the evening from here. Michelle dear, open your legs, now see that
statue over there,” she pointed at Dee, “well I want you to be as still
as that, if I hear one jingle from your bells then you will feel my quirt
again.” She brushed her finger across Michelle’s ringed vulva then sat
on the couch as poor Michelle quietly whimpered into her gag. Tom served
Michelle some champagne as Dee heard a familiar voice.

“Sorry I’m late.” And Anna entered! She looked a divine as when Dee
had left her, this time in a canary yellow catsuit, which showed her slim,
hard body very well indeed.

“I had the devil wheeling Lara’s cot out of Joan’s horsebox.” She pulled
in a baby’s cot and curled up inside, Dee assumed, was poor Lara. Anna
dropped the side gate.

“Out you get baby, you can crawl around here for a while, although you
won’t get far like that,” she chuckled, “ can you imagine if we had been
stopped, Lara in the cot and Michelle strapped in the box, all rubbered
up, the cops would have had a fit.” And they all laughed loudly. Lara slithered
backwards out of the cot wearing a similar outfit to the one Dee had worn
– bonnet, big dummy gag, bootees and mittens, all in pink with cute animal
pictures. But the romper suit was different. While it covered her full
torso and upper arms her legs had been doubled at the knees and stuffed
into the short legs of the suit. Dee could see below Lara’s buttocks the
outline of her feet and her calves were tightly pressed back against her
thighs, it allowed her no movement at all.

Anna kept her on a leash but allowed her to waddle uncomfortably around,
dribbling from her dummy. Anna admired the other’s dress and moved to Michelle;
and smiling tenderly fondled her breasts, Michelle was unable to do anything
and tried hard not to jingle her bells! They helped themselves to food,
now ignoring their two captives, but making small talk; just like any other
party – without the bizarre costumes, and slaves!

Dee watched the strange tableau in her tight rubber cocoon, and then
the doorbell rang again. Kurt or John she thought? Dee held her breath
as John came in, looking very handsome in a cool long sleeved white rubber
t-shirt and black tights, with a very large bulge at the front. God, he
looked good, Dee thought and felt a stirring in her already very moist
channel. Behind him walked a girl, completely encased in form fitting green
latex, her vulva, arse and nipples only being exposed. Over her head was
a full head mask with pin holes at her eyes, small nostrils and a large
hole opposite her mouth. Dee was well experienced in John’s control fetish
and the girl was well controlled. Her feet were in knee high ballet boots,
with seven inch heels which elevated her instep to the vertical and forced
her to walk on a stretched tiptoe of steel.

She took tiny, wavering steps, for her ankles were fettered with a nine
inch chain. Her hands were drawn back in a single bondage glove attached
to a chain which passed between her buttocks, through a ring poking out
of her arse, between her legs, and which was then attached to the lower
of two rings through her labia holding two eyelets tight. Ouch, thought
Dee. The girl’s elbows were also drawn back and tied, touching each other.
Dee knew that any movement of her arms would pull on the ring attached
to whatever was up her arse, and on the lower vulva ring. It was very clever,
and cruel she thought, wryly appreciating John. Round her waist was an
excruciatingly tight corset which gave her an hourglass figure and round
her neck a high posture collar to match. In her mouth was a large ring
gag, exposing her mouth and drooling tongue. John slowly pulled her along
by a chain which split into two and attached to her two nipple rings.

Of all the girls, so far, this one was suffering the most. Dee felt
for the poor girl wobbling behind John, as he joined the others, but then
again she felt just a little aroused. Barely looking behind him he casually
unclipped the vulva chain and pushed her back onto the couch. She let out
a big aaahhh as she landed; clearly whatever was up her rectum had given
her a jolt, but she soon settled herself into an upright position, looking
down at Lara kneeling on the floor and then at Michelle, standing still
by the fireplace. They helped themselves to more drink and food, again
making small talk, commenting on one or two of the women…in appreciation
or criticism, the three trussed women silent and subdued.

Then it was Kurt’s turn to arrive, beautifully turned out in evening
dress, and Dee knew that underneath he would be wearing latex. He was quite
a dish, thought Dee, so urbane and cool. The woman he led in looked the
most “normal” of all the unfortunates. She wore the familiar long rubber
cape from neck to ankles, which Kurt took off, revealing a full length
velvet dress with spaghetti straps and dipping bust line. Dee knew that
this would be lined with latex, as would the shoulder length white opera
gloves. She had a page boy hairstyle low on the brow, but Kurt unceremoniously
pulled this off, revealing her bald head. Dee saw the same silver collar
as Michelle’s, but with the letters Marj. So Jo must be the girl in the
rubber suit, Dee thought.

The velvet/rubber dress was split enticingly up the front and back,
and Dee wondered if she was wearing panties at all. Kurt hugged the other
four, ignoring the other captives, as if they were furniture.

“Sorry, I’m late, Marj had a little tantrum at the opera, so we left
early, and we can all look forward to punishing her later. Look how lucky
she is, not even in bondage, and she becomes silly. You know I think she
does it sometimes on purpose just to be punished, she’s such a submissive,”
Marj held her head low, her bald dome shining in the candlelight. Dee looked
again at her collar and then at Michelle’s, she could see no noticeable
seam, were they welded or soldered on? Her question was answered very quickly
as Kurt pulled her shoulder length gloves down, revealing two similar silver
bands at her wrists, each about an inch wide and with rings on the inside
and outside – and no noticeable joint. So they had been soldered on and
buffed to perfection.

Marj and Michelle had perfectly fitting slave collars and cuffs and
could not be removed without metal torch or cutters! Very efficient, thought
Dee, and she was sure that the other two women would have the same “jewellery”.
Their ankles were covered but knowing the brutal efficiency of these five,
Dee had no doubt at all that they too would have permanent silver banding.
And, like Michelle, they all most probably had septum eyelets, nipple rings
and vulva piercings and rings. So all the women would be pierced, ringed
and banded – like chattels, which was of course what they were! They were
nothing more than packages for the enjoyment of their super-rich owners.

Kurt clipped Marj’s wrists behind her back with a small self locking
ring and pushed her back onto the couch to sit next to the rubber covered
and dribbling Jo. Everyone was now assembled, the captives in suitable
bondage and the captors in comfortable and attractive latex – and Dee knew
that one of the reasons they were here was herself!

“Welcome everyone, to our weekly event of fun and frolic.” Tom raised
his glass with the others.

“This evening we have a new DVD to watch,” he touched a button on a
handset and a portion of the bookcase slid sideways to reveal a large screen
and bank of DVD’s and videos, “which we can watch in leisure with our….four
companions; eat and drink please, and as usual help yourself to our ladies!
Once the movie has finished we do have a mutually important topic to discuss
and a possible offer on the table. But we’ll discuss that later. So let’s
get comfortable and we will watch the movie.”

The couches were arranged in a large U shape, and each of the captors
took a woman of choice, except poor Tom, the odd man out. Resplendent in
her riding gear, Joan took Michelle by her nose ring and pulled her down
next to her. She placed a rubber covered hand at her vulva and fingered
the jingling bells; Michelle moaned around her wet ball gag and closed
her eyes. Anna sat wide legged, unzipped the crotch of her yellow catsuit
and pulled on Lara’s lead, drawing her face between her legs, saliva dripping
from the dummy stuffed in her mouth. Lara began to nuzzle Anna with her
nose.

Kurt sat beside a nervous Marj, his hand up the slit in her dress. And
Dee watched closely as John sat next to Jo, clad from crown to toes in
black latex, and casually twisted the rings in her vulva, Jo gasping open
mouthed through her ring gag. As Dee stewed in her juices in the suit,
part of her wanted to be in Jo’s place right now! The lights dimmed and
the video began.

Dee stared through the mesh at the big screen as the masters and mistresses
settled own with their slaves to watch, and on the screen was…..Dee! Finely
dressed in latex, livery and thigh boots, a tail sprouting from her bum,
bells jingling at her nipples and clit, she walked, then pranced and then
galloped under the sharp whip of Joan. She was at first faintly embarrassed,
even ashamed; but then she heard the comments from the audience….stunning,
wonderful form, just look at her go, what a beauty…and within her rubber
cocoon she felt a sense of growing pride. Even the four slaves nodded in
approval as Dee pulled Joan around, prancing proudly. After what seemed
like forever the film ended, to loud applause from the audience – even
Lara and Marj clapped, and all nodded in appreciation.

They replenished their glasses but Dee knew what was next, for the second
portion of the video showed her suspended in John’s creature, tubes and
wires hanging from her and her breasts sucked into the clear plastic domes.
She watched fascinated as she fought, wriggled and struggled against the
machine, and then she heard again the appreciative comments from the audience
– how superb she looked, how hard she fought the machine, how special she
was. She then saw John approach her and fuck her, and it all came back
to her. She remembered the assault on all her senses and how exciting it
was….to be utterly powerless and sent to sexual heights she’d never imagined.
Now she was reliving it, watching herself, and she was getting wet again
inside her warm cocoon. She saw John pumping away at this strange jerking
puppet and she wanted that feeling again!

The video ended and there was silence for a while, all of them in the
room, including the slaves were now clearly highly sexually aroused. It
was Tom who spoke.

“Perhaps in honour to Dee, we can all have a bit of…..relief before
we get to business.” The others nodded and there was a flurry of movement
as the captors proceeded to take advantage of their charges, who in truth
didn’t seem to put up much of a fight. Dee could hardly keep track with
all the movement, but in no time at all, with well practised moves she
noted the following.

With quick dexterity Joan removed the bells and rings from Michelle’s
vulva, then unzipped the crotch of her riding britches and what should
pop out but a large pink strap-on dildo! Michelle flapped her arms uselessly
as Joan gripped her basque and aligned her up then dropped her onto the
rubber cock. She let out a moan as Joan bounced her up and down, her tail
swishing behind her between Joan’s outstretched thighs.

Dee now glanced at Anna who had grabbed Lara’s bonnet and was rubbing
her nose firmly up and down her exposed vulva, poor Lara barely being able
to breathe.

Both Kurt and Tom were taking care of Marj, who was perhaps now paying
for her earlier behaviour. Kurt had lifted her dress above her hips and,
naked underneath, she had been impaled of his member, sticking out of his
dress pants. Tom knelt by Kurt and had taken Marj’s shiny dome in his hands
and plonked it down on his dick, so now Marj was busily sucking away!

But it was John again who Dee paid most attention to. Jo was now kneeling
between his thighs and John gripped her shiny black dome, pushing her down
on the cock emerging from his tights. With the ring gag keeping her mouth
wide open, Jo had no defence to his thrusts. At the same time he was tenderly
rolling her ringed and belled nipples. Through the mesh Dee watched this
unabashed orgy, powerless to do anything, and what did she want to do?
She wanted to join? She wanted to replace Jo, she wanted John, right now,
and if he wasn’t available then…...any of the others?

After a while they were all sated and even the slaves seemed content.
It was Anna who spoke.

“Well, I think we owe Dee for that bit of exercise, she got us all excited
just watching her on the screen.” Tom replied.

“Yes indeed, we have all enjoyed her talents and she has exceeded all
our wishes. Have any of us any doubts about her joining our little throng?”
Tom searched the room. They all shook their heads, even the four slaves!

“So, we lay out the offer for her, yes?” They nodded again, including
the silent slaves. Dee knew something big was going to happen and could
feel her heart pound in her wet latex prison. The five of them stood up,
leaving the four girls by the couches, and approached the silent suit of
armour. Each grinned at the wide eyes behind the mesh. Tom spoke.

“Hello Dee, we all loved your performances on the screen, as you can
tell, the others were aware of your attendance this evening, not the girls,
just we five. The girls were now all looking over at the suit of armour
and then between themselves, a little surprised; now in on the little trick
that had been played.

“Dee, I think it is time we explained the exact situation you are in
right now.” Oh God thought Dee, shit, that’s what I am in, shit.

“We’ll start by telling you we know who you are….detective sergeant!”
Dee groaned into her gag, and the five heard this and saw alarm in her
eyes. Tom continued.

“Don’t worry Dee, we knew a long time ago, after you met Kurt, so while
you thought you were watching us…we were watching you! Dee, we are very
organised, we have a lot of money and a lot of contacts, some in high places.
We have been following your tracks and those of your associates. We have
allowed you, and them, just the right amount of information.” Tom took
a breath and then John smiled and took up the story.

“And without making anyone too suspicious, nothing that would in any
way get them closer to us. We leave no trials, well, only the ones we want
to leave. We admire you Dee, you had a job to do, and you did it well,
way beyond the call of duty.” John put his hand on top of her helmet, and
they all laughed. But Dee right now did not feel like laughing, she had
been played like a fish, and now she was well and truly in their net! But
now Joan took over.

“You found the women Dee, here they are, those women who had mysteriously
disappeared, into what, the white slave trade? But you found them alive
and…...well.” She turned round and looked at the four women and they all
nodded. Joan continued.

“All kinds of things are going through your mind right now Dee, we know.
What we are going to tell you is the truth, and nothing but, okay? And
it will be confirmed by Marj here, and Jo, Lara and Michelle later. This
process will probably answer all your questions. Firstly, your life is
not in danger, and it never was, nor will be. Do we run a sexual slave
ring? Yes, I suppose we do, but with a difference. You see Dee, these women
are here of their own will! These four wonderful, talented women here,”
she smiled at them, “are here of their own choosing. Now initially perhaps
they were not quite so willing, but we have made it all quite attractive
for them.” She allowed her comment to sink in and then Anna took over,
holding Joan’s hand.

“Dee, dear, these women have now volunteered their….services, their
bodies, themselves to us each for a period of three years. They each have
a three year contract, believe it or not. We do with them what we wish,
and in return in a Swiss bank we have placed the sum of one million pounds,
which as we speak we hope is acquiring interest. Now at the end of the
three years they shall be released from their contract, to go wherever
they want and to do whatever they want with their money. However should
they enjoy our….company so much, they will be offered a further contract,
the terms to be negotiated. Now believe me when I say this Dee, they will
not be permanently harmed or scarred.”

“You will see that they are pierced and eyeleted.” It was Kurt who continued.
“And shaved, collared and cuffed. With careful surgery and a little bit
of home hardware, all these can and will, if they want, be removed. Joan
here is a plastic surgeon, and worked on all the girls and may continue
to do so, if we come up with some fresh ideas. They endure some discomfort
and some pain, to satisfy our odd desires; they were made well aware of
this at the outset. There will be times that they may think they made a
big mistake, but a million pounds is a large incentive.” Now it was John
who at last spoke.

“So there you have it Dee, we knew all about you and D.I. King. Tailing
us to a couple of houses will not rescue these women. One; they don’t want
to be “rescued” and two; well he simply won’t find them. As they will tell
you, we move them around a lot, between us and between our various houses.
We have companies, Kurt an import/export company, which are ideal for moving
“cargo” and “packages” such as these beauties. We move around a lot, even
abroad, and we like to take these “packages” for entertainment. And now
Dee dear, we come to you. What are we to do with you?”

Dee swallowed as best she could, she could feel her heart pounding like
a hammer, she had digested all that was told her and knew that she was
well cooked, and they could do anything with her they wished; she was comforted
by them saying they wouldn’t harm her, but what were the other options?

“I’ll come right to the point. Dee, we want you to join us!” Oh, my
God, Dee thought, oh God.

“Yes, call it what you want, sign up, join up. We all are incredibly
impressed and excited by your….talents and your….willingness to try anything,
to take us on, so to speak. Dee, you seem to have a true desire for all
this….weird stuff,” he smiled, “and you seem to have a real fire in you,
to accept it, and welcome it and even push us further in turn. Dee, I can
only say this one way, you are born for this. You may not feel it now,
but we are sure of this. We could have some amazing times. You would be
extended to your limits and then further.” He waited a second.

“For me, I would love to have you in my machine again….and you challenged
me last week, didn’t you? Well, I am prepared to take up that challenge.
I…we don’t want to lose you.” Then Joan interjected.

“He speaks for all of us, I have some ideas I would like to try with
you, some equestrian options. And Tom, we can assure you, has some fertile
ideas too. Kurt, ever the gentleman, can take you to all parts of the globe,
out in public but secretly trussed and in sexual torment. And Anna, well
this minx here can get up to all sorts of naughty things with you.” She
smiled and raised her glass in acknowledgment.

“So it can be an adventure, pain, yes, some, and pleasure…undoubtedly.”
John now continued.

“But what it means of course Dee, is that you must disappear, just like
these four girls here. You understand you can’t go back and say goodbye
to your friends and colleagues, it doesn’t work like that. It may be hard
on them, and you; but it is the only way it can work for us, and you. King
will obviously come looking for you, and the press will have a field day
for a few weeks but then it will all die down. Happily you have no family
to worry about, yes Dee, we know you were an orphan. From our perspective
that is good, we don’t wish undue pain on anyone. King will give up, frankly
he will have less success than you, for Dee, he surely doesn’t have your
talents.”  He grinned at her through the grill.

“What you do after three years is up to you, the same with the other
girls, but you will have to have a good story if you go back to your old
life, for where have you been the last three years – no one will believe
this will they? Anyway, that is a problem we can think about years from
now. It is all very strange and sudden; I’m sure Dee - your life will completely
change for the next three years, and then another new life, but with a
million pounds. The option is we release you now, let you go, unharmed.
And rest assured you will not hear from us again, nor will you be able
to “pin” anything on us, for you will have proof of nothing. We will be
strangers to you. Kathy will move on, there will be no trail to follow.
Believe us, we are good at this. But we hope it won’t come to this, we
want you here, with us. Dee, you have done everything asked of you, and
more. You have found the girls, unharmed; you have completed your assignment.
So, what happens, you go back to your job, are you so much in love with
your job, your present life that it is a better option, and one with no
million pounds at the end? You are a natural at this; in fact I can see
you in our positions, doing this for the fun and not the money. The girls
over there will admit there are times when they think they made a mistake,
but then there are also times when they are having a hell of a time.” He
gave them a knowing look and they looked back, all a little sheepishly
in acknowledgment.

“And that is fine by us; we do not expect five compliant and happy slaves
– would they then be slaves? Sometimes the fun is to have a little resistance,
a spirited fight. But you are different Dee, right from the start we knew
that, the other girls want you to join them, company is always good, and
you can share some of the punishments and reduce theirs. Five between five
has always been our goal and we need you to make us complete.” He grinned
and Anna came forward again.

“If you don’t believe us, we’re sorry, so we’ll leave you for a while
with the girls, and you can ask them any questions you like. We know it
is a big decision; for us of course we think it is an easy one.” Anna released
the two catches and removed, very slowly and tenderly the two dildos from
Dee, smiling at the secretions on them. Meanwhile the others returned to
the four girls and began to release Lara from her dummy and bonnet; Michelle
from her ball gag; Jo from her ring gag and mitts.

Now they stood, rubbing their arms and flexing their chins. Jo remained
in her full rubber suit and mask, but she at least had her arms free; Lara
still had her hands in mitts and could still only crawl, but she seemed
happy to have at least the dummy out of her mouth. Michelle remained mittened
but her arms were free and Marj had her arms free from the cuffs.

Anna now pulled up Dee’s face mask and out popped Dee’s perfect gag.
With a sigh Dee said thanks and Anna pecked her pink, wet cheek and whispered,
out of earshot of everyone. “Please stay”. With an admonishment to the
girls “to behave” the five of them left. They approached her, almost warily,
poor Lara on all fours, Jo wobbling in her ballerina heels and ankle chain.
They examined in silence Dee’s predicament; her wet, pink vulva so exposed
and vulnerable, her pink bum hole and the wary expression on her face,
surrounded by the tight inflated rubber. Jo, behind her black mask, spoke
first.

“So, you’re the brave copper who came to save us. I’ve got to admire
what you went through, just to find us. But you are in a fine pickle now,
aren’t you? Stay, or go, only two options.” Marj then said.

“John said you took over two hours in the creature, that’s almost inhuman,
he was right, you are a natural, and you’re made for this game.”

“Maybe, but I feel a real prat like this. Do you mind if I ask you some
questions?”

“Course not, that’s why we’re here. Anyway we don’t get to talk much
so we might babble on! And we might as well eat while we are here, let’s
grab some of that food and champagne now, girls.”

They leapt like jackals at the plentiful food, each helping Lara and
Michelle as they were still mittened. Jo lifted a bottle to Dee’s lips
and she drank heartily, the bubbles going up her nose and she giggled.
It was like a very strange party.

“Okay, about what they said, how much of it is true? Are you really
all right?”

“Depends on what you mean by all right.” Lara chuckled. “We are well
fed, fit, looked after, pampered you could almost say. And we are going
to be rich in, well between two years and two years three months time.
Which means you will have them to yourself for nine months, if we choose
to take the money and run. Look, thanks for coming to look for us, you
made a big sacrifice, but we don’t want to be saved.” The others nodded
in agreement, and Michelle spoke.

“Look, tonight was just one example of the antics they get up to. John
was right; we get pain, discomfort, disorientation and….well, lots and
lots of sex. There are times when you want out, but the money is a hell
of an incentive, and frankly it’s not just the money, we get some fun out
of it too.”

“Just suppose….they don’t release you in three years, they keep you
in bondage forever, and then, I don’t know dump you, have you thought of
that?” There was silence for a second, then Jo spoke.

“Well…it is a risk of course, but we were all prepared to take it. Perverts
and fetishists they may be, but I for one think they are honest ones. Be
honest Dee, do they seem like crazy white slave traders to you, or just
some kinky rich folks having a good time?” Dee thought on this for a while
as the others looked at her, while guzzling the champagne. To Dee, there
really was only one answer.

“The latter, I think.” The others nodded vigorously. “I didn’t want
to insult you with the question, please understand, I agree, I think they
are people who are having a hell of a lot of seriously perverted fun. I
just wanted to know if you had thought it through.”

“Don’t worry, we have thought it through. None of us had great jobs
anyway, unlike you Dee; you at least have an option out there. Our lives
were pretty mundane, and well, this is certainly not mundane. So the bottom
line Dee is, we’re in for the haul.” Dee thought on this and then smiled
slightly.

“Tell me; tell me how you see the five of them. I’ve, well, I’ve been
with all of them, you’ve seen two of my episodes.”

“Yeah,” Jo laughed,” and you are great Dee; frankly we’d love you to
come and join our merry band here. You’re a star, there’s no jealousy here,
we’re all a team and well a fifth, and a great fifth like you would….well
to be frank, take some of the heat off us!” The others laughed.

“Well thanks, I think. But I have to know about them a bit more first.
What about Joan for instance.” It was Michelle who answered.

“Joan likes the whip all right, you’re all decked out like a horse,
in rubber and livery, and she loves to whip you faster and faster, still
the reward is you get to go to bed with her, and she really knows how a
woman’s body works, mine anyway. She’s not a lesbian but she sure knows
which buttons to push.”

“Anna’s an odd one,” said Jo, “all this infantilism yet she too can
be a sweetie, she is funny and bright, but with a mean streak too. Have
you been in her adoration pants at night? If you give her a good licking
she will give you a very nice reward!”

“Yes I know.” Said Dee and the others chuckled. Lara spoke now.

“Kurt is the old gent, only not so old, he’s a sentimentalist; theatre,
dinner, but cross him like Marj did tonight then prepare yourself for some
trouble. Now Tom likes to completely control a woman, he loves to turn
us into mannequins, alive inside but incapable of any movement. We’ll tell
you now; he’ll already have a cast of you and he’ll make mannequins of
you out of plastic, with rubber inside, and then he stuffs you in them.
The mannequin opens out into two halves, quite like this suit, and he crams
you into this identical effigy of yourself and locks you in. And I’m not
finished yet; there are two small nose holes and a gag to keep you quiet
and tiny holes to see out of. Marj spent a day, a day, in a shop window
in London a couple of weeks ago, in a small fetish store a friend of his
owns. So there she was, all decked out in rubber dress and highwayman mask
and no one passing by knows Marj is trapped inside.”

“Yeah, it was a bit freaky at first, but you know after a while I got
a little excited about it.” Marj giggled and Jo continued the theme.

“That’s the bizarre thing, here…you think all this stuff is so weird,
and it is, and sometimes painful…but you just get a buzz anyway!” And Dee
was getting to know exactly what she meant. She too was getting a big buzz
from a lot of it. And then she asked about John.

“I think he is the most sadistic and also the most compassionate, he’s
a real conundrum. He can electrocute you to unconsciousness and bring you
back tenderly. That creature of his, I don’t know how you stood two hours.
You really impressed him; he’s got a real thing for you Dee. I’d love to
see him in that machine, just give me ten minutes on those dials!” And
the others laughed and Dee thought, yes, I’d like him in the creature too….and
maybe it would be worth it all just for that pleasure! Michelle spoke.

“Very soon you learn to be non-judgmental here, sex with a man or a
woman, pain or pleasure, you take it all with an even temperament. There’s
no right or wrong here, Dee. You try and enjoy each day as much as you
can.”

“Tell me about the eyelets and the rings.” It was Marj who replied.

“Well once you sign on, that’s done straight away. Joan is really good;
she uses a local anaesthetic on nipples and vulva but the septum, yes,
that did hurt. The eyelet in the nose is a big one and can take big rings,
but it’s hard to get an anaesthetic there. If I don’t stay I will get them
all removed, except the nipples, I quite like them now.” The others nodded
in agreement.

“But what’s it like when they…lace up your…ring your vulva…close it
up.” It was Jo, behind the mask, who answered.

“That is a bit strange all right, but there is no real pain. It kind
of looks funny though. It’s no big deal really. I have been stitched up
for three days before; they caught me masturbating, so they soon put a
stop to that! You can pee all right, you just can’t get at your clit, and
it’s a pretty clever design I have to admit.” Dee was a bit surprised at
the answer, but after all they had been through maybe it wasn’t such a
big deal.

“They clipped my hair down to a half inch. I loved my hair, red and
thick, but now it is gone. Are you all bald?” Lara answered.

“Afraid so, Dee, they’ll want it all off. It heightens the senses and
it’s much better being bald when you have to wear so many masks and hoods.
You’ll get used to it really quickly. You’ll see we all have the same collar
and cuffs and on our ankles too. They are on for the duration, they’re
soldered on. They each have our name on them and actually they are quite
comfortable as they have a padded rubber inside. They squirt skin cream
under them to keep the skin in good shape and we haven’t had any problems.
If we do I guess they will just cut them off and treat us, no big deal.”

“It’s weird when you go out in public, you’re in bondage, wearing rubber,
probably plugged back and front, and one of them has a remote that can
send you crazy in about a minute, and you have the wig on of course, and
no one notices a thing, no one suspects anything. And even though we have
the slave bands on, with the rings and our names in gold on them, no one
blinks an eye; they just think its some kind of heavy duty jewellery –
which it is! They like the bands, they are so easy to subdue us with, you
just need a small snap ring and bingo we’re a powerless. And being out
in public somehow, I don’t know about you three,” she glanced at the others,
“but I get a buzz too. You are part of the charade, in fact the centre
of it and you are revelling in the game as well.” The others all nodded
in agreement.

“What about…sex, I mean plain sex.”

“Vanilla you mean? Well not really, we have cock and pussy, sucking
and anal sex, and all the usual stuff going into every hole; you saw what
went on earlier, but it is always with a bondage or fetish theme. You’re
stretched out or hung up, or dressed as a horse or a baby, or you are getting
a real good spanking. I’ll own up for one here, there’s nothing I haven’t
really disliked. The anal was a bit of a stretch at first – if you see
what I mean,” Jo laughed, “but I have always been a bit liberated. Remember
Dee, we don’t judge - just do it and get some pleasure out of it!”

“What about the travel?”

“You make it sound like the army! Wear rubber, be a sex slave to a bunch
of millionaires and see the world! Yes, we do travel quite a lot. They
have houses or flats all over the place. But the mode of travel can leave
a bit to be desired.” Jo smiled ruefully.

“I’ve been in a rubber lined and inflated steamer trunk for at least
eight hours, on the way to France. And then I’ve been encased in a metal
tube surrounded by foam rubber.” Said Marj. Michelle continued.

“I’ve been in a wooden container dressed in rubber and a gasmask and
hidden in a truck, surrounded by about a hundred others.”

“I’ve been tied up and gagged, disguised as an Arab woman complete with
the full head dress and walked straight through customs, I wouldn’t want
to do that again, I was shitting myself.”

“Once they passed me off as a deaf mute. I had a gag locked inside my
mouth and my teeth screwed shut; that was freaky. Believe me they are very
inventive.”

“Do you ever get any rest time?”

“Oh yes, lots of it. Sometimes I am looking forward to being rubberised
and fucked again. They all have jobs or businesses to run, so a lot of
time can be spent in your room, wherever you are staying. Most of the houses
have rooms, cells really, where you stay, you can read, watch videos and
TV. Of course most of the movies and books are fetish stuff anyway. So
you can get plenty of time on your own, and anyway when you get back to
the weird stuff, you’re ready for it, in fact sometimes you are looking
forward to it, believe it or not.” And Dee did reflect on that, and she
was right, Dee admitted that she was champing to get to see “number five.”
Marj continued.

“The whole operation of being transformed into their slave will take
about an hour, I suppose and everything will be done at once. There’s no
going back then. Joan does the piercing and eyeleting; and John the soldering
and shining. The others help out, they have a great old time – while you
are strapped down and thinking about changing your mind. But don’t Dee.
You will have local anaesthetics and it is not so bad. Once you’re ringed,
pierced and collared and cuffed, oh yes and for you, shaved, your new life
begins and you can write off any memories of the past. The present is all
you live here.”

“So, if I say no, I don’t want to be their rubber plaything, for three
years. They release me and I don’t hear from them again? Sounds doubtful.”

“Well, none of us turned them down so we don’t know for sure, but they
are really organised. Kathy will disappear and surface somewhere else,
you would have trouble trailing this lot, and anyway why trail us; we’re
here because we want to be, Dee. Course they wouldn’t believe that, who
would? The bottom line is you wouldn’t pin anything on them, so don’t waste
your time.”

“And if I stay….King and his team are going to be mightily pissed off
at my disappearance.”

“Maybe more surprised I’d say, but there is no trail. They only have
two addresses and turning over them will reveal nothing. You’ll just be
another missing person, Dee and I hate to say this but in six, no three
months you’ll be forgotten. That’s the sad truth of it. They may try a
bit harder for a smart, beautiful copper like you, but soon other crimes
will take precedence. It’s a sad fact.”

And Dee knew that this was so true. There would be a month of hard looking
and then the trail would get colder and colder and then she would be a
dim memory.

“They’ll give you some time to think about it. But we should have some
fun as well, eh?” Lara said mischievously, kneeling at Dee’s feet, cute
in her rubber romper suit. Her head was opposite Dee’s shaven pussy. Dee
seemed nice and warm in the rubber suit, but her exposed pussy and arse
well, needed some attention, Lara thought, and eyed the others. They were
all on the same page very quickly! As Jo gave another drink to Dee, Lara’s
mouth was already on Dee’s tender vulva, while Michelle had moved behind
her and was licking between her arse cheeks. They probably thought they
would be punished anyway so they thought they might as well be hung for
a sheep as a lamb.

“Mmmm Dee, you are so sweet and tasty.” Said Lara as her tongue pushed
into Dee and sought out her clit. Dee started to moan, and Michelle said
from behind.

“Will someone keep her quiet, she’ll shout the house down and they will
return before we have had our fun, either use that facepiece gag or you
Jo, do what you do so well.” Jo needed no encouragement, and leaned into
the small aperture encasing Dee’s face and clamped her mouth over hers.
Poor Dee was now being assaulted from three points by real experts. Jo
was a wonderful soft wet kisser, and Dee felt it so strange kissing this
woman with the tight black mask with pinholes for eyes, she wanted to know
what she looked like, but that, Dee figured, would have to wait for another
day, if there was to be another day – that was the question. Then as if
by silent sign, they all changed positions, and now Dee was kissing Marj,
whose tongue was much more active, and Lara was at her rear and Jo had
her clit gently gripped between her teeth. Dee came with a shout, muffled
by Marj’s mouth clamped over hers. Lara took a break and as the other three
assaulted her in the most wonderful way, Lara whispered.

“Stay with us Dee, you’re a real prize, you will be so wasted out there.
We really don’t want you to go.” Dee shuddered again as Michelle was at
her groin and Jo had a finger, then two up her rear.

“Stay with us, you will have some major fun, and pain and discomfort
too, I will not lie to you.”

“You’re only saying that because you want me to take the heat off you!”
Said Dee as Marj took a break. Jo smiled.

“True, partly anyway, but don’t you get it Dee? You’re made for this.
You’re better than any of us and you have only started.” The four girls
now formed a group in front of Dee. Lara spoke.

“I think I can hear them come back now, so think hard Dee, do you want
to give up all this naughtiness for just three years, and go back to your
life before?”

The five “owners” returned and the girls obediently left Dee and resumed
their places near the couches. With no ceremony they were returned to their
previous bondage. The women were very obedient, Jo opened her mouth and
John crammed the ring gag into it, then pulled back and strapped her elbows,
slipped her hands into the single mitt and drew the chain through the ring
in her anal plug, between her legs and clipped it to her labial ring. Lara
was quickly gagged with the dummy and re-bonneted. Michelle had the red
ball gag returned to her open mouth and her hands were drawn back and chained
to her posture collar. Marj, the lucky one, so far, was simply cuffed,
but then Kurt, as if in an after thought pushed a large cock gag into her
resisting mouth and drew the rubber strap over her bald head for a nice
tight fit.

Tom watched all this in quiet amusement, his middle finger gently rubbing
between Dee’s rear cheeks and against her anal sphincter. The girls now
watched in silence as the other four approached Dee, who was now very much
the centre of attention. It was Anna who spoke first.

“Well, I see the girls have been giving you their full attentions.”
She grinned as she rubbed her finger up Dee’s vulva and inspected the secretions.
“I hope you had time to have your questions answered.”

“Yes, I think so, but of course I don’t know if they were telling the
whole story, but that is a risk I have to take.”

“I don’t know what else we can do to convince you, Dee. You are a good
detective, and you can carry on being a good detective….or you can join
our merry band of perverts. You know what we want, we want you to make
us a nice even ten, where none of the poor masters will be without a slave
to play with – five on five, an endless variety.” They waited and Dee,
wet and slippery in her rubber cocoon, her face now pink and damp, licked
her lips and replied.

“Well, don’t expect me to feel too sorry for a master without a slave
to play with. I’m a good copper and I’m proud of what I have done, I found
these women and no one else would have, of course I ended up like them
– rubberised and powerless - so maybe that is a blot on my copy book. But
no one else would have gone through what I did. The last ten days have
been very traumatic for me, I’ve been subjected to incredible….experiences,
not all pleasant…..sometimes I have been very sore and very tired after
a “session” but……here’s the rub….for the most part they were amazing experiences.
Taking three years out of a person’s life is tough, no friends, colleagues,
but I consider myself to be a tough cookie, and I’ve decided to……sign on.”

There was a huge sigh of relief, not only from the five masters but
also a muted nodding from the four gagged slaves! It was John who spoke
first; he seemed the happiest of them all.

“Dee, Dee, welcome, I won’t say there won’t be times when you may regret
this, when we push you through a particular exercise or punishment but,
we guarantee that your next three years will be…mind blowing.” He pecked
her on the nose and she felt his finger at her vulva, she started to shiver
in anticipation. It was Joan who spoke.

“I hate to break up this love fest but we have some work to do on our
new “slave” here, some lengthy and indeed painful work, so shall we get
on?” Joan had emphasised the word slave on purpose and it brought the group
back to reality, and Dee! John spoke again.

“Yes, absolutely, now Tom has something for you to sign and then we
will start the body modifications, which will take a while and then after
that as a kind of reward, we have a sort of initiation ceremony for you.”
Dee looked a bit worried at this.

“You explained all the rings and piercing but I don’t recall the ceremony
bit.”

“No need to worry Dee, you will be the centre of all our attentions.
And I am sure you will enjoy it.” To her relief the rubber suit was deflated
and the back of the suit of armour opened. After she extricated herself,
Anna towelled her dry, she was soaking wet, her short hair matted to her
skull. At the hall table was a one page contract. She skimmed the contents….one
million pounds…account number…not to be opened until…Dee to provide….entertainment
services, Dee chuckled at that. She signed; she didn’t see the five names
at the bottom. It was really a bit of a farce, if they really wanted they
could do anything with her they chose to, even dispose of her, make her
disappear along with the contract. But somehow, as the others did, she
seemed to trust them. They then all signed and the paper was placed in
an envelope and sealed with a pretty wax compound. Tom said.

“This goes to my lawyer, to be opened three years from tomorrow. We
may be weird Dee, but we are people of honour.” Dee nodded, and somehow
believed him, she was resigned to her fate, and she was ready. They stood
back proudly, viewing their new “acquisition”. Dee was nervous still, but
becoming just a little excited. Joan took Dee’s hand.

“Now we must get started, there’s a lot to do, we must do it now before
you change your mind.”

“I’m not going….”

“Easy Dee, just a little joke, okay, now come on.” She led Dee downstairs,
Dee absolutely naked among them, but not really embarrassed at all. The
others followed, leaving the four girls gagged and silent as before, watching
Dee walk off to her new life. 
 

[story continues
in Chapter 7](in_the_vice7.html)
