---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/samsbrexitrelief2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Sam's Brexit Relief
authors:
- Paultt
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- toys
- harness
- cuffs
- public
- rope
- chain
- tease
- cons
- X
date: 2020-01-28 00:00:00
---

Continues from [part one](samsbrexitrelief.html)

Sam’s Brexit Relief Part 2

As Sam looks at the table of directors and managers, Steve Saunders is banging on about how well his arm of the company is riding the storm of Brexit. She wonders what it would be like to ride him. He is cute in a rugby player sort of way. Big arms and shoulders straining against his white polo shirt.

He looks at her for recognition of his planning. It is good and she has to give him the praise he is due. The finance director Bob Tucker is next. She shifts in her chair and inwardly groans.

Her shoulders are still sore after the week away David had treated her too. The castle with its dungeons had done the trick.

The ride there was mundane. Not boring at all, just mundane, for them anyway. It wouldn't have been if they had been stopped by the police. Before they had left the house to go to the airport for their flight on the company jet David had made her strip, inserted a butt plug and two remote controlled eggs deep inside her and held them in place with a belly chain that was pulled tight up between her lips. Which he then padlocked in place to the front of the waist chain leaving a length of spare chain hanging ominously loose at the front. Thick tights were then given to her and her high heeled shoes. She strapped them on over her tights and stood there looking at him waiting for whatever he decided next. Already turned on she loved the start of whatever his plans were.

The body harness of leather was one of her favourites and she knew what she had to do to help him get the bra part of it on her. As he held the two rings up to her breasts she reached round them and taking hold of her nipples pulled her boobs out from her body so he would work the rings to the base of each breast until it sat up against her ribs. He then fastened the shoulder straps tight lifting her boobs slightly before he buckled the back part tight. Thus holding her boob rings tight.

He nodded and Sam let go of her aching nipples. Her boobs starting to change colour as the blood struggled to return to her body. He added a thick belt above her belly chain and asked her to breath in a little while he buckled it.

The wide collar he then wrapped around her neck and buckled tight added to the reflection she could see in the bedroom mirror. She knew the woollen button-up dress and the scarf he got her to wear covered up the obvious signs of her bondage.

She looked at him as he stood in front of her and kissed her hard. “Ready my princess?” he whispered. She kissed him back and nodded, giggling a little as his fingers reached through the gap between her buttons on the front of the dress. Pulling the loose end of the belly chain out so it dangled down to her pubis, she looked at him and smiled. *Devious bastard!* she thought as he pulled out a lock box set of cuffs and threaded the chain through the securing ring and locked it in place.

Sam held out her wrists and watched as her locked her in the cuffs. The doorbell rang. “Ah our ride to the airport’s here.” David smiled at her his grin increasing as she pulled on the cuffs and shook her head. The taxi driver didn't need to see this and as they were using the Learjet she honestly didn't want the pilot spreading rumours.

David had thought of everything though, he pulled a poncho over her, kissed her again and lead her down stairs to the waiting car helping her in. As soon as she sat the bloody eggs started up. She had almost forgotten about them. *You bastard,* she thought as he loaded the cases in the boot with the driver.

Sam shifts in her seat realising she needs to seem at least a little interested in Bob’s talk about the price of the Euro against the pound. She had read his report on flight down from Scotland in the company Learjet. Her return for the meeting was a bind but it was a planned one and this had to be attended and her week after that wasn't that important as it was the wind-down for Christmas. So when the castles owner had said they could have it for the next week as well as the week they had booked due to it being empty over Christmas they had jumped at it.

This is why she had come down for this meeting and was going back to Inverness airport that afternoon where David would be waiting for her. Her mind wanders back to the start of last week as the meeting drones on.

They had arrived at Norwich airport a little early for the plane to be ready so after dropping the bags at the plane they had asked the driver to find them a cafe to wait awhile. Walking into the cafe he had found near a large window manufacturing plant, she was aware of the looks she was getting from the customers who mainly seemed to be truck drivers and taxi drivers.

Being a stylish woman she knew she turned heads, in her mind’s eye she was naked. They could see her body compressed by the straps of leather and the way her boobs had swollen in the rings, by god they might even be able to smell her lust, as her bastard of a husband turned the other egg on. She had staggered a little and had to lean on him as they stood at the counter.

A frisson of fear shot through her. How was she going to drink her latte he'd just ordered for her?

He couldn't even give her the keys to her cuffs as she wouldn't be able to get out of the lock box. She watched him carry the tray to a back table and he slid in leaving her the chair facing him so her back was to the cafe. She was so turned on she didn't quite know what to do. She whimpered as he turned both eggs up a notch.

“You will have to carry me out of here if you don't behave,” she grinned at him as he dropped a straw into her coffee. His shrug and a smile made her smile back as he turned them up a notch.

Just to hold out from him winning this game she thought about the meeting she was now chairing, and how they could manage to survive the up and coming trauma of the next few months; as even the mighty Eddie Stobart seemed to be heading for trouble.

Both vibes went onto full speed and she had to think a bit harder. Her stomach clenched down and she gripped the eggs with her walls, trying to kill the vibes. She failed, and had to control her breathing as she came.

He saw through her pretence as she sipped her drink, smiling back at him. He grinned at her, “I love you my darling.” He laughed. Getting a nice smile of the old lady sitting at the table behind her. Sam watched him pull something out of his pocket, her eyes questioning him.

The look of understanding he got when he showed her his other hand containing two remote controllers. He thumbed the button on the single one and her arse thrummed into life. “Oh you bastard. You glorious bastard!” she groaned lifting a little in her seat.

David noticed the old lady wasn't impressed with his wife's language and smiled a ‘sorry what can you do’ smile at the old lady.

“For that, nothing’s getting turned off until we get on board, so you better put your game face on babe!” he whispered.

Sam doesn't back down much, so he knew she wouldn't beg or anything, so he drank slowly and watched his wife as she fought to control her body. Standing up he left her there while he returned the cups and the tray to the counter. Popping to the toilet just to slow things down a bit more, his smile at himself in the mirror made him laugh.

Helping her out of her seat he looked at her and kissed her cheek. Sam was red-faced and sweating as she turned towards the front of the cafe. The old lady looked concerned. “Are you okay dear?” she asked Sam.

“I am my love!” she replied, “It’s my fear of flying. We are going on holiday for a week and I am so excited by it but scared too!”

“Oh you will be okay, it’s just like being in a bus with wings, I'm never scared or bothered by it.”

Sam smiled at her as they passed her table. “I bet you would be bothered, with five inches of vibrating cock up your arse!” she whispered to David as they walked out to the waiting car. His laugh made her night as he helped her into the car. But he kept his threat and left all three on until they sat in the Learjet’s soft leather seats.

The cuffs came off and eggs came out so she could go for a pee. “Keep the plug in though babe!” were his words of wisdom as she was unlocked from the lock box and he gave her the key for the waist chain.

“Where have you put the eggs?” he asked her on her return. “Back in the place they came out of. How do I explain them if we get searched at Inverness!” she smiled at him.

“Try not to walk bow legged then my love,” he grinned as she gave him a V sign.

The meeting comes to an end. She is so looking forward to getting back to Scotland. Her PA was standing at the back of the meeting room, a file in her hand for her to sign, and then it would be off for Christmas.

The second week was going to be the most amazing thing for her. She loved the castle. The room above the entrance to the dungeons contained a suite and a kitchen. The owner was going to Barbados for the week so it would be just them, in the middle of an island, locked in a castle. The meeting drones on to its slow ending. Her mind wanders to when they had arrived at Inverness Airport and his having to help her from the plane.

David had been playing with the remote controls for the hour and half's flight. She had walked the long corridor in a daze and when they got into the boat to the island he had just left them on full. This combined with the rocking of the prow of the boat pressing against her as they stood in the front of it watching the castle grow clearer in the gloom of the evening.

David knowing her well had wined dined and sixty-nined her on their arrival at the castle, leaving the bondage to start in the morning. The private speed boat to the island was at their disposal so he had asked if he could have a day golfing at the links course on the first day of the holiday. Sam wasn't worried as she guessed she wouldn't be going with him.

He had left her bathing and relaxing while he wandered down into the lower levels getting himself familiar with the set up. Now standing on the first fairway with a local who was looking for a partner to play a round with, he smiled wondering how Sam was.

Sam was chilly, not cold, but not warm, sitting on a stone slab with only a straw mattress and blanket to cover her. Heavy steel cuffs locked on her ankles, a short chain limiting her steps. A chain ran up to her waist, which was attached to a thick heavy steel belt which indented her waist.

She couldn't see much as thick canvas bag covered her head. The steel collar that held it in place was attached to the wall by a heavy six foot long chain and to finish it off she had both wrists locked behind her back. This was her time. She did her best thinking at these moments. Her time.

She was worried by the danger of the coming months both for the business and her personal life. Being in charge of work and a submissive at home gave her that life balance, but she worried that David would get bored and lose his edge.

Now though she decided to give in to her imagination. She was a political prisoner awaiting her fate. Thus she passed the hours until David returned. Her mind full of plans and erotic feelings.

Tuesday had been her favourite day, still sore from Monday’s ride on the wooden pony, followed by a harsh spanking and the fabulous hard fucking, she had spent the night locked in a cell. Chained to the wall. So she was knackered when David had dragged her out by her hair and showed her the huge dildo mounted on a post. It started narrow at the top and slowly got thicker, a lot like anal beads. Placing her with feet apart on foot rests, straddling the dildo she watched as he moved the stand up until the tip of it just entered her lips.

She watched as he lowered a pair of chains from the vaulted roof. His fingers playing with the winch control until both chains dangled near her ears. With her hands and elbows cuffed behind her in rigid cuffs, she wondered where they would go.

This was answered when he walked back in front of her, holding out some rough looking cord which he bound the base of each of her breasts. Leaving two loops which he clipped the chains on to. He then took the slack up with the winch until the ropes went taught enough to hold her boobs straight out sort of level mid-chest. Tight but not hurting, she sort of knew this was going to get interesting, as he seemed to be working to a plan as David always did.

He moved behind her and she heard a clinking sound and felt him messing with her wrists. More clinking and he was drawing her arms up and out behind her which tilted her body forward and her shoulders pressed on the chains, thus tightening her breast loops up. This also tilted her bottom out a bit altering her angle on the dildo. She sighed and rubbed the end of it up and down her slit.

David disappeared and came back holding a leather hood. “I love this place. And you!” he whispered in her ear. Dragging the hood over her head waiting for her to open her mouth so the large penis gag sewn inside it could enter and fill it.

Lacing the hood up she noticed her ears were uncovered and wondered why as he normally went for total coverage due to the way it cut down on her senses. It was only the ears though the rest soon tightened up and compressed her whole face and skull. His fingers did the usual blood flow checks and played with her nipples making her gasp as he twisted then hard.

There was another dragging sound and he seemed to be messing with something behind her back to her left hand, then more dragging to her right. There was a bit of clicking and banging. David was humming one of his tunes that usually meant he was happy in his work, and that bode well for her. Then a bit more noise to her front. It all went quiet for a bit. She could sort of feel a presence in front of her swollen boobs more of a sense that something was there. Her stomach was in knots just from the excitement that was flowing through her.

She could feel her juices running down her leg. “Oh god I love him” she thought as she heard the humming stop. A few clinks more and her arms went up a bit more. Her shoulders ached now.

His humming changed to “Ode to Joy” and she knew he was ready.

She wondered if she was…

To be continued...
