---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Spellbinder vs The Collector
authors:
- Ranger
tags:
- n/a
---

**Spellbinder vs.
The Collector**
Part One

Kelsie Chambers, star reporter for the Tribune, was putting the finishing
touches on her latest story on Spellbinder.  Spellbinder had captured
the biggest drug shipment ever to enter Capital City and sent the city's
Mafia groups running.  Her assistant comes rushing into the office,
"Have you heard?  The Collector is back in town." Kelsie stops typing
and looks up, "The Collector huh.  A high profile kidnapper to the
highest bidder.  No one knows who he is or how he gets his victims. 
I heard from my sources in the FBI that every agent sent after him never
comes back.  They even set-up a sting with their best looking female
operative, put her into the city's club scene, built her up as the next
upcoming supermodel/actress.  Surrounded her with the best security,
tracking devices and 24 hour surveillance and the Collector still got her
- never been seen since.  I wonder who's he after now?"

At that very moment in a car across town, the Collector was handed a
large vanilla envelope and a briefcase.  The Mafia representative
paid a million up front and a million on completion of the assignment. 
"We want revenge on Spellbinder!  We want her ruined and never to
bother our businesses again.  We want her to suffer as we have over
the last 5 years.  Sell her to one of your middle-east connection
as a slave--that's poetic justice.  Your reputation is you never fail. 
We expect results for our money or heads will roll."  Collector opens
the envelope to find an 8X10 headshot of Spellbinder and all the collected
data, appearances, etc on Spellbinder.

Back at the Collector's hideout, his henchman tells The Collector there
are several million dollar bids to have Spellbinder and to father her offspring,
which would be endowed by her super strength and speed.  Also Sheik
Kiam, a long acquaintance of the Collector, called for special consideration
with the only 2 million dollar bid for the honour to have Spellbinder in
his harem with a another million if he could also get Cassandra Cummings,
voted most beautiful and talented in Variety, People, Sports Illustrated,
the next biggest upcoming star.  The Collector could only grin. 
This was going to be a very good trip to Central City.  He would have
to lay low after a double header but with 3 million dollars from the Sheik
and the 2 million from the Mafia, he could do it in style.  He called
his henchman for a meeting and stared to formulate his plans.

The following day, Kelsie Cambers is interviewing Cassandra Cummings
in her posh apartment about her upcoming movie.  "In the love scenes,
was that a body double or really you?" 
"Of course that's me.  I work out five days a week and I'm proud
of my body." 
"What was harder--acting with Mel Gibson or modelling in freezing water
in Sports Illustrated last year in a tiny gold bikini?"  "Both had
their challenges...."

Unknown to the two women inside, the Collector's henchmen took out the
security guard outside the apartment.  Another henchman takes out
the guard and Cassandra's assistant in the kitchen.  Several masked
figures burst into the living room, guns drawn, where the interview is
taking place.  They order the women to freeze where they were. 
They forcefully grab Kelsie and shove her into a kitchen chair where they
bind her ankles, above and below her knees, around her thighs. Her wrists
are tied palms together and forced over the back of the chair.  They
tie ropes above and below her breasts and around the top of the chair,
further pinning her arms to her body. They wrapped several turns of rope
around her waist and tie it to the back of the chair.  They ripped
open her blouse and tore a strip of cloth from Kelsie's blouse and shoved
it in her mouth and sealed it with duct tape.  Kelsie had to go along. 
She couldn't use her super strength or reveal her secret identity. 
She did notice they were very professional in immobilizing a woman and
even with her super strength it would take her time to work the ropes loose
enough to gain enough leverage to break the ropes.

Cassandra was getting her own treatment.  While they were tying
Kelsie, one henchman had tied Cassandra's wrists together behind her back
and her ankles and forced a very big ball gag into her mouth and shoved
her onto the sofa where she struggled with all her might.  He went
to retrieve items from a black bag, as they were finishing up Kelsie. 
Now all three henchmen turned their attention on Cassandra.  They
stood her up.  One popped the button on the back of her skirt and
unzipped it letting it fall to the ground revealing her tan smooth legs. 
Another unbuttoned her blouse while the other cut through the sleeves.

In a matter of a minute, Cassandra stood only in her lingerie, a white
push up bra and a very tiny thong, garter belt, sexy stockings, and high
heel pumps between the three dark figures.

Now they went to work, one started wrapping rope above and below her
breasts pinning her arms to her body and pushing her bra to the limit. 
Another wrapped rope around her waist and made a tight crotch rope, which
he linked to the wrist tie, making sure Cassandra couldn't budge her arms.
The third grabbed one of Cassandra's trench coat and started to stuff items
into the sleeve to puff them out and taped the ends of the sleeve into
the side pockets of the coat.  They wrapped the coat around the near
naked Cassandra.  They then wrapped a scarf around her head, another
loosely around the lower half of her face to cover the ball gag, dark sunglasses
over the eyes.  One henchman tied her upper thighs together and then
a loose tie connecting her knees and then cut the ankle tie.  Cassandra
was effectively hobbled, only able to take small steps.  To further
hobble her, another henchman pulled off the 2 inch black pumps and replaced
them with locking 4-inch pumps.

They were escorting Cassandra out while one the henchmen purposely dropped
a clue out of sight from Kelsie.  Kelsie had to admire the efficiency
of the three men--they were done and gone in under 10 minutes.  Kelsie
struggled to loosen the ropes.  Her skirt hiked up to reveal her purple
panties.  Her breasts worked free of her matching purple bra. 
She had to work fast; she didn't want to be found like this by the cops
or the media.  It took her almost half an hour to work enough slack
into the ropes to get enough leverage to break her wrist bonds.  Her
clothes ripped and in disarray, she finally works free of all the ropes. 
With strong concentration she transforms into Spellbinder.  
She uses her hyper senses to study the scene and spots the clue. 
A crumbled piece of paper with a faint address scribbled on it.  This
is a job for Spellbinder.

The address leads her to an abandon house on the edge of town. 
She comes in from the back and notices only one henchman dressed all in
black guarding the rear entrance.  She just walks up to the dark figure. 
He was momentarily distracted by Spellbinder's sexy red, white and blue
costume that hides little of her full figure with thigh high red boots
accenting her long legs.  A second is all Spellbinder needs to pick
him up and throw him through the door.  The other two henchmen inside
come rushing at Spellbinder but are easily taken care of.  Spellbinder
explores the house looking for Cassandra or the Collector.

She enters the bedroom to find a beautiful brunette tied spread eagled
on the bed.  Her arms and legs pulled to the four corners of the bed
with heavy rope, a sexy leather corset constricted her mid section to half
normal giving her a sexy hourglass figure with leather thong to match. 
Her head was sealed in a black spandex hood.  Spellbinder went over
to pull the spandex hood off to reveal her eyes were covered with a black
leather blindfold and her mouth stuffed with the biggest ballgag she's
ever seen.  Spellbinder is trying to unstrap the ballgag when unknown
to her, the Collector snicks up behind her, grabs her and covers her mouth
and nose with a damp chloroform cloth.  Spellbinder reacts with super
strength but can't break the Collector's hold.  He has super strength
was Spellbinders last thought as she faded into unconsciousness.

Spellbinder slowly came back to consciousness.  She feels strange,
laying on something soft.  Something on her head, tight smooth. 
She couldn't focus her eyes.  Her body felt weak and unresponsive. 
She tried to stand and fell back onto the bed.  Something warm and
very soft under her.  Where was she?  She heard shouting but
couldn't understand the words.  Her eyes started to focus. She sees
a pair of breasts right in front of her eyes.  She turns her head. 
Several men holding guns on her and shouting.  With a sudden adrenalin
rush, she stood up ready to defend herself, shaking some of the comb webs
out.  She realized she was surrounded by FBI agents.  She held
her ground.  Still a little fuzzy, she didn't realize an agent handcuffed
her wrists behind her back and placed leg irons around her ankles.

Once immobilized, the FBI agent closest to her put away his gun and
came up to her and pulled off the black spandex hood that covered her head. 
"Oh my god, its Spellbinder.  She's the Collector"  "She's still
wearing her mask."  The FBI try to remove her Spellbinder mask but
can't because only Spellbinder can remove the mask, a safety precaution
she added recently after the "Big Story Incident" where her identity came
into question.

Spellbinder more awake now looks down at herself, her red, white and
blue costume was gone.  She was wearing a black PVC teddy, black thigh
high boots, long black opera gloves.  The victim on the bed was released
from her head bondage but still bound to the bed.  Her corset gone,
lying only in black thong panties.  The victim was identified by the
FBI computer as Stacy Marie, missing for over a year.  Stacy identified
the black clad Spellbinder as the Collector.  The biggest secret is
the Collector is a woman, since Middle Eastern men don't deal with women. 
The Collector had a special collection she kept always near and always
bound, gagged and immobile to play and hone her skills.

Around the room laid the wicked playthings that they use to torture
her.  By the bed, lay a bag with several hundred thousand dollars
in it with a ledger with several of the Collectors recent sales to the
Middle East.  Pictures also used in the sales were found in the bag
including the bound and nearly naked picture of the missing female FBI
operative.  It didn't take long for Spellbinder to realize she was
being set-up and framed. 
"I'm not the Collector.  She's framing me!  If I was the
Collector would I keep so much evidence around?" 
"We're taking you in lady and we'll sort this out once you are safely
behind bars. The FBI agent grabs the used ballgag on the bed and shoves
it into Spellbinders mouth and whispers into her ears, "there's enough
evidence here to send you away for the rest of your life."

Spellbinder has heard enough.  She uses her super strength to break
out of the cuffs and leg irons.  The FBI agents surprised by the sudden
break were unprepared for her escape and were quickly overpowered by Spellbinder.

Across town, the Collector could only laugh as his plan was coming together,
spinning the empty Spellbinder's red, white and blue costume in his hand. 
He had heard the announcement of an all points bulletin on Spellbinder. 
He had seen the Stacy Marie's interview on the news.  His plan was
coming together.  He let one of his female assistants torture and
break Stacy Marie.  When he played with her, she always wore that
spandex hood and blindfold.  To Stacy's knowledge, the Collector was
a woman.  Too bad he had to sacrifice one of his private collection
for the plan-oh well.  Spellbinder's reputation was ruined. 
Now no one will miss her when she disappears thinking she's on the run.

Spellbinder changed back to Kelsie Chambers, star reporter.  She
used her underground connections and paid a lot of money to gain the whereabouts
of the Collector.  He was more than he seems.  Stronger than
normal.  She wondered if he had any super human powers, latent maybe. 
She would have to be careful.  Her underground contacts told her of
a warehouse were the Collector uses to process and send his "merchandise."

Kelsie having transformed back into Spellbinder but with her backup
costume since the Collector stole her original.  She was wearing a
red, white and blue bikini from her earlier days with knee high boots and
gloves to match.  But since this was a night mission that required
stealth, she pulled on a sheer black nylon long sleeve body suit over her
bikini--a very feminine ninja emerged which the thin dark translucent nylon
material much like pantyhose does little to cover her form with the silhouette
of her bikini can easily be seen.  She reckons the outside of the
warehouse darting from shadow to shadow.  She quietly takes out the
outside guards.  She peers into a dirty window to see what's going
on inside.  Spellbinder sees Cassandra Cummings hog-tied on the floor
in nothing but her black French cut thong panties, her wrists and ankle
joined by a incredibly short piece of rope, perspiration covering her body,
a big ballgag keeping her quiet. The henchmen preparing her box for shipment. 
The Collector nowhere to be seen.

Spellbinder bursts in and takes care of the henchman by knocking him
out.  She quickly frees Cassandra from her bonds but can't find any
clothes to cover her.  She tells Cassandra to wait here while she
looks for the Collector.  She has a score to settle, clear her name
and get back her costume.  While Spellbinder is searching, Cassandra
is examining the box the henchman was preparing for her.  The Collector
quietly emerges from his hiding place and sneaks up on Cassandra. 
He covers her with a black cloth and says, "Presto bondo” When he pulls
it off, Cassandra is completely bond in rope.  Her wrist together,
elbows together, above and below the knees, above and below her breasts
pinning her arms to her body, a tight crotchrope encircling her thong panties. 
She couldn't budge a muscle.  She only got off a quick scream before
the Collector tape gagged her.

Spellbinder searching high and low for the Collector on the other side
of the warehouse hears the faint scream from Cassandra.  As she works
her way back to Cassandra, The Collector is lurking in the shadows waiting. 
Spellbinder finds Cassandra completely tied up.  The Collector emerges
from his hiding place behind the distracted Spellbinder.  He sprays
white foam that clings to her black outfit.  She turns and another
henchman comes out of the shadows and starts spraying foam at Spellbinder. 
Spellbinder feels the cool foam soak through the thin nylon to her skin,
most of her black costume is covered with foam in a matter of seconds. 
Spellbinder not feeling anything, "you expect shaving cream to slow me
down!"

Spellbinder turns toward the Collector and takes a few threatening steps
toward him.  Her body starts to get sluggish.  Her mind imagines
the foam constricting her.  "Do you like my foam Spellbinder? 
It's a neural paralyzer with a twist."  Spellbinder couldn't move. 
She slowly collapses to the concrete floor in a heap.  The other henchman
spraying more of the foam on her until only her head was not covered. 
One henchman straps together her wrists with plastic tie straps and another
does the same with her ankles.  The Collector turns on a hose and
sprays the immobile heroine with a hose to rinse off the foam.  As
the foam runs off her body, Spellbinder looks down in horror to see that
her nylon body suit, her boots and gloves are gone leaving her only her
bikini.  "The twist with the foam is any artificial or synthetic material
is dissolved.  I guess your bikini is made of natural fibres--too
bad."  The henchman could only stare at their beautiful captive. 
Spellbinder's vulnerable body wet and glistening from the water and foam
unable to move a muscle.  The Collector comes close with a chloroform
cloth and covers her mouth and nose and Spellbinder slowly loses consciousness.

Spellbinder slowly comes to.  Her eyes try to focus.  She's
in a large room.  She tries to move but cannot.  The body senses
start to come back.  She feels tightness around her body.  Her
arms and legs do not respond.  She feels a coolness over her whole
body.  As she shakes the effects of the chloroform off, she looks
down in her horror.  She is naked except for a tiny black thong; her
bikini lay on the floor.  Her body is encircled by a black leather
body harness with large buckles and a strap that cuts deep into her thong. 
Her bare breasts poking out through the harness.  She tries to move
again.  Her legs are strapped together at the ankles, above and below
her knees and around her thighs.  Spellbinder tries to feel out her
bondage.

Her arms are encased in a leather single sleeve palms together. 
Her arms must be tied together at the wrist and elbows since she has no
leverage and very little movement.  Her arms are further pinned to
the body harness with large buckles.  Shoulder level straps from the
harness pin her to the wall in a standing position.  She's wearing
a tight collar with a chain linked to a ring in the wall.  She struggles
with all her super strength, nothing breaks or loosens.  "What's wrong
Spellbinder?  Can't break loose huh.  Those are titanium-reinforced
leather.  There could be ten of you and you still wouldn't break those
bonds."

Spellbinder focuses her attention to the words and realizes she didn't
see the Collector standing on the other side of the room admiring his work. 
She starts the say something and realizes for the first time she is ballgagged.

The Collector claps his hands and several men in dark suits enter the
room.  They come right over to Spellbinder.  They start to inspect
her in all her glory.  Spellbinder struggles anew but can't escape
their view.  One touches the empty costume hung right next to Spellbinder. 
Another pulls on the harness.  Others touch and pull the leather straps. 
"So this is the mighty Spellbinder.  Not so tough now.  This
teaches you to mess with the Mafia."  He hands a briefcase to the
Collector.  "You will dispose of her as we discussed” This brought
a smile to the Collector.  All the men in dark suits left.  The
Collector goes over to Spellbinder and taunts; "I'm going to sell you to
the highest bidder.  Probably the middle east somewhere--part of a
harem or as breeding machine for super kids."  The Collector pulls
a leather blindfold over Spellbinders eyes and leaves.  Spellbinder
struggles again but the bondage is too good.

Several hours later, Spellbinder covered in perspiration from her struggles,
hears sounds of people entering the room.  She feels people pulling
on her restraints.  Slight brushes of her breasts and thighs. 
Playful pulls on her thong.  Spellbinder feels very naked at that
moment.  The Collector calls the meeting to order and pulls off Spellbinders
leather blindfold.  Several men stood before her.  "The bidding
starts at a million.  Do I hear a million?"  "One million" 
"1.2 million."  "1.4 million"  "1.5 million” A voice calls from
the back,  "2 million"  "2 million going once, going twice, sold
to Sheik Kiam.  Spellbinder couldn't believe her ears that she was
actually sold to someone and couldn't do anything about it.

Later in the day, the henchmen move Spellbinder to the preparation area. 
Sheik Kiam comes in with another man dressed in Middle Eastern attire. 
He goes right over to the Collector and shakes hands.  "Good to see
you again old friend.  I brought my assistant to supervise the packing. 
As always no one inspects my personal belongs because of my diplomatic
immunity.  How about our second arrangement?"  The Collector
claps and a henchman enters forcing Cassandra Cummings into the room. 
"You amaze me with your efficiency.  I have your 3 million in the
other room."  He walks over to admire Cassandra.  She gives him
a look that could kill.  She stood there almost naked except for a
tiny black thong.  Her arms bound only at her wrists behind her back
and a thigh tie to hobble her.

The Sheik’s assistant takes out several bright blue spandex looking
items out of a bag and drops them at Cassandra's feet.  With the help
of the henchman, they slip a spandex single sleeve up her already bound
arms with straps that criss-cross her shoulders.  The tight material
gently pulling her arms together forcing her full breast to stick out even
more.  One henchman grabs Cassandra around the waist and picks her
up while another puts her feet into a spandex pile.  They slowly pull
a spandex body sleeve slowly up her smooth tan legs pausing to admire her
tiny thong then slowly over her flat tummy and stops just below her breasts. 
One henchman tucks the single sleeved arms into a special pocket in the
body sleeve increasing her bondage.  The others finish pulling the
sleeve up over her shoulders and tying the drawstrings.  The tight
material hugs her legs and body tightly, a bright blue silhouette of a
well-endowed female form.

The henchman finishes off Cassandra with elastic bandage wrapped many
times around her ballgag completely silencing her and a matching bright
blue spandex hood is pulled over her head and attached to the body sleeve. 
She is completely mummified in spandex.  To add to her bondage, they
wrap black electrical tape around her ankles, knees, thighs, above and
below her breasts.  The henchman drag over a huge trunk and lifts
Cassandra's struggling form into it and forces her to kneel in it where
ropes attach to the trunk are wrapped around her ankles and knees binding
them to the floor of the trunk.  They force Cassandra to bend forward,
her breasts touching her knees.  They wrap ropes around her torso
and knotted at her back to the bottom of the trunk.  Cassandra couldn't
move a muscle or straighten out when they were done.  The Sheik's
assistant checked the work and closed and locked the lid of the trunk with
a padlock.  Cassandra was packed ready for shipment.

Spellbinder knew it was her turn.  She struggled, wiggled and jumped
for all she was worth but the bondage held as the henchman approached her. 
Spellbinder could not resist still being totally trapped in her body harness
as they pulled a special reinforced black spandex body sleeve up her long
smooth bound legs, pausing only to peek at her thong which was totally
encompassed by a wide strap running between her legs as part of her harness. 
They slowly pull it over her flat tummy up to the bottom of her breasts. 
They slowly pulled the back up over her arms, which was fused to her body
by the single sleeve strapped to her harness.  The Sheik’s assistant
behind Spellbinder the whole time holding her up, thought he saw some movement
from Spellbinders arm and decided to reach down into the spandex down her
back and pull the straps even tighter.

After a few moments, they slid the front over her full breast to the
nape of her neck and drew the drawstrings tight.  They finished her
off by wrapping elastic bandage around the lower half of her face over
the huge ballgag in her mouth and pulling a matching spandex hood over
her head and attaching it to her body sleeve.  "Lets take a break
and finish her packing after we exchange the money in the next room." 
They admired their work, running their hands up and down the bound and
cocooned woman making sure everything was tight and just right.  They
laid her on the floor and left the room to finish the money transfer.

The black spandex cocoon wiggled back and forth violently after everyone
left.  Suddenly an arm seems to move under the spandex.  With
more rolling and wiggling, the other arm worked free of its bondage and
out of the spandex bag.  Spellbinder slowly wiggles out of her cocoon. 
She had to work quickly before they got back.  She worked the bag
down her body and legs and starts to unstrap her legs.  She stood
up on her own, her limbs free of most of her bondage.  She didn't
have time to get out of her body harness or remove the elastic bandage
around her mouth or worry about her nakedness as two of the Collector's
henchmen entered the room.  A bare breasted and almost naked Spellbinder
quickly pounced on them and makes short work of them.

She rushes into the next room and takes out the other henchman on her
way in and throws the Sheik through the opposite door.  She looks
for the Collector and sees him slipping out the other door.  She runs
after him and catches up to him.  They wrestle but are evenly matched. 
She knew for sure he had some superpowers.  The Collector breaks Spellbinder's
grip and pushes her to the ground.  He throws his black cape over
her.  It wraps tightly around her.  Spellbinder is surprised
by the strange tightness.  Her arms are pinned to the sides of her
body by the cape.  Her legs pulled tightly together.  A moment
is all the Collector needs.  He grabs the suitcase full of money and
runs out, yelling, "We'll meet again Spellbinder."  Moments later,
Spellbinder breaks free of the cape with her super strength but the Collector
is no where to be seen.

Spellbinder returns to the lounge to find the Sheik's assistant with
a gun in hand rounding up the three henchmen and the Sheik.  "Thanks
for your help Spellbinder.  I'm Jack Knight with the CIA.  I've
been in deep undercover for the last year infiltrating the Sheik Kiam organization
trying to break his and the Collector's ring of white slavery."  Agent
Knight starts to help Spellbinder unwrap the elastic wrap and her ballgag. 
She coughs and swears,  "Well he got away from me this time but I
swear I'll get him."  She finally works free of the harness with the
agent helping unbuckle it from the back. Spellbinder throws the restraints
on the floor and starts to pull on her costume.

"How did you free my arms back there?" 
"I was palming a special solvent that breaks down the leather." 
"Thanks for helping me out of that tight spot back there, I've could've
been the Sheik's next harem girl!" 
With a quick kiss to the cheek, Spellbinder back in costume starts
to leave before all the media arrives.  She had to get back to the
office as Kelsie Chambers, star reporter and scoop all the papers with
her in depth interview with Spellbinder and her most recent adventures.

28/05/01

story continues in [**Spellbinder vs The Collector**](spellbinder2.html)

o0o
