---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/couplesgames2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Couple's Games 2
authors:
- RedRob
tags:
- Sbm
- F/m
- M/f
- bond
- chain
- rope
- gag
- straitjacket
- nipple
- tease
- torment
- denial
- sex
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2012-04-15 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**A Couple's Games**](couplesgames.html))

**Part Two**

So, we return again to visit with Bob and Jane. A married couple normal in every way except for their love of kinkygames. Bob and Jane are technically switches who love exploring all kinds of games.

One day, Bob got home from work early and realized he had an hour before Jane would get home from work. He had talked to Jane earlier in the day and knew she was in a good mood and having a relatively easy day at work. So, Bob decided this was a good idea to play a game he'd been thinking about for a while. Bob took out his phone and sent Jane a text, “I have a surprise for you when you get home. Love you.” Jane texted back, “Ooh, can't wait to see what it is!”

Bob took a quick shower and took out a piece of paper to write a note. He put the note in an envelope and wrote “Read this before going upstairs” on the envelope. He then taped it to the door between the house and the garage right where he knew Jane wouldn't miss it on her way in. Bob went upstairs and set up a few toys on the nightstand on Jane's side of the bed. Then he took out their wrist and ankle restraints and some lengths of chain.

Bob took a set of keys out of their bag of toys and taped them to the back of the headboard near one corner. He then proceeded to lock himself down into a spread eagle on the bed. After securing his feet, he put on his favorite ball gag and a blindfold. He then locked his hands to the chains he had set up on the corners of the bed. To secure his right hand last, he used a short 8 inch long piece of chain that was locked to the wrist restraint. Then all he had to do was use one last padlock to lock that short length of chain to the one secured to the underside of the bed. Fully secured now, he had about 15 minutes to wait for Jane to come home. The keys he had taped behind the headboard were a safety. They were in easy reach so he could let himself out at any time.

Jane arrived home 5 minutes earlier than usual. Her excitement and anticipation of a surprise had made her foot a little heavy on the gas. As she got out of her car she saw Bob's note and began reading it before even going inside.

Dear Jane,
I am your surprise. You will find me chained to our bed. I have hidden the keys to the locks. You have three choices of how to get the keys:

You can torture me and force me to tell you where the keys are. Slapping, pinching, biting, scratching, etc. all allowed. My safe word is telling you where the keys are.
You can tease me to the edge of orgasm and refuse to let me cum until I tell you where the keys are.
You can decide your not in the mood and leave me tied up until I give up and tell you where the keys are.

Hope you enjoy your surprise.

Love,
Your slave husband

Jane was intrigued by the idea. She walked upstairs and looked in on Bob. She found him as described in the letter and without saying a word checked his restraints. She saw he was going nowhere. She announced as if to herself “I could really use a shower.” With that, she went into their master bathroom and took a nice long shower. When she came out, she could tell Bob was frustrated and very horny. She took her time going through her drawers and finding just the right thing to wear. She selected a PVC catsuit that she had only worn once before, but remembered how it drove Bob crazy.

After getting dressed, she laid down on the bed and threw and arm and a leg around her toy. Bob felt the cool PVC against his skin and, realizing what it was, got instantly hard as a rock. Jane let out a giggle at his reaction and began running one hand lazily through his chest hair. “You've been a bad boy, tying yourself up without mistresses permission. And hiding the keys! Such a naughty boy. Mistress is just going to have to punish you until you tell her where they are!” With that, she punctuated her decree by twisting his left nipple a full 180 and making him bounce off the bed in surpise.

Jane purred in his ear and asked him “Where are the keys?” Bob stayed silent, loving the sound of sex in her voice. She was getting into this game more than he had hoped for. Jane's hand slid down his body to his groin, the palm of her hand resting over his balls. She began to massage them, loosening the skin of his scrotum. She formed a ring with her thumb and forefinger around the base of his scrotum, capturing his balls in the palm of her hand. And squeezed. Lightly at first and gradually increasing pressure. Bob gasped and instinctively tried to pull away, but of course he couldn't. “Where are the keys?” Bob moaned through his gag, but still didn't say anything.

Jane released his balls, but then began to tap them lightly with her finger tips. Over and over. About 3 or 4 times a second. Individually it was nothing, but the rhythm was giving him no chance to recover from one to the other. It was as if the pain of one tap was building on the next. He groaned and pulled at his restraints, trying to pull away. Jane said “Where are the keys?” This time, Bob tried to speak, but the gag made it unintelligible. “You'll have to speak up dear. Stop mumbling.” Jane laughed at her cruel joke and continued the relentless tapping. Three more times she asked and three more times Bob was taunted as he tried to answer.

Finally, Jane stopped. “Hmmm....maybe we need to try something else....” Jane looked at the nightstand and saw the toys Bob had laid out. Among them she spotted a bag of clothespins. They had only used them one time before, and Jane had been on the receiving end. Now it was Bob's turn. Jane began by licking Bob's nipples to make them extra sensitive. Bob loved having his nipples licked. As Jane licked one, she would wet her fingers and rub the other one to keep both stimulated. When she was satisfied they were ready, she placed a clothespin on each one. Bob let out a loud “ouch” with each one, muffled by the gag. Again Jane asked “Where are the keys?” But Bob, recovered from the abuse of his balls, stayed silent. Jane proceeded to place clothespins, two at a time, all over his body. She asked the question each time and mocked his inability to answer. She put them on the inside of his arms and legs, on his scrotum and on the shaft of his penis. She ringed the sensitive skin around the head of his penis with four clothespins.

“Well, you are being a tough one tonight, aren't you?” Jane said. In truth, Bob would have told her where the keys are if he could. But, he also hadn't used their standard safe word for when he's gagged, humming Happy Birthday as loud as he can. In the front of his mind, he was a frightened, tortured prisoner. But, in the back of his mind, he was loving every second of it. He wasn't into pain for pain's sake, but the feeling of total helplessness her treatment was giving him was incredible.

Jane took off the clothespins one by one and put them back in the bag they came from.

“Well,” she said, “if pain isn't going to convince you, maybe something else will...” with that, she took off his blindfold and for the first time he was able to see the body he loved in the PVC catsuit that turned him on so much. Jane kneeled on the bed next to him, the built in bra cups of the catsuit giving her ample cleavage shown off through the low cut front. Jane struck a sexy pose with her hands behind her head and arching her back. “You like? You want this? You want to run your hands over my body?” Bob was literally drooling, and not just from the ball gag. He would do anything to have that body right now. But again, the gag prevented him from saying anything.

Jane leaned over him like a cat, “Just tell me where the keys are and this body is all yours.” Jane reached down and began slowly stroking his shaft while licking his nipples, intentionally cat like in her movements. Bob was in absolute heaven, at the height of arousal. His senses were on fire. Jane teased him and tormented him, rubbing her body against his, pushing her cleavage in his gagged face. And whenever he got close to cumming, she would back off just enough to keep him on edge. And always the question “where are the keys?” and always the mocking of his inability to answer. The girlish giggle as she watch the frustration in his eyes.

Finally, she knew she couldn't keep him on edge any longer. She had been thinking for the last few minutes how to bring this game to an end. So, she decided it was time she finally saw that he was gagged. “Oh dear, it seems you can't tell me where the keys are can you? Would you like me to take out this nasty gag?” Bob nodded vigorously. Jane unbuckled the gag from behind his head and gingerly pulled it out. Bob had been wearing it for close to two hours at this point. Jane gave him a moment to stretch his jaw muscles and swallow the spit collecting in his mouth. Then Jane asked “so, where are the keys?”

Bob told her the keys were in his sock drawer. And sure enough, there was a set of keys right on top of his white gym socks. Bob had put them there specifically for this game. He had no intention of telling her about the safety keys behind the headboard. That was his secret.

Jane walked back to the bed with a sexy swagger. “You know, just because I have the keys, doesn't mean I'm going to use them.” That just made Bob even hornier, which 5 seconds ago he would have sworn was impossible. Bob begged her to let him cum. Any way she wanted.

Jane decided she wanted some attention of her own. She mounted Bob with her wet pussy in his face and told him he didn't get to cum until he made her cum. Bob went at it like a man possessed, using every trick he had learned in his years with her. At least all the tricks that didn't require the use of his hands. Jane continued to slowly stroke his cock to give him encouragement. Luckily for Bob, Jane was already very horny herself and came within just a few minutes. Then she began stroking Bob's cock in earnest and let him cum all over his own stomach.

Bob was spent and Jane was just as satisfied. She laid down next to her bound husband with an arm and a leg thrown over him while they both silently enjoyed the afterglow of orgasm.

o0o

On another occasion, Jane issued Bob a challenge. Bob had shown Jane a piece of erotic fiction with a woman being forced to multiple orgasms while in bondage. Jane had laughed at the idea. In all her life, she'd never experienced such a thing and didn't think it was possible outside of porn. In fact, whenever they played, she pretty much lost all interest after reaching orgasm. Bob was convinced that it was possible. After a bit of debate Jane issued Bob a challenge. They would play next Saturday when they had nothing planned. He could get to tie Jane up anyway he wanted and try to give her multiple orgasms before releasing her. For every orgasm he gave her after the first, she would give him a voucher for one “porn star” blow job that he could redeem at any time. But, if he couldn't make her cum at least twice, then he would be her slave for an entire week, doing anything she wanted. Bob saw it as a win-win scenario and readily agreed.

Bob knew what he needed was time. And that meant a position he could tie her in and keep her for as long as he needed. Bob had been saving some cash to buy a new MP3 player, but decided to get something special for this game instead. He went on the web and ordered a bolero straight jacket he's had his eye on for some time. It was black leather and held the arms securely, but it left the woman's breasts fully exposed and didn't have a crotch belt to get in the way of any activities. He figured he could keep Jane in that for long enough to get at least two orgasms out of her, if not three. Bob picked the shipping option that would have it delivered in plenty of time.

When the day arrived, Bob could hardly wait. They ate a healthy breakfast and then Bob couldn't wait any more. He and Jane went up to their bedroom and Bob had Jane strip for him. He then had her put on a pair of fishnet thigh highs (his favorite) with garter belt and a pair of black stiletto heels. Bob had her put on the matching thong over the suspenders of the garter for “easier access”. She was reaching for the matching bra when Bob told her to stop. That's when he showed her the bolero straight jacket for the first time.

Jane examined it and remembered Bob showing it to her once. Jane was a little nervous at this new toy, but agreed to try it. Bob helped her into it and pulled all the straps tight. Jane was left standing with her her arms pinned against her, black leather framing her ample chest. Bob thought she looked fantastic and the erection in his pants agreed.

Bob went behind Jane and began nuzzling and licking her neck where she loved it while reaching around and holding a naked breast in each hand. Jane began rubbing her ass against Bob's groin, intentionally teasing him as much as he was stimulating her. Bob turned her around and gave her a long, deep kiss. Their tongues exploring each others mouths. They were both on fire already.

Bob had decided that his best bet at winning this bet was to bring her to her first orgasm quickly. Then he could work her up to a second. Bob went into their toy bag and came out with Janes favorite little toy, a silver bullet vibrator with a rubber sleeve shaped like a rabbit. The ears would vibrate devilishly when placed in just the right spot. Bob grabbed Jane by the d-ring built into the collar of the straight jacket and led her to the big comfy chair in the corner of the bedroom. He pushed her down onto it and then positioned her legs draped over the arms. He had her nudge her butt right up to the edge of the seat. Pushing the black lace panty to one side, he began working her clit with the vibrator and everything else with his tongue. Long experience had taught him when to thrust his tongue into her opening, when to suck on her inner labia, and when make long, cat-like licks up down and around the whole area. He was reminded of an old Jeff Foxworthy joke about knowing the combination to his wife's safe. It took about 10 minutes to bring Jane to orgasm.

Jane took a moment to collect herself and then asked if Bob was going to release her. Bob told her she was going to be in that for a while longer. Nature asserted itself and Jane asked to be let out so she could go pee. Bob thought if he let her out, she might not let him put her back in or she might decide she had won. So, Bob told her if she needed to go, she should just go. He grabbed the d-ring once again and led her to the bathroom. He pulled down her panties and told her to sit. Jane reluctantly did. This was definitely not a fetish for Bob and just a necessity. Jane took a bit of pleasure then in making Bob get a piece of toilet paper and wipe her clean per her directions. For a brief moment, the girl in the straightjacket was able to take control.

But, that moment passed quickly and Bob took her from the room. He was now regretting not buying the leash to go with the straightjacket. It would have been so convenient and sexy right now. Bob tool her back into the bedroom and began a slow process of kissing and caressing his helpless wife. As she leaned into him, he grabbed her ass with both hands as he nibbled the side of neck. To Jane's surprise, she found herself getting aroused again very quickly. Bob's attention was right on the money, firm and commanding, but also gentle and caring. He licked her earlobes just the way she liked, caressed the back of her knee where it got very sensitive, and ran his fingers in small circles on the small of her back.

Bob took her to the bed and laid kisses all over her. He kissed her legs starting at the ankles and working up the fishnet clad legs to her naked inner thighs. He kissed her stomach, her back and every inch of her breasts, not just focusing on her nipples like some guys do. He awakened every inch of her skin with his touch. Until finally, he pulled of her panties and began paying attention to her center of pleasure.

Bob was hard as a rock now, and he had to control himself to go slowly. He got on top of his lovely wife and took one leg in each hand. He raised her legs up so that he was cradling the back if her knees in the crook of his elbows. He entered her slowly, first teasing with just the tip and then driving steadily in. Jane let out a long sigh as he did, and he knew she was loving it. He started his strokes long and slow, trying to extend the pleasure for both of them. Slowly he built up speed with an extreme test of will. Every fiber of his being wanted to go full speed NOW. He looked down at his wife and her eyes were closed, her head turned to one side and her breathing shallow. He wasn't sure, but he suspected she was trying to fight the building orgasm to win their bet.

Bob wasn't going to give her the chance. He let go of her left leg and reached over for her favorite bullet vibe with the rabbit sleeve. He carefully placed it so that it would stimulate her clit the way she liked it. Then he picked up her left leg again and pinned the vibe between them. He changed to a shorter, quick stroke and let the vibe work. In short order, Jane was in ecstasy and crying out “oh, yes, please, oh god!” It took only another two minutes before Jane exploded in orgasm. Her muscles clenched around his erection and Bob couldn't hold out and came hard within her.

They collapsed next to each other on the bed and it was ten minutes before either could speak. Finally it was Jane who spoke first. “So, are you going to try for three?”

Let me know what you think. There are plenty more games where these came from.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=4841.0)
