---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Stocks & Bonds
authors:
- Gowenlock
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- stocks
- M-f
- oral
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2004-11-22 00:00:00
---

We live right next to a golf course, and my husband George is an avid
golfer, to the point where he owns his own golf cart, and he can take the
cart directly over to the clubhouse at tee time.

I don’t like to play golf.  I tried it a few times but I am not
very good at it, and it just doesn’t excite me.

So while my husband plays golf I play with self-bondage.  He is
usually gone for several hours, which is just about the right length of
time for me to be ready to be released when he returns.  He always
takes advantage of whatever situation I have gotten myself into and makes
me suck him or otherwise service him before he releases me, and so we both
enjoy my self-bondage.

And I enjoy being tied up hand and foot.  I like having someone
else make my sexual decisions for me (preferably my husband, but never
say “always or never”).  When I was a kid playing “Cowboys and Indians”
with the other kids, I was always the one that wound up being tied to a
tree and being groped by the boys.  The “Story of O” is one of my
favorite books, and we own a hard bound copy that sits on our coffee table.

On the internet we found a company that manufacturers bondage furniture,
and we ordered a set of stocks.  They were advertised as being able
to fold down for easy storage.  We ordered them on a weekend, and
UPS delivered them in mid-week.  We were both busy and not in the
mood for assembly work, and so we just slid the shipping carton containing
the stocks into the spare bedroom to wait for Saturday.

Saturday my husband had a 9:00 A.M. tee time, so he headed out with
his cart and his clubs.  I ate a light breakfast and showered, and
then opened the carton and pulled out the stocks.  There were directions,
and “some assembly required”, but in a short time I had them set up and
ready, and so I couldn’t wait to try them out.

They were extremely well made (also expensive).  The wood surfaces
were smoothly finished and polished, the hardware was custom fitted, and
the yoke where the prisoner’s neck goes was padded so that there would
be no marks on the skin.  When assembled, the stocks stood about 4’
high, and were 4’ wide and 4’ deep.  They were also “bomb-proof”,
meaning they were extremely solid.  Once I was locked in these stocks,
escape would be out of the question!

It was time for a “test drive”, so to speak.  I stripped out of
my clothes, and folded them neatly on the dresser.  I tested the keys
to be sure that the various locks actually worked correctly (they did),
and then placed the keys on the dresser with my clothes.  Just for
fun, I placed a mirror against the wall in front of the stocks so that
I would be able to see myself when I was imprisoned.  From our own
collection of bondage stuff, I buckled on leather ankle cuffs on my ankles. 
They have a “D” ring attached, and they are more comfortable than steel
cuffs.  I also placed a ball gag with a leather strap in my mouth
and buckled it extra tightly to make it secure.

The stocks have a 6” high block on each side for the prisoner to stand
on, separated by about a yard.  I stepped up on each block and locked
the “D” ring from each of my ankle cuffs to the screw eye in the post on
each side of the frame of the stocks.  My ankles were now spread apart
by a yard, and the elevated step would place my rectum and vagina at just
the right height for “you know who” when he returned from his golf game.

I was already wet and horny by this time and I took a minute to rub
myself almost to orgasm but I knew that I had to move on.

I bent forward at the waist and placed my neck in the padded semi-circular
yoke in the bottom half of the stocks.  I arranged my hair to hang
mostly to one side and not get caught in anything.  The top half of
the stocks was hinged on one end and was equipped with a locking hasp on
the other end.  This was the moment of truth!  Once I locked
the hasp closed with my neck in the yoke I would be a prisoner until someone
came to release me.  “In for a penny, in for a pound”, I said to myself. 
Taking a deep breath, I lowered the top half of the stocks into place and
reached around and snapped the lock closed on the locking hasp.

I had now passed the point of no return.  I was locked up, a prisoner
of the stocks!  I could see myself in the mirror against the wall. 
I was bent forward, with my face at about 30” above the floor.  My
hair hung down the front of the stocks and drool was already dripping from
my gag.  Because of the solid construction of the stocks, I could
no longer see behind me, and in the mirror I appeared as a disembodied
head protruding from the wood surface.

My hands were still free.  The designer of the stocks (probably
a college educated engineer) had placed metal handles at either end of
the lower half of the stocks that were intended to serve as locking wrist
restraints.  (About a yard apart)  That is, they were hinged
on the upper end and locked on the lower end.  They were equipped
with a spring device and were self-locking so that when a prisoner’s wrist
was placed within them they would snap shut and lock.  I placed my
right wrist within the right locking handle and it snapped shut and locked
with a satisfying “click”.  I placed my left wrist within the left
locking handle and it too snapped shut and locked, and I was now secured.

I took stock of my situation (no pun intended).  My legs were spread
and I was bent over at the waist.  My awkward position caused my breasts
to hang down like fruits.  I could only see my reflection in the mirror
– anything that went on behind me was out of my sight.  I could not
reach my tits or my pussy with my hands, and so orgasm was out of reach,
at least for now.

And I was horny!  My body ached for satisfaction!  I squirmed
and twisted but I could not even bring my knees together.  Bending
my knees lowered my ass toward the floor and opened my inner thighs even
wider but offered no relief.

I daydreamed about sex.  My vagina was soaking and hot as a fire. 
When my husband came home and found me naked in this predicament, would
he screw me and then force me to lick his dick?  Yeah, guys are like
that.  Would he screw my ass and then force me to lick his dick? 
Yuk!  Would he spank me or whip me?  We usually are not into
real pain but my upturned ass would certainly offer an inviting target,
and I would not be able to even see the blows coming!

What if he brought home his golfing buddies?  I could only imagine
what a sight my widespread thighs presented from the rear!

There was no way to measure the passage of time.  My only horizon
was my own reflection in the mirror, and I looked to myself like a disembodied
head.  The stocks were not painful but were not exactly relaxing either. 
My mind drifted off in a daydream of sex and bondage and lust.  I
tried to hump the air but the only movement I could make was bending my
knees and that accomplished very little.  When I bent my knees my
vagina yawned wide.  I made faces at myself in the mirror.  A
wet spot of drool accumulated on the rug below my face.  I chewed
on the gag strap to lessen the strain on my jaws but it was no real relief.

Suddenly I became aware that somebody was behind me in the room. 
Whoever it was had entered the house quietly and was moving without noise,
but I could smell after-shave lotion.  I “umphed” into the gag but
received no response.  I hoped it was my husband, but the aftershave
was a popular type that any man might wear.

My unknown visitor stroked my buttocks and the insides of my thighs. 
He rubbed my groin and his fingers invaded my vagina.  I “umphed”
and moaned in pleasure and lust, and humped against his (or her) hand. 
My passion rose, but just before I reached orgasm my unknown tormentor
withdrew his hand.  I groaned through the gag in frustration, and
bent my knees and humped the air – alas, without result.

My unknown visitor turned his attention to my breasts, hanging like
twin fruits, and occupied himself with pinching my nipples.  I shivered
in a combination of pain and pleasure.  He rubbed my shoulder blades,
and I purred like a kitten.

After a few minutes of playing like this, I heard sounds that sounded
like a man disrobing.  Behind me, I heard a man’s trousers and belt
hit the floor, and shoes being dropped.  Then a rigid cock grazed
my buttocks.  I tried to move to accommodate my visitor but could
only wiggle and probably look foolish.

A lubricated thumb suddenly pierced my rectum, and fingers entered my
vagina again.  I felt like a glove that was being worn, or a bowling
ball with holes.  The sensations were strong – both of my cavities
were penetrated simultaneously, and I humped and “umphed” and drooled vigorously. 
Alas, once again, just before I came, he withdrew, and I groaned in frustration.

Then a couple of minutes of silence and inactivity passed.  Since
I could not see behind my stocks, I could only guess what was happening. 
I listened carefully for any clue, and then for a brief second I heard
what sounded like a beach towel being rolled up to be used as a spanking
tool.

“Bzzz” – there was the sound of a beach towel cutting through the air
and a feeling like a hot poker when the tip of the towel hit my right buttock. 
I screamed into my gag and tried to twist my buns out of reach but the
pitiless way in which I was bound allowed me only a few inches of movement. 
My ass must have made an inviting target.  A few seconds later I heard
the sound of the beach towel again and the tip burned into my left buttock. 
I bent my knees and lowered my ass, which probably made my vagina yawn
like a chasm.  My unknown tormentor lowered his aim and the towel
snapped up, stinging my most private parts.

The blows from the towel stopped and a moment later I was receiving
a soothing butt rub.  My captor used some lotion and massaged my burning
buns.  After a few minutes, his fingers again invaded my vagina and
I moaned and humped happily against his hand.  Again he withdrew his
hand just before I came, and I grumbled against my gag in frustration.

Then he slid his dick into me.  Lord, it felt good!  Big and
hard in my wet cave – at first I thought it would split me in two, and
it filled stretched the entire cavity.  He put his hands on my shoulders
and shoved with enthusiasm, and it felt great!  This time I came almost
immediately and it rocked my soul!  My orgasm came from the tips of
my toes and felt like it would blow my head off.  I squirmed and convulsed
and flew to the moon and back.

But my master/captor/attacker did not come.  Instead he withdrew
and walked around to the front of the stocks where I could see him. 
It was my husband George, and he was grinning like a Cheshire cat. 
He unbuckled and removed my gag, and I worked my jaws to relieve the fatigue.

George wanted oral sex.  He presented his dick to me (still wet
from the juices of my vagina) and I swallowed it and sucked it with vigor. 
He grabbed a handful of my hair with one hand and pushed on the back of
my head with the other hand.  His wet dick slid down my throat until
my nose was buried in pubic hair.  He withdrew occasionally to give
me a chance to breathe, and then plunged deeply down my throat.

I can tell when he is about to come.  A muscle in his dick gets
hard, and it tells me he has gone over the edge.  He came with his
dick deep in my throat, and his semen squirted hot down my throat. 
I swallowed it all (when you are tied hand and foot you don’t have a lot
of choice).  Long threads of semen lingered in my mouth.  I tried
to breathe it all down and not let any fall (we already have too many stains
on the carpet).  As his dick started to soften and shrivel, I sucked
on it delicately and teased him with my tongue on the sensitive underside
of the head.

George staggered and almost fainted.  He shivered with the fading
lust, and smirked at me in satisfaction.  He stepped out of my line
of sight, and I heard sounds like he was collecting his clothes. 
He must have gone to take a shower, leaving me with wetness dripping from
my lips and my vagina.

Left alone, I daydreamed about more sex.  I had no way to measure
the passage of time, but at some time George came back into the room and
fucked my vagina again.  Since we had both had a great orgasm, the
pressure was off and our coupling this time was more deliberate and more
enduring.  We both orgasmed simultaneously this time, and he tormented
me one last time by fingering my rectum after he withdrew.

Stepping back into my line of vision, he unlocked my wrists and then
handed me the key that would unlock the stocks holding my neck.  I
gratefully pulled out of my imprisonment and stretched my cramping muscles. 
Unlocking my ankles, I stepped down and we embraced lovingly.

A hot shower and a good sleep followed.  The next time we use the
stocks George will be locked up and I will be the Master!
