---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/tg/storieslr/a_new_spin_on_roleplaying_games.html
subcategory: Transformation
title: A New Spin on Role Playing Games
authors:
- Shawna Summers
tags:
- M+/t
- M2f
- cd
- costume
- oral
- anal
- group
- bond
- corset
- rope
- blindfold
- spank
- cons
- X
date: 2024-07-27 00:00:00
---

I've always been something of a geek. I love sci-fi and fantasy books and movies; I can recite countless bits of useless trivia back to you about all kinds of movies. So, it was no real surprise that I took to role-playing games, or RPGs, as we like to call them. You know the kinds, Dungeons and Whatnots, all that kind of Tolkien-esque stuff. I had a couple of groups that I gamed with in high school, and it was fun, but it was never anything too serious or crazy. No, that waited until I got to college.

It took a little while to find out that there were other gamers at school. I think most of us had learned to hide being an RPG geek since that was usually a pretty good way to kill any chance of getting a girlfriend, or at least limit your hooking up options. But there were several groups, and I made my way around to them, trying to find a group I liked. I just never seemed to gel properly with any of the groups, but I did have some fun gaming sessions, and even made a couple friends. In fact, it was one of these friends, Roy, who first alerted me to some of the gaming groups that were off-campus. Since we were at a big state school, it was a pretty heavy party school, and big on athletics. So a lot of the hardcore nerds stuck to being off campus.

I found there were a number of groups that were associated with the big hobby shop right at the edge of town. The big problem was that they tended to be very private, and didn't really like taking on fresh blood. Roy suggested trying out LARPing, to see if that could help me work into some of the private groups.

"What the hell is a LARP?" I asked, Roy thinking he was messing with me.

"Live Action Role Playing," he responded matter of factly. "It's playing out some of the RPGs, but in real time, and with our actual selves as the characters."

"Live action? Seriously?" I shook my head. "Gaming isn't nerdy enough, we had to find a way to make it worse?"

Roy laughed, "You'd be surprised, it's usually a lot of fun, and most of the private groups like to join in, so maybe it would be a way to work your way into one of those groups."

"I guess I could at least come check it out, and if I don't like it, I can always just bail," I reasoned.

So, I showed up to check out the next time they LARPed, and it was about as stupid as it sounds. Everyone showed up in old robes, pointy hats, cardboard armor that had been painted gray and they all had cardboard swords and axes. They all seemed to have a pretty good time, though after a while it was hard to tell who the good guys were and who the bad guys were. It seemed to degenerate into total chaos toward the end. Afterwards, one of the guys who organized the things, Greg, talked with me about it. He told me that they had a couple different scenarios they would play out in a session. Today's was known as "Battlefield", but they also had actual missions they'd play, too. There was one called "Buried Treasure", where one team hid a treasure, then gave the other team a map, and they had to find it. There was also "Capture" which was basically capture the flag, but done in swords and sorcerers' style, instead of with paintballs. By far, the favorite was "Rescue", where the bad guys would "capture" a girl, or a maiden, as the case might be, and the good guys would have to find her and battle the bad guys to rescue her.

The only problem was, no one wanted to play the maiden, since they all wanted to be in the game. Greg explained to me, "So, we rotate the duty around, so no one person has to do it every time. I just want to warn you, if you're interested in playing, you'll probably get the duty as maiden, since it always falls to the newbies first."

Outwardly, I hoped I looked calm and normal, because inwardly, I was turning cartwheels. You see, hiding who I am as a geek has never been hard, I've been doing it for years, because I'm also a closet crossdresser. So, to have the chance to dress and be out and about doing it was a thrill. My only major concern was that I usually get pretty turned on when I dress, so I'd have to figure out some way to hide that. I briefly wondered if it would be weird if I volunteered to be the maiden EVERY TIME?!

"Okay, yeah I get it, that's fine, I mean everybody has to go, right?" I tried to sound nonchalant, but hoped my excitement wasn't creeping in.

As it turned out, the games were decided exactly the way you'd expect, by rolling the dice. There were several scenarios, so to make sure it was fair, they rolled the dice to pick the next session. The next scene was for Battlefield, which was good, since I'd already seen that. So, I came out the next time, decked out in my cardboard armor. I do have to admit, I felt pretty stupid in the armor, but then it occurred to me, I'd probably feel weirder if I were dressed as a damsel in distress. So, I figured the armor would let me get over looking silly in public to start. It was fun, it was kind of stupid, but it was fun. Oddly, I was a little disappointed that the next was Capture, but I just settled in and enjoyed the gaming. The next time they rolled it came up as Rescue. I was thrilled, but I still tried to play it off, I didn't want to look too excited.

Greg came up afterwards, "So, you heard it was Rescue?"

I nodded, "Yup, I heard."

"So, you're still cool with being the damsel?" he sounded a bit worried.

"Yeah, no it's cool, I'll still do it," I went along.

"Okay, great. Let me introduce you to Henry. Henry has a bunch of sisters, so they have a bunch of clothes we can use pretty much as much as we want," Greg explained.

Turned out Henry's four sisters had a whole attic full of clothes, and since only one of them still lived at the house, they generally didn't care what happened to them. "They all went through a variety of looks over the years, so we can generally get something that'll fit most of the 'damsels' and still have a princess or something similar look. There are also old Halloween costumes and such, so we can get whatever. Stop by my house at noon."

"Why so early? The session doesn't start until 3?" I asked.

"True, but we'll have to find something that fits you, get you make-up, and find a wig, all that stuff,” Henry noted.

"There's going to be all that?" I wondered, getting even more excited, but still trying to cover.

"Don't worry my sister will help you get everything. She complains about it, but I think she kinda likes it.”

I found myself that night sitting in my room, wearing what little feminine clothing I had of my own, wondering what they'd have for me to wear. I lounged in my thong, bra, stockings and my 3" pumps, hoping there'd be some stockings and maybe some nice panties. Some heels would be lovely. I wasn't sure if I wanted it to be long and feminine and pretty, or if I'd rather go with short, sassy and sexy. Either way, I was sure I was going to enjoy every minute of it. I rubbed my clitty through my panties and pulled out my favorite toy, a nice thick 8" long dildo. I used my tongue all over that pretend cock, imagining it was my heroic prince who had rescued me and was now receiving his just rewards. As I lubed my lover up, I continued toying with myself, sliding the phallus deep into my ass, moaning softly, wanting to be taken and used. As I fucked my hole, I stroked my clitty in time until I shot a powerful load, moaning and groaning as I slowly milked my lover with my ass. I couldn't wait until the next session.

So, around noon the day of the next LARP, I found myself outside Henry's house, my heart beating a mile a minute as I rang the bell. Henry was eating a sandwich as he came to the door. "Hey, come on in. You want something to eat?"

"No, thanks," I replied, "I already ate before I came over." That was technically true, but I was so nervous and excited, I just ate some light snacks. I didn't want to throw up. That wouldn't be very lady-like, now would it?

"Okay, well let me go get Nora, she'll show you where everything is," he led me up the stairs. He yelled for his sister, "Nora?"

"Yeah, is lunch ready?" she popped her head over the banister. "Oh, hey sorry." She smiled down at me. "Oh, is this…" she trailed off.

"The next damsel, yeah," Henry smiled and shook his head. "I'll bring your lunch up, while you show him around."

"Sure thing, come on up," she waved to me. I tried not to run as I went up the steps. She gave a long look up and down as I stood in front of her. "Well, Henry didn't mention that you're cute, so that'll be a nice change. Some of the guys they've had, just ugh. So, you're also a good size, of course, we've got a lot of clothes. Part of the reason Henry always volunteers our attic for this stuff. How tall are you?"

"Uh, about 5' 6", or so", the question took me a bit by surprise.

"And what do you weigh, about 125?" I nodded as an answer. "Great, let's go see what we can find." She turned and headed through a doorway and up a small flight of curving stairs. "Watch your step," she called down.

I could see why, the steps were really narrow. We came up into the attic, and she wasn't kidding. They had a ton of clothes up here. Some were on hangers and racks, some were in piles and bags. There were shoes and skirts and blouses and dresses all over the place. I had died and gone to crossdresser heaven!

"Don't mind the mess," she laughed. "I guess this is the other reason we get picked for this. We've got enough clothes to cover a small army. So, anything in particular you want to wear?"

I shrugged, "I wouldn't even know where to start."

"I think I do," she mused, then dug into a pile of clothes. She pointed to a small chest, "Look in there and see if you can find some stockings."

I turned a little hesitantly and opened the trunk. There were a ton of clothes in here, mostly panties and stockings. I dug around until I found two stockings that were a match. "How about these?"

"Those should work," she held up a red number with a lot of laces. "And I think this will work perfectly."

"What is that?" I asked.

"A corset," she replied, still looking around through the piles. "I think I have a great idea for you. Oh, go ahead and get undressed." She continued digging around in the clothes.

"Right here?" I asked.

"Sure, why not? You shy?" She raised an eyebrow at me.

I blushed a bit, though I'm not sure why, "No, I just didn't want you to…"

"Don't worry about me, I like the challenge of trying to pretty you boys up. You should be even more fun. I think you'll be surprised how it works out," she sounded pretty sure of herself.

I nodded absentmindedly as I took off my shirt and slipped off my shoes and jeans. I stood in my underwear and wondered if I was supposed to go all the way. I figured in for a penny… I pulled a nice pair of panties out of the chest, they looked a little small. I grabbed another pair, but these didn't look quite right.

"Go for the red pair off to the side," Nora said without really looking.

I grabbed them and pulled them on. Wow! They were awesome. It's a good thing I was pretty nervous, or I probably would have put a tent in them right away. As it was I decided to tuck my clitty down before it really gave me away.

"Go ahead and put the stockings on," Nora said briefly, glancing at me. I rolled them up into little balls to get started. "First, you roll them up into little balls and, oh…" she saw I was already pulling them up my legs. "I guess you already know that, here's a garter belt to hold them up." She tossed another red number to me. I wrapped the garter belt around my waist. She came over and showed me how to hook the garter tabs to the stocking tops. "And make sure you put the tabs under your panties, otherwise you have to undo everything if you need to go to the bathroom… or anything."

I nodded as I hooked on the tabs to the stocking tops. Yup, it was a good thing I tucked, or I'd be starting to rise up now. I was already getting uncomfortable, mostly because of being tucked away and my clitty trying to rise up. Nora had me stand and she wrapped the corset around my waist, she tightened it a bit then started pulling on the laces. "Whoa!" I gasped as the sides squished me in.

"Don't worry, I won't tighten it too much. We still want you to be able to breathe," she stated. "At least for now." She yanked on the laces a bit more and tightened them off.

"Now these will help give you a little more… definition," she pushed two flesh colored objects into the front cups of the corset.

"What are those?" I asked, still a little out of breath.

"Those are falsies, they'll make it look like you've got boobs," she stated simply.

"I'm not sure that's really necessary, and why do you have those anyway?" I wondered aloud.

"Some of my sisters would go for the giant boob look for Halloween. I have no idea why," she shook her head. She handed a black skirt over to me. I pulled it up while she kept digging around. The skirt was about mid-thigh, a nice length, but still showed some leg. It was a bit flouncy, almost like a schoolgirl type skirt.

"Now, since you're mostly going to be in the woods and whatnot, we don't really want spike heels, so we have some nice wedges, that should still give it a nice look, but not have you sinking into the ground each step," she explained. "And the topper," she said, picking up a long flowing blonde wig, "you get to be a blonde!"

I was giddy inside, but I still wanted to keep up my front, "Look, I don't know that all this…"

She pulled the wig down over my head and began settling it in. She pulled out a hairbrush and brushed it out a bit. As she did, she leaned down close to me, "You can stop pretending, I know you're enjoying this, so just enjoy it. It doesn't bother me, and you don't have to try and be all macho on my account." She went back to brushing out the wig.

"Is it that obvious?" I asked hesitantly.

"Well, the tent pole in your panties is a good giveaway, but also, most of the guys keep their boxers on. You went right for the panties without being told, so I took that as a sign. Plus you knew right away what to do with the stockings. Do you shave? You have almost no body hair," she finished with the wig.

"A little, but not much, I just mostly have really fine hair," I admitted.

"Well, you're lucky, shaving and waxing all the time gets to be a pain in the ass, literally sometimes," she laughed. Then she handed me a pair of black, wedge sandals. "Put these on while I get some make-up. Since it's out in the woods, we don't need a lot, just some basics, but we still want you to look nice."

"Hey Nora, your sandwich is ready!" Henry called from the hallway.

"Be right back," she smiled and headed out.

I seriously considered jerking off real quick, but I wasn't sure how long I had, and I didn't want to get caught. Also, I briefly wondered where I could finish off without leaving a mess. Visions of "There's Something About Mary" went through my head. I laughed and put the sandals on. They were a middle heel, probably around 4 inches, but still a bit higher than mine were. I stood and tried, and was able to balance pretty well. The wedges did give more support than my stilettos.

Nora returned a few moments later carrying a small case and a plate with a sandwich. "No problems then?" she asked coyly.

I shook my head and took a few steps to demonstrate. She stepped closer, "You have done this before, haven't you?"

I just smiled and shrugged and let that be my answer. She shook her head and pulled out some make-up from her kit. She put some foundation, powder, eye shadow, mascara and to top it off, bright red lipstick. "I thought you were doing some light make-up?"

"This is light, believe me, if I go heavy you'll have painted nails to match!" she grinned.

"Well, in for a penny…" I smiled.

She raised an eyebrow, I just shrugged. "Okay, you asked for it," she pulled out some nail polish in bright red and showed me how to put it on the first nail, then had me practice on a few. "Okay, let that one dry and I'll get the other." She finished painting the nails, then ate her sandwich while she worked on my face a little more. Once she was done, she smiled and looked me up and down. "One last touch," then she went to a jewelry case and came back with a gold necklace and bracelet. She put them on me and looked quite pleased. "Want to see?" she asked.

I nodded, afraid to speak. We went over to the mirror and I looked pretty good. Not beautiful, but cute and sexy. Maybe a little overdone, but I was in costume after all! With the corset and the stockings and skirt, I looked a bit like a serving wench or something like that. I was shocked though, I did make a pretty hot girl. "Wow," was the only thing I could come up with.

"Yeah, I outdid myself this time," she grinned. "They're not gonna know what to do with you!"

Nora went down the stairs and called for Henry. I came down the steps and made my grand entrance. Henry looked a little confused at first. "Wait, where's… holy shit, really?" Nora just smiled and nodded, obviously quite pleased with herself. Henry just shook his head, "You almost ready to go then?" he asked.

"I guess so," I shrugged. "A little late to back out now."

So, we headed down to the area where the LARP was taking place. As I got out of the car, I could feel all the eyes turn towards me. There were a lot of whispers and I started to get a bit nervous. Then there were a few catcalls and a couple of wolf whistles. That actually helped me settle down. They weren't getting mad, I think they were just confused. Greg even came up, "Henry, I didn't know you got a girlfriend!"

"Hardee-fucking-har-har," Henry deadpanned.

"Seriously though, you look… good," Greg said to me. "Certainly the best looking damsel we've ever had. Your sister is getting good."

"Don't tell her that, she's already super proud of herself this time," Henry stated.

Greg laughed, then added, "I can see why," giving me an appraising look. I'm not sure why but I got a little twinge from that and felt my clitty trying to rise up again. I was already starting to get turned on from being dressed, and being found so sexy was just upping that.

Greg then called the group together, went over the rules and then divided up the teams. I was given over to Scott, who was the evil wizard, and would be leading the team that was holding me captive. We all headed off to plan strategy and get set-up. Scott spent several minutes getting everyone their jobs and then we headed off with a small group to the lair. As we walked, Scott started in on some conversation with me. "So, you're still pretty new to the group, huh?"

"Yeah," I replied, "I've just been to a couple sessions."

"They usually rope the newbies in to be the next damsel, though I do have to say, you're the best looking one we've ever had."

"Thanks, I guess," still trying to sound unexcited. I briefly wondered if anyone was buying it.

"So, here I'll have to blindfold you," Scott stated like it was nothing.

I stopped, "Wait, what? Why?"

"Well, we can't have you giving away our position to the enemy now can we?" he stated, his voice taking on a slight inflection. He sounded like he was getting into character.

"It's fine, I won't say anything. I don't even know where we are," I was a little scared.

"Of course, I'll just trust you," he sneered evilly. "I don't think so." He pulled my hands behind my back and then tied them together quickly. I was so shocked I didn't even think to fight back until he was slipping a blindfold on me.

"Really, look, this isn't…" I started, but he cut me off.

"Oh, but it is, my dear," he whispered in my ear, "Now quiet, or I'll have to gag you, too. In fact, I might anyway," he laughed evilly.

I wasn't sure what to do now, but I figured I'd just play along for now, trying to stagger my way through the woods with my hands tied and with a blindfold on was a little scary, yet I was also getting excited again. Thankfully I was tucked extra well, otherwise I would have a rather un-ladylike bulge!

As we went down one hill, Scott took hold of my arm to help support me. I was glad for it, the heels weren't bad, but all combined made it tough going. I was almost at the bottom, when my foot slipped and I staggered. Scott caught my arm and I swung into him. As he steadied me, I realized my crotch was pushed right up against his leg. Worried he could feel my rock hard cock, I quickly stood up and regained my balance. "Careful, pet," he whispered in my ear again, "wouldn't want anything bad happening to you… at least not yet." I shivered briefly, wondering what that meant.

A few minutes later I figured we'd arrived at the destination, because he told me to stop. I stopped, trying to listen. It was pretty quiet, but I could hear a number of feet around. Scott gave out several orders telling people to go here and go there, set-up this and that. I didn't follow most of it, but I figured we were getting ready to start. He walked back over to me and I was about to ask him a question, but when I opened my mouth, I felt something pushed in and secured behind my head, under my long, blonde hair. I made a mmpph noise and felt the gag with my tongue. I felt something rubbery. This wasn't just a scarf, if I had to guess, I figured it was a ball gag. That both scared me and turned me on more.

Scott was now behind me, holding onto my shoulder and whispering in my ear. "So, we're all alone now. Just the two of us," he sneered. "So, what should we talk about? Hmmmm?" He pressed himself up against me and I could his body warm against mine, his cock hard and pressing against my ass. I squirmed and tried to pull away, pushing at him with my tied hands. He laughed more, "Oh? Being shy are you? No, matter," he stated, "I know your secret." What was he talking about?

With that he lifted up my skirt and I felt him lightly rub on my panties. My rock hard clitty gave me away. I throbbed as he did that, moaning into the gag. "Oh, so the slut does like it? Hmmm?" he laughed evilly. "So, the question is, is it just being dressed like a girl? Is it the rough treatment? Maybe the bondage?" he whispered in my ear, lightly teasing me through my panties. I was so horny, that I couldn't think straight. His teasing was throwing me into a tizzy. "So, which is it?" he asked. "Or is it all three?" He teased again. "Answer me," he said forcefully. "Is it all three?"

I nodded very slightly, and he started rubbing lightly again. I moaned and started trying to grind myself onto his hand. "Is the little slut horny?" he asked. After a few moments of no response, he teased some more, "Is she?" I nodded again. "Good," he chuckled, pushing himself against me again, "because so am I, and since you like the rough handling, I'm going to guess you like this…" he trailed off and his hand smacked my ass.

I felt a strange surge, my whole body on fire for a moment, heat flashed to my ass, but that only made me hornier. "You do like that," he smacked me a few more times. I was getting desperate and was trying to dry hump his hand. "Such a nasty little slut, trying to get herself off. And look at the wet spots you're getting all over your panties. I've seen real girls that don't get this wet," he teased. Even the name calling was making me horny, I was so turned on my head was starting to spin.

"So, here's the deal bitch," he growled, smacking my ass again for emphasis. "I'm going to take out your gag and my cock, and you're going to take care of me and I'll let your little cockette out. Deal?" I tensed, as his fingers slowly traced over the outline of my tucked bulge, which was painfully swollen, but still firmly trapped. I tried to push against him and get more contact, but he smacked my ass and pulled his hand away. "Ah-ah, I already told you the deal. Agreed?" I moaned through the gag, but then I nodded. What the hell, right? I had always fantasized about sucking a cock, I just thought it would be after a date or a bottle of wine, not in the woods with me tied up, but somehow that made it even more thrilling.

"Good little sissy slut," he purred and undid the gag, pushing me down to my knees. As he did, I felt his hand go away, but when it came back, something warm and soft, yet surprisingly hard pushed against my mouth. I stuck out my tongue, licking around the head, and running my tongue up and down the shaft. I figured in for a penny… if I was going to give a blow-job, I might as well make it good. So, I teased and licked with my tongue, covering the whole shaft with saliva, even licking and sucking on his balls for a few moments. He was moaning and making lots of encouraging noises, and calling me a cock sucking sissy slut, which I guess I now was.

I felt his hand on my head and he guided his cockhead to my mouth, apparently he was tired of the appetizer and wanted the main course. He put his cock into my mouth and shoved deep, hitting the back of my throat and making me gag hard. That just seemed to spur him on, "Gag on it, you sissy cock whore," both of which had my cock throbbing in my panties. He shoved in a few more times, and the gagging lessened, until he slipped into my throat on one shove and his hands pushed on the back of my head, forcing him all the way down my throat. I was now being face fucked… and loving it. My panties were absolutely soaked with my pre-cum. I hadn't been this turned on since, well pretty much ever. My focus now became on trying to breathe when I could get air around the dick being pounded into my mouth. I started running my tongue along the bottom and milking him with my throat, anything I could think of to try and speed him up.

It must have worked because the names were pouring steadily out of him and he was pounding my face hard until he finally drove deep and moaned loudly. Groaning and bucking his hips as he milked his cum out and down my throat. He pulled back in time to smear one last bit along my nose, which somehow made me feel even sluttier. I gasped for air briefly, hearing him panting. "Damn sissy, you really are a horny cock slut, aren't you?"

I nodded and stretched my mouth, trying to get my jaw working again. I heard him start to walk away, "Wait!" I hissed as loud as I dared, trying to look around in spite of the blindfold.

 "Are you talking again?" he asked, and came back over. I felt him grab at my neck and realized he was putting the gag back in. "No, wait, you said mpphh," I grunted as the rubber ball filled my mouth.

"Don't worry slut, you'll be taken care of," with that, he reached down and hiked my skirt. I moaned as my panties were pulled down and my cock sprang to full attention. Then I felt him pull the panties back up. After a moment, nothing more came. I made a noise and tried to reach out as best I could from my knees. "What now slut?" he asked.

I made another noise and thrust my hips. "What? Did you think you were getting something?" he laughed. “I just told you, I'd let your cockette out. Which I did. Make sure you know all the terms before you agree to a deal," he chuckled evilly.

I moaned in frustration. "Oh, did you want something else, my little cock sucking sissy slut?" I nodded and groaned briefly. "Oh, did you want to cum?" I nodded my head.

"Poor little whore, all that cock make you horny?" I nodded slightly. "So, you want to get off, huh? Well, it will cost you again," he chuckled.

My mind ran away with me, but I was pretty sure I knew what he was going to want. I heard him stalk around behind me and he leaned in again, "If you really want to cum…," he trailed off, waiting. I nodded and grunted, "Then you're gonna let me fuck you in the ass, in fact, you're going to beg for it." I groaned since I was right. While, I wanted to be fucked, hell I'd just done myself with my vibrator last night, I wasn't sure I liked how this was spiraling down. Of course, I was so horny, I couldn't think straight, so I was going to do what it took to get off. I nodded, making a noise behind the gag.

Scott undid the gag from my mouth, and I started begging for it as soon as the ball cleared my mouth, "Oh God, please fuck me, please take my ass, fill me with your cock, I want to cum so bad," I went on and on.

"You can do better than that," he stated. "What are you?"

"I'm a cock-sucking sissy slut, soon to be an ass-fucked cock-sucking sissy slut," I rambled.

"And what will you do to get off, bitch?"

"Oh my, anything," I moaned.

"Anything?" he asked. "Are you sure about anything? That's a lot to offer up."

"Yes, please. Anything, I just want to cum," I begged.

"Remember that, slut, you just said, anything," he growled in my ear. I wasn't sure what that meant, so instead I tried to figure if I could get some friction on my cock by rubbing on something.

"Ah-ah," he admonished. "No getting off early," he pulled my bound hands up behind me. I felt him doing something, then a moment later my arms were pulled up high over my back, forcing me to bend over, but I couldn't pull down without pulling hard on my arms.

"Oh, that hurts," I moaned. I felt a sharp smack on my ass.

"Try to get off before you're allowed, and you'll get worse than that. Now, tell me more about what a little sissy cock whore you are," Scott rubbed his hands along my ass, teasing my hole.

I went all out, begging for his cock, calling myself all sorts of terrible names and generally acting like a bitch in heat. It must have worked, because after a moment, Scott pushed one of his fingers into me. I moaned and pushed back. I was so worked up I wanted anything to relieve the pressure at this point. He fingered me for a few minutes, then worked in another one, smacking my ass now and then. By the time he pulled his fingers out, I was begging for him to fuck me hard and deep. He obliged and shoved his cock all the way in on one thrust. I moaned and ground back, trying to get enough sensation to cum. "Oh yeah, you like that? You are a horny little slut, aren't you?" He reached down and teased my cock in my panties, just a light brush, but I started pushing back more. He pulled out most of the way, then slammed back in, to the hilt, making me grunt, then moan. I couldn't even form words, I just wanted to get off and I didn't care what it took to get there. I just let out a series of grunts and moans as he found a nice rhythm and started fucking me nice and steady, picking up the pace as he went, reaching down to tease my cock in my panties now and then.

He started picking up his pace, grunting as his hips smacked into my ass. He reached down and grabbed my cock, stroking a few times, "So, what will you do to cum?" he asked.

"Oh my, anything! Anything! Just please let me cum, I'm so fucking horny," I groaned.

"Anything? You know what I want," he picked up his pace, slamming into me harder, and driving deep. "I want you to be our little sissy slut whore at every event," he loosened his grip. I tried to hump his hand, but he pulled away and started fucking me deep and hard. "What do you say?" he teased my cock again.

I moaned as his cock slid in and out me, rubbing my prostate, feeling horny beyond all belief. I tried to reason out what he was asking, but I was lust-crazed and just agreed. "Yes, oh God, yes!"

"Yes, what?" he asked lightly, stroking my cock as he hammered into me.

"Yes, I'll be your sissy slut whore!" I hissed.

He stroked more, "And will you be our little ass-fucking, cock-sucking bondage slut every time?"

"Yes! Please…" I begged, almost in tears.

"Yes, what, slut? I want you to say it," he growled.

"Yes, I'll be your little cock-sucking ass-fucking bondage slut sissy whore cum dump every time!" I moaned as he started stroking faster and he started fucking me faster, too. I was so built up, it didn't take long, and I started moaning as he jacked me in my panties, his dick pounding my hole. I grunted and moaned as my orgasm built up and I almost screamed, but I muffled it down to a loud moaning instead. My orgasm seemed to take forever, it built up slowly and exploded out of me. I don't think I'd ever cum that hard. My cumming must have set him off since I felt him drive down hard into me, and I could feel his cock pulsing, spraying his cum in my ass.

I slumped down, out of breath. I didn't even care that the ropes were pulling hard on my arms, I couldn't stand any more. "Hang on," he said, pulling out of me with a wet squish and I felt the rope go slack a moment later. He gently lowered me to the ground. I kneeled there, panting trying to catch my breath. I felt the cum starting to drip out of my ass. I also realized that I'd shot most of my load into the panties, so I was literally a dripping mess.

I heard Scott come back over to me, "You okay?"

I nodded, still trying to get my breathing back under control.

"I thought you were going to scream like a banshee when you came there," he laughed.

"I almost did," I panted. "Managed to… get some control."

"How come?" he asked coyly.

"Didn't want… everyone to… hear," I took a deep breath. My legs were still shaky, I wasn't sure I'd be able to stand for a while.

He laughed louder," I don't think you needed to worry about that," he said and pulled the blindfold off my eyes. It took a moment of blinking to get my eyes to adjust. Oddly, my first thought was that my make-up must be a mess! As my eyes started to clear, I realized that we had an audience. A big audience. Most of the group if I wasn't mistaken. I swallowed nervously, not sure where this was going, I was both thrilled and terrified at the same time.

"You were so into being a little sissy slut, I just couldn't keep you to myself," Scott chuckled. "And if you remember back to the end there, you agreed to be our little… How was it? Oh yeah, our cock-sucking ass-fucking bondage slut sissy whore cum dump… every time," he smiled down at me. "And I think everyone is pretty worked up after that little show you just put on."

To my surprise, my cock started to get hard again. I was getting totally turned on by the thought of being gang-banged by the whole group, and Scott noticed. "Yeah, I thought you'd like that," he grinned ear to ear, rubbing his foot on my semi-hard cock. He leaned down, "You like being a sissy slut, don't you?"

I just nodded. "And you like being treated like a two dollar whore, don't you?" The tent in my panties, spoke for itself. "And you want everyone to fuck you and shove their cock down your throat, don't you?"

I nodded, but Scott shook his head. "You know the deal," he smiled.

I loudly said, "I want to be everyone's little cock-sucking ass-fucking bondage slut sissy whore cum dump." I saw everyone looking around, nodding to themselves. Finally, Greg walked over and unzipped his fly. I looked up, licking my lips in anticipation. "You really are a slut, aren't you?" he asked.

I answered by licking the tip of his cock, swirling my tongue around and teasing the whole length. Apparently, he was already pretty worked up and wanted to skip the tease, he grabbed the back of my head and started pushing his cock into my mouth. As I started blowing him, I heard someone say, "I want some of that," and I felt hands on my ass, hiking the skirt back up and a moment later, a cock was sliding into my now well-stretched ass. My anal lover was apparently pretty worked up, too. This wasn't sex, they were just fucking me, using me as a way to get off, a cum dump… and I was loving it! Someone untied my hands at some point and I reached up and was rewarded with two more cocks in my hands. As one of my lovers would blow their load into or onto me, another would quickly take their place. I lost track of how many different cocks and how many different loads I took, but it was a lot. As the last guy blew his load on my face, I fell back exhausted. I had cum dripping off my face and hair, it was pooling out of my ass, and was even on my hands and arms. I was quite literally a cum dump. I still had enough energy to reach down and stroke myself off while scooping some of the cum off my face and licking my fingers clean.

Scott looked at me after I'd cum again, "You're insatiable." He sounded both disgusted and impressed. I felt kind of the same way myself. I was proud of my sluttiness, and disgusted by what I'd just done, yet incredibly turned on and charged up by the whole thing. "The good news is, you'll be getting plenty every time we get together. Henry has agreed to get as many of the clothes as he can for you in your sizes, so you won't have to go over to his house every time. Also, there are several guys who have requests for things they'd like to see you in. So, we'll have plenty of stuff for you to wear."

I just sat there and nodded, excited about the ideas of the various outfits. Many of the guys could get very creative with their stuff, so I was sure they'd come up with some wild and sexy stuff for me.

"It was also decided that you'll be the prize for whoever wins the MVP for the event. So you'll have to go with them and be their slave for the night. Since that's new, and the game was sort of… disrupted, today. It was decided we'll start that next time."

Scott helped me to my feet and I walked a bit wobbly at first. "I hope you're ready to be dressed like a fairy princess, an elf goddess, a hooker, a French maid, and ready to be tied up, spanked, teased and fucked like some sex demon."

"Oh hell yes, that all sounds like a fun time," I smiled. "Not exactly what I had in mind when I signed up, but fun all the same."

"Well, it's certainly a new spin on role-playing," Scott observed.

"Yeah, but I doubt there's a rule book for this one," I joked.

"With how gamers are, I wouldn't be surprised if there were. Probably from Japan though," he said.

We chatted as he drove me back to my place. I was so tired, I didn't even think about changing, I just headed up to my room. Besides, I figured, everyone was probably going to get used to seeing me come and go dressed up anyway, might as well get used to it now. In for a penny, I thought to myself as I got undressed, cleaned up as best I could and flopped down to sleep. My dreams were about being a sissy slut for the MVP of the next session.
