---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Sorcerer's Apprentice
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- F-f
- F+-f+
- fpov
- bond
- cuffs
- public
- collar
- shop
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2023-06-19 00:00:00
---

### Part 9

Surrounded by a warm and comfortable darkness as she lay just on the edge of sleep, her mind relaxed and her body distant, Brianna Wilde felt… strange. Not bad, not bad by any stretch of the imagination, but strange nevertheless. There was an odd sensation, velvety and soft yet also tingling and insistent, that seemed to permeate her very being. A trill up her spine, a buzzing along her limbs, a heat in her chest that pulsed with every beat of her heart. It was odd, so hard to describe, even to herself, and yet for all of that it felt so achingly familiar as well. Like that almost electric feeling on the skin in a lightning storm, or the inexplicable “film” that static seemed to form in the hair. But it was more than that. It was warm and soft, oh so soft, like the feeling of silk running across the skin, but sharp as well like lips pressed hard against her own or teeth nipping at her pulse and just as pleasant. It reminded her for all the world of the liquid lightning that was her power, like the strange feeling it left in its wake as it flowed through her in waves, and yet there was an underlying jolt that for some reason made her think of Murial. Almost unbidden, Brianna's mind conjured up images of the alluring redhead. Her porcelain pale skin, her piercing green eyes, the way her wild red hair flowed into dreadlocks as if fell down her back and, of course, the almost predatory grace of her movements. Murial du Sange, even from their first meeting, when she’d thought the woman nothing more than a risque club owner, Brianna could not help but be fascinated. Drawn in by those mesmerizing eyes, that slender yet perfectly curved body, the commanding, almost regal grace of her stance despite being mostly naked at the time. A part of her could not help but stand in awe of how fearlessly, unabashedly unashamed the woman was. Even now, remembering well the fierce blush that had seemed to cover her entire body at that moment, she could not help but note, with a certain wry amusement, that it was probably for the best that she’d been gagged on that first meeting and thus had been unable to make a complete fool of herself.

And yet, even as she drifted in those pleasant thoughts the blue-haired girl could remember other, far more incongruous images. Murial’s eyes flashing in the darkness behind the bar. Murial kneeling submissively, hands bound behind her back. Murial grinning at her with unabashed amusement. Murial bound helplessly spread eagle, naked and gagged and eyes burning with need as Brianna loomed above her, heart racing in pure excitement. Murial binding her in leather, marble cool touch making her shiver in breathless anticipation.

Murial drinking her blood.

That memory in particular seemed to spark something and in an instant Brianna almost felt herself gasp. The ghostly sensation of Murial’s fangs piercing her skin and the almost unbelievable wave of pleasure that had washed over her as the redhead lazily, almost languidly, sucked the life from her had been truly, indescribably wonderful. Although, to be fair, at the same time Muria’s fingers *had* been teasing her to the crest of orgasm. Even so, the memory of their encounter, of that feeling, tickled something in the back of her mind and in that instant the blue-haired girl made a connection that had eluded her until that very moment. That, although much muted and not nearly so intense, the sensation of being bitten, of having her blood drawn was not entirely unlike the feeling of her own power racing through her veins as she directed it to her will. Inverted, perhaps, but not unfamiliar. She honestly wasn’t certain what to make of that. Was it a coincidence? Possibly, but in the last year Brianna had become increasingly convinced that there was no such thing as coincidences and she could not help but wonder if there was some significance there. Roxanna had hinted at it, though more as an example than anything else, but was there something subtly vampiric about her? Or was that further proof that her suspicion about the nature of her power was correct? That it was tied to her very essence on a metaphoric level? It was certainly something to consider, but as she chased that thought, positive that she was on the cusp of… *something*, the warmth enveloping her shifted ever so slightly and Brianna found herself drawn back to the waking world. And, as was the way of dreams, her understanding faded back into fuzzy memories as her eyes opened.

Blinking once or twice and groaning against the harsh light, Brianna squinted and tried to cover her face with her hands only to find her arms restrained above her head. Craning her neck, she glanced up as best she could to see the bulk of Roxanna’s desk looming above her and the handcuffs circling her wrists and looped around one of the wooden edifice's legs, pinning her in place. Shifting her shoulders and feeling the softness of the rug beneath her, the blue-haired girl lifted her head as best she could to find herself still stretched out on the floor of her mistress’s office, a clock ticking somewhere in the background and the myriad shelves upon the walls stuffed with books looking down at her. More than that, though, she saw the barely clad form of Roxanna’s beautiful body sprawled out atop her own, the olive-skinned woman’s head resting on her breasts while waves of soft mahogany hair sprawled outwards like a curtain, the dark strands standing in stark contrast to her own pale skin. Unable to keep a smile from her face at the sight, and not wanting to wake the older woman, Brianna squirmed just a bit to try and find a more comfortable position before letting her head drop back down to the floor. Staring up at the ceiling, hazel eyes tracing the seemingly endless swirls of plaster that covered the stark white surface, she felt her mind begin to drift. And yet, even as she lay there quietly, the gentle current of Roxanna’s breath tickling her skin, she tried to focus on what she had been thinking about, dreaming about, just a few moments earlier. But, no matter how hard she tried, the memories seemed to slip through her grasp like grains of sand. Nothing but a vague sense of warmth and a pleasant tingle that inexplicably made her blush.

Before she could grow too frustrated, however, Brianna was quickly jarred out of her recollections when the weight on her chest suddenly shifted and Roxanna moaned softly. Doing her best to lay perfectly still, the blue-haired girl lifted her head just enough to watch as her mistress groaned softly as she woke and shifted her head, turning her gaze upward. Smiling beautifully as brown and hazel met, the olive-skinned woman spared a moment to simply drink in the sight of the younger girl’s face before finally lifting herself up with her arms, grimacing softly as she stretched her shoulders and cracked her neck. Brianna opened her mouth to say something, a momentary spark of concern filling her at the look of discomfort on the other woman’s face, but before she could utter a word Roxanna leaned down and captured her lips in a kiss. Eyes widening ever so slightly in surprise, the blue-haired girl arched her back instinctively and moaned as she yielded to that kiss, practically shivering as she felt her mistress’s tongue gently probe her mouth to twine with her own in a soft and achingly pleasurable dance. For what seemed like an eternity, Roxanna kissed her as if she were the last drop of water in the desert and the prone girl could not help but whimper softly in her throat when those lips finally left her own. Craning her neck sharply to try and find them once more to no avail, Brianna blinked as she opened her eyes again, not having realized she’d even closed them in the first place to find Roxanna smiling at her.

Reaching down to cup her face, the olive-skinned woman finally spoke, “Good morning, *korítsi*. Or should I say, good afternoon?”

Swallowing to clear her throat, Brianna returned that smile as best she could, “Thank you, mistress.”

“Feeling better?” Roxanna asked, softly as she allowed the pad of her thumb to gently caress the blue-haired girl’s cheek.

Pressing her face against her mistress’s wonderfully soft hand, Brianna nodded, “Yes, mistress. I’m feeling a lot better.”

“Wonderful.” Roxanna mused, her smile broadening ever so slightly as she bent down to press a quick kiss to the tip of her nose, “Ready to get up?”

Pouting ever so softly, Brianna bit the edge of her lip and shot her mistress a hopeful glance, “Do we have to?”

Roxanna actually chuckled softly, grinning for a moment before pressing another soft, almost chaste kiss to the girl’s lips, “I am afraid so, *korítsi*.”

Although still pouting, Brianna offered no further protest as Roxanna slowly pushed herself upright with some effort and dropped back to straddle the blue-haired girl’s waist. Stretching her arms wide to loosen the muscles of her shoulders, groaning softly as she popped her neck in the process and doing wondrous things for her mostly bare chest, the olive-skinned woman stayed like that for a moment, eyes closed and a look of sheer bliss on her face. Eyes glued to the display, Brianna unconsciously licked her lips at the sight of her mistress’s breasts rising and falling with each breath, the arch of her back and the way the afternoon light seemed to illuminate her olive skin making the woman seem as if she had just stepped out of a picture. Oblivious to the prone girl’s observations, Roxanna eventually relaxed and allowed her arms to fall to her sides before taking a moment to fix the robe which had mostly fallen from her shoulders to pool about her hips at this point. A tiny smirk curling the edges of her lips as the blue-haired girl let out a soft sigh of disappointment at the older woman’s perfect breasts being covered once again, Roxanna leaned forward, slowly and deliberately, to unlock Brianna’s cuffs, pressing her cleavage into the blue-haired girl’s face as she did so. Never one to let an opportunity go to waste, the blue-haired girl eagerly nuzzled into that familiar pair of breasts, her moan of delight muffled as she reveled in the feeling of her mistress’s soft, warm skin against her own. For her part, the woman said nothing, though she did make her opinion clear when she obligingly rocked her shoulders ever so slightly as she unlocked the handcuffs and pushed them aside.

For a brief moment, the pair stayed like that until Roxanna finally took the girl’s wrists in hand and slowly caressed the length of her arms as she drew herself upright once again. Shivering at the feeling of those soft fingertips gliding over her skin, Brianna let out a tiny groan of disappointment as her mistress drew back but as she opened her eyes, the older woman simply offered a tiny smile and gently caressed her face before pushing herself back just enough to climb off the prone girl and sit at her feet. Teasing a silky smooth calf for a brief moment, eliciting another shiver, Roxanna eventually removed the spreader bar holding Brianna’s legs apart and carefully unbuckled the leather cuffs around her ankles. Once the blue-haired girl was completely free, the woman offered her a smile before shakily climbing to her feet and taking another opportunity to stretch, rolling her shoulders and roughly combing her hair back into some semblance of order with her fingers. Watching the display, and blushing a bit as their current angle offered her a clear view up the olive-skinned woman’s sinfully short robe, Brianna could not help but notice her mistress’s smirk sharpen for an instant before the woman’s lips curled into a fond smile and she offered a hand. Nodding at the silent instruction, and smiling in return, the blue-haired girl reached up and allowed her fingers to twine with Roxanna’s for a brief moment before the woman’s grip tightened and she found herself being pulled upright in one surprisingly smooth motion.

However, she did not even get a chance to catch her bearings before the olive-skinned woman pulled her into an embrace. Letting out a soft sight as she felt arms circle her waist and hold her close, Brianna closed her eyes as she leaned against Roxanna's perfect form and embraced the woman in turn, reveling in the feel of sinfully soft silk beneath her hands and practically purring in delight as her mistress drew nonsense patterns on her back. That sigh grew into a moan when those hands began to drift down her spine, tracing the bumps of each vertebrae as they went before cupping her ass and squeezing playfully. Biting her lip to suppress an even deeper moan as she felt soft, clever fingers glide between her legs to tease the sensitive skin of her inner thighs and just brush up against the edges of her sex, the blue-haired girl rested her head on one of the olive-skinned woman’s shoulders and tightened her own grip. In that moment nothing seemed to matter as her mistress continued to touch her, exploring her nude body with deliberate slowness, gliding up and down her back, massaging her shoulders, tracing the edges of her ribs and teasing the sides of her breasts before beginning the pattern all over again. A new flush covered her skin, and a new flame of arousal sparking in her core, Brianna did moan when those hands cupped her ass again, kneading the soft flesh of her rump and making her shiver with desire and delight.

In the midst of that pleasurable assault, Roxanna tilted her head just enough to kiss the blue-haired girl in front of her ear and whispered softly, “Tell me, *korítsi*, did you have a good dream?”

Shivering unconsciously at her mistress’s voice, as she often did, Brianna managed a tiny nod, “I… think so, mistress.”

“Oh?” Roxanna asked, curiosity in her voice, “Why is that, *korítsi*?”

“It’s hard to remember, mistress.” Brianna admitted, “I think I felt… good? Strange, but good. Warm somehow and, and…” she trailed off at a loss for words.

Tightening her embrace ever so slightly, and stroking the girl’s hair comfortingly, Roxanna just held her close, “No need to stress yourself, *korítsi*. Do not try to force it.”

“I think I was on the edge of something.” Brianna admitted, even as she relaxed into that touch, “Something important. But I can’t remember.”

“Dreams are interesting things.” Roxanna mused, still stroking the younger girl’s hair gently, “Some would say they are a magic all their own. I am not so certain about that,” she cautioned, “but dreams can be a useful way for the mind to make connections we are not consciously aware of.”

Brianna nodded as she closed her eyes and purred beneath the soft fingers running over her scalp, “Maybe I should keep a journal, mistress.”

“A fine idea, *korítsi*.” Roxanna agreed as she continued to stroke the girl’s blue mane, “One never knows where inspiration will strike.”

After a moment of standing quietly like that wrapped up in each other’s arms, a flash of red hair suddenly popped into her mind’s eye and Brianna gasped softly at the memory. Taking note of the reaction, Roxanna loosened her grip ever so slightly and leaned back enough to look the blue-haired girl in the eye, a flash of concern on her face.

“*Korítsi*? Is something the matter?”

Shaking her head ever so slightly, Brianna bit her lip for the briefest of moments, “No mistress, I just… I just remembered something.”

Her concern melting into a relieved smile, Roxanna adjusted her grip, “Something important?”

Brianna opened her mouth to answer, but then paused, a touch of confusion on her face, “I… I’m not sure.”

“I understand, *korítsi*.” Roxanna assured before pulling the blue-haired girl close again and kissing her softly on the cheek, “Do not concern yourself for now, you have had a very busy day after all. Now, shall we go fetch the others?”

Smiling gratefully, Brianna nodded, “Yes, mistress.”

Roxanna said nothing in response, just smiled again before the pair finally broke their embrace with some reluctance, hands lingering for one final touch as they did. Snuggling comfortably up against her mistress’s side, sighing softly as an arm wrapped around her waist, Brianna just leaned into the older woman’s warmth as they began to make their way towards the door. Silently passed into the lingering gloom of the hallway, they did not head back into the main areas of the house but instead pushed deeper into the darkness, to the very end of the corridor and a rarely used door sitting there, left open just a crack to allow a beam of light to cut through the shadows. The still air of the house interrupted only by the soft ticking of the grandfather clock in the living room and the pad of bare feet on the floor, the pair approached with a slow, easy gait and crossed the last few feet without hurry before Roxanna carefully opened the door the rest of the way with her free hand, well oiled hinges making not even the slightest hint of protest. Blinking against the harsh light now spilling freely to illuminate the hall, Brianna glanced inside and could not help but smile at what she saw. Although little used, the room was as well kept as the rest of the house even if its finish and furnishings did not quite match the antique aesthetic that her mistresses had cultivated elsewhere. The paneling on the walls seemed plainer and the curtains covering the window that offered a glorious view of the backyard were simple things but more than that, the floor was actually covered with with a plush tan carpet, rather than the ornate rugs over hardwood that most of the rest of the house sported and a television hung on the wall across from a worn but comfortably looking couch. A modern oddity in a house that felt centuries old most days.

A tiny blush covered Brianna’s cheeks as she remembered how surprised she’d been upon the first time seeing this room, having honestly thought that her mistresses didn’t even own any electronics save for their phones, much less a painfully modern looking flat screen and the accessories plugged into it. Surprise that had given way to embarrassment when she’d blurted that out only for Sofia to laugh in sheer amusement, before taking the smaller girl into her arms and playfully showing off her collection of games. It was as Roxanna had said, after all, neither one of her mistresses were that old despite the fantastic elements that surrounded them, and the mysterious air they cultivated. Shaking herself out of those memories, Brianna felt her eyes drawn past the room itself and to the figures laying on the couch, napping in a jumbled pile, clearly spent. Sofia was sprawled out with her shoulders propped up on one of the couch’s arms, her head lazily rolled to the side against the cushioned back, a riot of shallow scratches clearly visible up and down her spine. Claudia, in contrast, was curled up atop the older woman, head resting on the blonde’s ample breasts while strong arms loosely circled her slender waist and a number of suspiciously mouth-shaped bruises decorated her abdomen and pelvis all trailing in a clear line down to her cleanly shaved sex. Smiling faintly at the scene, Brianna suddenly felt the arm around her own waist tighten ever so slightly and she glanced up with a slight start to see Roxanna smiling down at her before winking and glancing over at the sleeping pair once more. Returning that smile, the blue-haired girl just rested her head on the older woman’s shoulder with a soft sigh as the pair spent a few long moments simply admiring the vision before them.

“They look so cute like this.” Brianna eventually commented, keeping her voice low to avoid waking the pair.

Chuckling deep in her chest, but also struggling to keep her voice low, Roxanna pressed a kiss to the crown of the blue-haired girl’s head, “Very true, *korítsi*. But I am not certain either one of them would appreciate that.”

Giggling softly, Brianna could not help but agree even as she allowed hazel eyes to run over the pair once again. She could, and had, used many different words to describe her lovers. Beautiful, sexy, playful, confident and absolutely wonderful to name a few, but cute was not one she had used often, and rarely to their faces. And yet, in this instant, with the pair curled up together, relaxed in sleep and with the evidence of their passion so clearly on display, she could not think of a better word. As she mused, the smile on her face growing slightly, Roxanna lifted her free hand, fingers curled into a fist, and indelicately rapped her knuckles against the door frame. The loud knocking seemed to echo through the entire house, making even Brianna jump in surprise at the sudden sound, and startling Sofia awake. Jerking upright, shaking Claudia out of her slumber in the process, the blonde turned her neck sharply to glance at the door and blinked several times, as if unsure of what she was seeing.

“*dorogaya*?” Sofia asked, after a moment of confusion, a smile slowly splitting the blonde’s face, “Finished with your… lesson already?”

Brianna’s blush darkened at the implication, but Roxanna took it in stride, a thin smile, almost a smirk, decorating her lips as she answered, “For now, *stríngla*.”

Chuckling as Claudia blinked the last remnants of sleep from her eyes and sat up to snuggle into her lap, Sofia shot her lover an expression halfway between a pout and glare but with no real heat, “I feel I should be very cross with you, *dorogaya*. Playing with Brianna without me. We discussed this.”

Withdrawing her arm from around Brianna’s waist, Roxanna took a step into the room, “My sincerest apologies, *stríngla*. But, one cannot stand in the way of education. Besides, how could I ignore the plight of such an eager student?”

Pout morphing into a smile, Sofia practically roared with laughter, startling Claudia, who clung to the blonde as if afraid she might be thrown off, “I suppose that is so, *dorogaya*.” her smile became something far more sensual as she speared Brianna with her gaze, “One should not stand in the way of… *education*.”

Placing a hand on her hip, a tiny smile curled Roxanna’s lips as she let her eyes roam over the scratches on Sofia’s arms and the bruises decorating Claudia’s hips, “Besides, it would seem as if you had a most instructional afternoon yourself.”

Claudia actually blushed a bit at that, but smiled as she practically burrowed into Sofia’s side, the blonde throwing a strong arm over her shoulders and kissing her on the cheek before shooting her lover a positively lascivious look and her voice dropped to a seductive purr, “I could always stand to learn more, if you wish to teach me, *dorogaya*.”

Sighing and shaking her head, though the smile on her face never wavered, Roxanna declined, “A most tempting offer, *stríngla*, but I am afraid that is not possible. The day is growing short, and it is a long drive into town after all.”

That none too gentle reminder of the mysterious *plans* that Roxanna had alluded to earlier seemed to get the blonde’s attention and Sofia instantly sat up straighter, the last traces of fatigue fleeing from her posture as her smile sharpened and a flash of anticipation reflected in her brilliant blue eyes, “An excellent point, *dorogaya*.”

Roxanna chose not to comment further and, glancing back down at Claudia, who mirrored her smile, Sofia nodded and gently disentangled herself before climbing to her feet. Yawning loudly as she stretched, hands nearly brushing the ceiling as she arched her back and stood up on her tiptoes, twisting her hips to pop her spine, the blonde let out a tiny and yet strangely sensual moan of relief. Eyes glued to the display, blush deepening at that sound, part of Brianna could not help but note how animalistic Sofia looked as she moved and stretched, the blonde’s powerful body resembling a big cat uncoiling itself after a nap, all elegance and power and sleek lines. Of course, the rest of her was far too distracted by the way the athletic woman’s posture thrust her breasts out proudly to really pay too much attention as a familiar sense of attraction mixed with lust coiled within her. Unaware of all that, or choosing to ignore it, Sofia finally relaxed, allowing her body to go slack and rolling her neck to loosen her shoulders before finally releasing a breath and opening her eyes. Smiling once again, she reached down and, smiling up at the taller woman, Claudia took the proffered hand. Gently brushing her fingers against Sofia’s palm before gripping her wrist firmly, that tattooed brunette let out a tiny yelp of surprise as the blonde’s calloused fingers clasped her hand in turn and suddenly hauled her to her feet in one not so smooth motion. Laughing in amusement as the girl stumbled at the sudden motion, Sofia reached out with her left hand and snaked an arm around Claudia’s waist, pulling the girl close to steady her but not releasing her right hand either, like a pair of ballroom dancers, the lead ready to dip her partner.

Adjusting her grip ever so slightly, Sofia lowered her head just enough to plant another kiss on Claudia’s cheek and whisper into her ear, “What do you say, *kotenok*? Ready for a night on the town?”

Intimately aware of their position, and very much enjoying the feeling of Sofia’s silky soft skin against her own, Claudia smiled, “I would like nothing more, mistress.”

Limping into the room, her feet making not even the slightest sound on the thick carpet, Roxanna approached the pair and wrapped her arms around them in a loose embrace, pressing her body against Sofia’s strong back as she did, “Well, my darlings, shall we get ready?”

Slowly releasing Claudia’s hand to take Roxanna’s in turn, Sofia glanced over her shoulder as best she could, barely catching a glimpse of wild mahogany hair as she did, before turning her attention back to the girl in her arms, “Shall we, *kotenok*?”

With a nod, Claudia smiled up at the taller woman, “Yes, mistress. Lets.”

Finally entering the room herself, Brianna eagerly joined the group, cuddling up against Sofia’s side and wrapping her arms around Roxanna and Claudia’s waists as best she could. For what felt like the longest time, even though it was probably no more than a moment or two, the four just stood there quietly, holding each other tightly and enjoying the silent warmth of the embrace, even if Sofia’s hands had a tendency to… wander at times. Not that Brianna really minded all that much. Still, all good things come to an end and eventually they were forced to move, reluctantly breaking the embrace before slowly making their way back out into the hall. Arm in arm they walked, words feeling unnecessary in that moment of pleasant silence as they once more climbed the stairs, even if the trip was made a bit more awkward by their unwillingness to stop touching each other. From there it was an even shorter trip back to Brianna’s room, the door still hanging open and golden afternoon light pouring in through windows that had still not been covered while the bed sat in disarray, sheets and blankets in a tangled pile where they had been left this morning. Taking in the sight, Roxanna glanced to her left with a raised eyebrow and Brianna fought the urge to look down in embarrassment. With all the excitement of the day she had neglected to make her bed and, while not exactly a rule, she knew that her mistress’s fastidious nature preferred things to be kept neat and tidy. Much to her relief, Sofia came to her rescue before she could even begin to formulate a reply, pulling Roxanna close all of a sudden and leading her lover across the room and toward the closet before the olive-skinned woman could even offer a hint of protest.

“Come, *dorogaya*.” she announced with a vulpine grin, breaking the silence, “The girls need something suitable to wear.”

Smiling gratefully at the blonde, who winked at her in acknowledgment, Brianna slowly made her way over to the bed as silently as she could and began to straighten out the sheets. To her surprise and delight Claudia circled the mattress to help her, grinning playfully all the while as the pair began to tidy up the bedspread. Just as they were pulling the wrinkles from the blanket, and tucking the edges down, Brianna risked glancing over to her mistresses and watched surreptitiously as Sofia threw open the closet door and began to rifle through the eclectic collection of clothes hanging there.

Finally letting her lover go, Sofia placed a hand on her hip and glanced at the olive-skinned woman with a smile, “What do you think, *dorogaya*? The night calls for something special, yes?”

The faint hint of a smile on the woman’s lips suggested that Roxanna knew exactly what the blonde was doing, but played along anyway. Taking a step forward, she began to search through the hangers one at a time, “Yes, *stríngla*. Something special, but appropriate. Simple yet fashionable I should think.”

Her grin turning a bit suggestive, Sofia leaned a bit closer to the other woman, “And easy to take off, no?”

Rolling her eyes, and yet smile never fading, Roxanna let out a breath that might have been a suppressed laugh, “And easy to take off.”

As she smoothed the last few wrinkles from her bed, Brianna found her attention drawn to the conversation and her curiosity piqued. Certainly her mistresses had helped her pick out clothes before, though it *was* a fairly rare occurrence for them to do more than offer advice, but never had they directly selected an outfit for her. It was enough to make her wonder exactly what they were planning, and enough to send a familiar trill of excitement up her spine, especially when they mentioned picking out something that was *easy to take off*. Caught up in those ruminations, a faint pink blush on her cheeks, Brianna was caught off guard when Claudia slipped up beside her and wrapped her up in a hug. Starting slightly, she glanced at the slightly smaller girl, who smiled up at her with a faintly mischievous glint in her eye. Biting her lip to suppress a chuckle, lips twitching into a grin of her own almost despite herself, she wrapped her own arms around the tattooed brunette and held her close before leaning down just enough to press an almost chaste kiss to her thin lips. Nipping playfully at the blue-haired girl’s lower lip in response, Claudia said nothing, just rested her head on Brianna’s chest and allowed her hands to drift in lazy circles across the blue-haired girl’s back and onto her shoulder blades as she let out a quiet but contented sigh. Biting her lip again as she shivered against the pleasant sensations running up and down her spine, Brianna just continued to hold the other girl, hands resting on the slender girl’s hip and chin nesting within Claudia’s wild hair as she watched their mistresses continue to dig through her closet.

After perhaps five minutes of searching and whispering to each other in lilting, foreign tongues as they evaluated their finds, Sofia turned with a wide grin and held up a hanger with a bright blue garment hanging from it, “This is perfect!” she announced, eyes momentarily flickering over the sight of the two girls wrapped up in each other and smile morphing into something almost sly, “What do you think, *devushka*?”

Feeling her blush darken as Sofia’s eyes roamed over her, Brianna forced her gaze to look at the hanger, taking in the sundress on display, noting the brilliant blue color that was almost the same shade as her hair and the rather… provocative cut. Specifically the way the neck plunged low with only a pair of thin spaghetti straps tied behind the neck like a halter that would leave her shoulders and a generous amount of cleavage on display, to say nothing of the way the waistline hugged the hips and the hem fell to roughly mid thigh. It was not a dress she’d had much cause to wear and, to be honest, the thought was not unpleasant.

“It’s lovely, mistress.” Brianna answered, finally.

“I rather think these would go well with it.” Roxanna announced, suddenly joining the conversation as she turned and presented a pair of boots, “Though I do not think I have ever seen you wear them, *korítsi*.”

A tiny spike of mortification struck Brianna as she took in the familiar sight of the dark, heavy boots, thick soled and extending nearly to the knees with a myriad of buckles stretched in parallel lines across the front. Feeling almost compelled to defend herself in the face of that amused smile, the blue-haired protested, “I went through a phase!”

Turning her head ever so slightly from where she had rested it against Brianna's chest, glancing at the boots out of the corner of her eye, Claudia smirked ever so slightly, “If you've got some fishnets and black makeup to go with it? I could stand to see more of this phase.”

The blue-haired girl felt her face heat up, both at that statement and the glint in Sofia's eye that seemed to indicate she agreed wholeheartedly, but thankfully Roxanna stepped in to redirect the conversation, “Another time, perhaps.” Reaching up to take the dress from her lover's hand, the olive-skinned woman limped across the room to lay it out on the bed and deposit the boots on the floor before turning and gently taking Brianna by the chin and forcing the younger girl to look her in the eyes with a soft smile, “For now, they will be perfect for what I have in mind.”

Smiling faintly, Brianna managed a tiny nod even as those deep brown depths threatened to swallow her whole, “Yes, mistress. Thank you, mistress.”

“You are most welcome, *korítsi*.” Roxanna assured, “Most welcome indeed.”

As they spoke, Sofia crossed the room to join them, taking Claudia by the hand and gently pulling her from the blue-haired girl's embrace, “And now, *kotenok*, let us find you something.”

Although clearly reluctant to release her grip, Claudia nodded and allowed herself to be led away even if she let her hands linger as long as possible, “Yes, mistress.”

Shivering softly at the feeling of the tattooed girl's fingers brushing over her skin with a feather-light touch, Brianna almost gasped in surprise when Roxanna drew her into a kiss, soft at first but slowly deepening as she parted her lips and allowed the older woman's tongue to probe her mouth gently. Eyes sliding closed as she moaned deep in her throat, tilting her head back to give her mistress better access and embracing the woman’s slender waist, the blue-haired girl was almost caught by surprise when the kiss ended almost as quickly as it had begun. Whimpering quietly, eyes still closed, she shivered again as a soft hand slid down her back to cup her ass and a pair of lips brushed against her ear.

“One last thing, *korítsi*." Roxanna whispered.

“Yes, mistress?” Brianna asked, voice shaky as she swallowed hard.

“As much as I enjoy your taste in lingerie.” the olive-skinned woman practically breathed, “You will not need any underwear tonight.”

Heat rushed to her face and spread down her chest as that command rolled over her, seemingly echoing in her mind. As short as that dress was, to say nothing of the tight cut of the thin material, it would be absolutely obvious that she wore nothing beneath it. Opening her mouth to respond words failed her and for a brief moment Brianna could do nothing but stand there, frozen in place and certain she looked positively sunburned, until the hands resting gently on her rump squeezed all of a sudden. Jumping in surprise, and letting out a tiny squawk, Brianna looked up at the satisfied half smile decorating her mistress's lips and could not keep her own lips from twitching into a smile in response

Nodding her head ever so slightly, and voice still a bit shaky, the blue-haired girl signaled her agreement, “Yes, mistress.”

Roxanna smiled ever so slightly in acknowledgment and leaned in for one last, almost delicate kiss before stepping back. As she did, Brianna followed her movement as the olive-skinned woman slowly circled the bed to where Sofia had bent down to dig through Claudia’s bags while the tattooed girl looked on. She wasn’t certain if the blonde was intentionally putting on a show, but given the way her current position put her magnificently shaped ass on display the blue-haired girl couldn’t say that she really cared one way or the other. Roxanna seemed to be of a similar mind, the woman letting her eyes roam over her lover’s powerful body before carefully dropping down on one knee next to her and whispering something. Glancing over her shoulder to where Brianna was standing, Sofia offered a smile and a wink before turning her attention back to her work, though she did wiggle her hips ever so slightly. The blue-haired girl bit her lip and felt her blush return as a sliver of excitement pulsed in her core, part of her wanting nothing more than to walk over there and touch the other woman, to once again feel those firm muscles and soft skin as she ran her fingers along that perfect form. However, despite the heady rush of lust that filled her, Brianna found her feet rooted in place, able to do nothing but watch as her mistresses continued their work. Eventually, however, the women found what they were looking for, Roxanna carefully placing a short, pleated skirt in a dark charcoal gray with a decorative chain looping along the left hip on the bed while Sofia tossed a black t-shirt with a wolf of all things printed on the front and a studded leather belt after it.

Rising to her full height, and helping her lover up a moment later, the blonde turned to Claudia and wrapped her up in a loose embrace, “There we are, *kotenok*.”

Returning the embrace, Claudia smiled, “An odd combination, mistress.”

“Yet perfect for this evening.” the blonde returned, “Though be certain not to wear anything underneath it.”

Raising an eyebrow with a faint blush on her own cheeks, though her smile never wavered, Claudia nodded ever so slightly, “As you say, mistress.”

“Now please get dressed while Sofia and I change.” Roxanna added as she wrapped the blonde up in a half embrace and glanced back at Brianna, “But do not take too long. We would not want to miss any of the fun.”

“Yes, mistress.” Brianna answered, quietly, as Claudia once again nodded her agreement but declined to speak.

With that, Sofia squeezed the slender, tattooed girl in her arms one last time before the older women slowly made their way out of the room. Watching them go, eyes fixated on Sofia’s strong back and the way Roxanna’s robe barely covered her shapely behind, Brianna could not help but smile. Things were only getting started but the excitement was nearly unbearable, the deliberate mystery only adding to the thrill. As her mistresses finally disappeared around the corner, she glanced over to where Claudia had turned toward the bed, picking up the skirt and examining it. Quickly crossing the room, her footsteps lost in the thick rug beneath her feet, the blue-haired girl snuck up on her slightly smaller companion and wrapped her up in an embrace. Clearly caught by surprise, Claudia dropped the skirt and barely had time to gasp before Brianna spun her around and captured her thin lips in a kiss. Practically melting into her arms, the tattooed girl parted her lips and eagerly let the taller girl’s tongue into her mouth, dueling it with relish as Brianna pushed deep, thrilling as the sensation of Claudia’s tongue studs as she explored. After a few breathless moments of that pleasurable dance, neither one giving an inch and neither one willing to surrender, the blue-haired girl finally pulled back, but did not release her grip as she smiled down at her girlfriend, hazel eyes practically sparking.

Licking her lips almost reflexively, Claudia returned the smile as she looked up, “What was that for?”

Brianna shrugged as best she could, “I just really wanted to kiss you.”

Chuckling softly under her breath, Claudia perched up on her tiptoes to press another, much less intense kiss to Brianna’s lips, “You are so sweet it’s sickening sometimes.”

Brianna stuck out her tongue playfully, but could not keep a grinning, “Don’t ruin it.”

Still chuckling ever so softly, Claudia darted in for yet another kiss, “There, now you’ve had three. But we really should get dressed.”

“Yeah.” Brianna agreed, reluctant as she was to release the girl from her grip, “We really should.”

Despite her reticence, however, eventually Brianna did let go but not before giving Claudia’s firm ass one last, playful squeeze, amused by the way the tattooed girl seemed to jump ever so slightly and swat her arm with a mock scowl. Holding up her hands in surrender, the blue-haired girl stepped back and finally picked up the dress she had been given to wear. Given the relative simplicity of the outfit it did not take long to actually get dressed as she stepped into the garment and carefully fitted it around her waist before finally pulling up the top and tying the halter straps behind her neck. As she was adjusting her boobs to make sure the dress was seated properly, blushing a bit at the way her nipple piercings presented themselves clearly through the thin cloth, Brianna happened to glance over to Claudia, who was just now zipping up her sinfully short skirt. Pausing to admire the way the pleated gray cloth contrasted with the girl’s pale thighs, the thin chain hanging just below her left hip glinting in the light. Smiling as the tattooed girl began to fasten a belt around her waist, the blue-haired girl shook her head and walked over to her desk, fishing a mirror out of the bottom drawer before sitting down and tending to her makeup. Just as she was finishing up her eyeshadow and pondering the right shade of lipstick, Claudia, now fully dressed, crept up behind her and loosely threw her arms around the blue-haired girl’s shoulders.

Having spotted her approach in the mirror, Brianna just smiled and reached up to lay her hand on Claudia’s, “Hey.”

“Hey.” Claudia returned, “Can I brush your hair?”

It was an odd request, but not an unwelcome one and Brianna smiled, “Sure.”

Withdrawing her hands, Claudia reached past the sitting girl and picked up a brush, “Any preferences?”

Brianna pursed her lips as she pondered that, “Nothing fancy, I think. Just a ponytail for now.”

“No problem.” Claudia assured as she began to brush Brianna’s long blue hair back into some semblance of order.

Sighing, practically purring, at the pleasant sensation of the soft brush running over her scalp, Brianna relaxed ever so slightly as she finally selected a shade she liked and began to paint her lips. Long, pleasant moments passed as she finished her makeup and Claudia deftly fixed her hair and tied it into a loose tail. Glancing back as soon as she was finished, Brianna smiled at the other girl and wondered, “You know, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you in a skirt before.”

“I save it for special occasions.” Claudia commented, “Do you like it?”

Carefully standing and sweeping the slightly smaller girl into a hug, Brianna nodded, “Absolutely, you should show off those legs more often. Although,” dropping her hands down to slip beneath the tattooed girl’s skirt and once again help herself to a handful of that firm behind, she grinned, “I love the shirt.”

Grinning right back, and rocking her hips ever so slightly to practically grind against the taller girl’s hands, Claudia shrugged, “I got it as a joke to be perfectly honest, but I don’t know, I think it suits me.”

Once again taking in the stylized wolf, painted in splashes of bright color on the black cloth, Brianna could only nod, “It does.” Pausing for a moment, the blue-haired girl grinned as she squeezed playfully, “So what do you think our mistresses have planned?”

Biting the edge of her lip and moaning softly, Claudia managed a grin of her own, “Dunno, but I *think* you need to start putting those boots on.”

“You’re never gonna let me live this down, are you?” Brianna lamented though without any real heat.

“Nope.” Claudia confirmed with a grin, popping the ‘p’ for emphasis, “But I have to know, was it a goth phase or a punk phase?”

“I don’t know.” Brianna practically mumbled, a hint of a blush visible, “A little of both, I guess? I was just a kid.”

“Kind of sad I missed that.” Claudia confessed, “Any chance of a revival?”

Despite the lingering trace of embarrassment, Brianna managed a tiny smile, “Well, I guess Halloween *is* coming up.”

Claudia grinned and reached up to plant a tiny kiss on her cheek, “I’ll hold you to that, you know.”

“Oh?” Brianna asked, returning that grin as the awkwardness faded, “And what will you do for me?”

Perching up on her tiptoes, Claudia nipped at her earlobe, just below the gauge, before whispering in a breathy tone, “You indulge me, and I’ll get down on my knees and make you cum so hard you won’t even remember your name.”

Shivering at that, Brianna bit her lip to suppress a moan as a very different kind of heat filled her. Taking advantage of the distraction, Claudia used the opportunity to slip out of the blue-haired girl’s grasp and padded back to where her bags sat piled in a heap, hands clasped behind her and a grin on her face as she walked backwards, never taking her eyes off Brianna as she did. Watching the slender girl retreat, Brianna let out a sigh and shook her head fondly as she practically threw herself down on the bed and began the somewhat complex procedure of slipping her feet into her boots and tightening the dozens of straps needed to secure them properly around her legs. She honestly couldn’t remember the last time she’d worn them, but it had to have been at least a couple of years. Luckily they still fit, but it did make her slightly envious of Claudia’s much simpler footwear as she watched the other girl tie a pair of simple canvas sneakers, their dark red color going surprisingly well with her outfit. Wiggling her toes to test the tightness of her footwear, pleased that she still had plenty of room, Brianna tentatively climbed to her feet and took an experimental step toward the antique mirror in the corner. The boots were heavier than she remembered, but she adapted quickly enough and when she reached her destination, the blue-haired girl could not help but study her reflection, posing a bit as she took in the sight. It was strange, the simple sundress and the heavy boots should have clashed horribly, a mix of contrasting styles that she never would have imagined working together and yet… and yet Brianna found that she liked what she saw and could not help but smile in satisfaction.

Caught up in that examination, she did not notice when Claudia slipped beside her with a grin of her own, “Damn girl, you look ready to kick ass.”

Brianna glanced at the other girl, her grin widening, but before she could manage a reply a familiar voice called out from the doorway, “Indeed she does, *kotenok*. Both of you look lovely this evening.”

Instantly looking up to where Sofia was standing at the threshold of the room, smiling broadly at the pair, the first that Brianna noticed was how oddly the woman was dressed. A pair of black alligator patterned pants, so tight that they seemed more like vinyl or rubber rather than actual leather, clung to her legs while a loose cream-colored blouse with slightly flared cuffs and a deep v-neck fell to mid thigh, exposing a generous amount of cleavage as well as a silver necklace with a pendant hanging from her neck. A familiar pair of high-heeled sandals that exposed brightly painted nails sheathed her feet but strangest of all was a small, antique looking corset of patterned black cloth with silver fasteners cinched around her waist. It was, Brianna thought, the first time she had ever seen the blonde wear a corset and while she certainly didn’t need it, the woman looked lovely, especially with her hair twisted up in a complex but messy bun and held in place with a jeweled silver comb.

As the blue-haired girl stared, Claudia grinned and walked over to where the blonde was standing, bowing her head ever so slightly, “Welcome back, mistress.”

Wrapping an arm around the girl’s waist and pulling her close, Sofia kissed her on the cheek, “Thank you very much, *kotenok*.” Glancing up at Brianna, the blonde’s smile widened, “And you, *devushka*? Are you not happy to see me?”

“You’re beautiful.” Brianna blurted out, starting slightly in surprise at her own outburst and slapping a hand over her mouth as her cheeks went pink.

Laughing in honest amusement, Sofia entered the room, dragging Claudia with her and pulled the blue-haired girl into the hug as well, “So I have been told, *devushka*, but it is still pleasant to hear.”

Still blushing, but feeling her lips twitch into a grin, Brianna looked up at the older woman and leaned into her embrace, “Thank you, mistress.”

“You are most welcome.” Sofia assured before glancing back and forth between the two girls in her arms, “Shall we depart then?”

“Yes, mistress.” Brianna answered, just a touch subdued.

Claudia echoed the sentiment with much more enthusiasm, “Absolutely, mistress.”

Adjusting her grip to lay her arms across the girls’ shoulders, but still holding them close, Sofia guided her slaves toward the door and out into the hallway. Despite struggling to keep up with the blonde’s long strides it was a quick trip to the stairs and then down to the first floor. Turning sharply to the right the trio entered the kitchen and, Sofia’s heels and Brianna’s boots clipping loudly against the tile floor, they found Roxanna waiting there for them, the olive-skinned woman standing at the counter and packing something into her purse. Lifting her head at their approach, the woman smiled softly, her deep brown eyes alight with pleasure and her mahogany hair flowing over her shoulders in bright waves that practically glowed in the slowly fading light of the afternoon sun. Much like Sofia, however, her outfit was a bit odd, a combination of old and new that Brianna was certain she had never seen before. The olive-skinned woman wore a familiar pair of dark capri pants with a brown belt of woven leather and strappy, open toed heels on her feet. Above that she wore a simple white blouse with a high necked collar and a black lace choker, a small cameo hanging from it, yellowed antique alabaster carved with a strange symbol. Over the blouse was a vest that matched her pants, partially buttoned up, while a number of bracelets around her wrists as well as a few very simple rings adorning her hands and completing the outfit. But what stood out most, though she did not notice it at first, was the fact that Roxanna had rolled up her sleeves to her elbows, exposing her smooth olive skin and the scars that ran along her forearms, a sign of vulnerability that the woman did not normally allow herself in public.

If Roxanna took note of her inspection, she gave no notice as she slung her purse over her shoulders and limped toward the trio, her smile widening ever so slightly as she approached, “What a lovely sight, my dears.”

“Indeed.” Sofia interjected, “They clean up most nicely, do they not *dorogaya*?”

The edge of her lips ticked up as she laughed softly under breath and reached out to gently cup Claudia’s cheek with one hand and gently lift Brianna’s chin with the other, “So it would seem, *stríngla*. So it would seem.”

Brianna found herself returning the smile as their eyes met, “Thank you, mistress. You look wonderful yourself.”

Brushing her fingers along Brianna’s jaw and patting Claudia on the cheek, Roxanna smiled in thanks and glanced up at Sofia, “I trust we are ready?”

The blonde nodded firmly, “We are.”

With a final smile, Roxanna stepped closer to join them in their group embrace, reveling in the collecting warmth before the four began to make their way out of the kitchen and through the living room. Passing the empty fireplace and the inviting couch, they crossed the threshold out onto the front porch, lingering there just long enough for Sofia to fish a set of keys from her pocket and lock the door behind them. As they descended the steps and began to traverse the walk to the driveway, Brianna could not help but fidget with nervous excitement as they slowly approached the familiar car parked there. It wouldn’t be quite as exciting as the last time she had ridden with her mistresses, wrapped up with Claudia in the trunk and teased mercilessly, but the blue-haired girl still felt her heart speed up as the pleasantly familiar feeling of anticipation welled up within her. Without comment, Sofia broke away from the group and, keys still dangling from her hand, climbed into the driver's seat without much ceremony. But, as she watched the blonde buckle herself in, the blue-haired girl was brought up short by a hand gripping her wrist gently. Glancing back at Roxanna with a curious frown, who had taken hold of Claudia as well, the older woman just offered an odd, almost mysterious smile as she led them around to the back of the car.

“Let us make the trip a bit more interesting, shall we?” the olive-skinned woman announced as she reached their destination and let both of the girls go.

Brow furrowed curiously, Brianna could not help but ask, “What do you mean, mistress?”

At first it did not seem like Roxanna would answer as the woman opened her purse and began to search for something, but a moment later a triumphant grin flashed across her face as she pulled out two pairs of handcuffs, “Just a little game to set the mood, *korítsi*.”

Blushing at the sudden wave of excitement that assaulted her, the thought of who might be watching only adding to the thrill, Brianna said nothing, could say nothing, as Claudia returned their mistress's grin and held up both of her wrists in supplication, “Sounds like fun, mistress.”

“Behind your back, *gatáki*.” Roxanna admonished, gently, a faintly playful lilt never leaving her tone.

Bowing her head submissively, Claudia obeyed, turning around and holding her clenched hands together at the small of her back, “Like this, mistress?”

Roxanna hummed in appreciation, “Very good, very good indeed.” and, without much fanfare, cuffed the tattooed girl before turning her dark brown gaze in Brianna's direction, “And you, *korítsi*?”

Shivering just a bit, and not fully trusting her voice, the blue-haired girl nodded and clasped her hands behind her back as she closed her eyes, “Yes, mistress.”

For the briefest of moments nothing seemed to happen but then, all of a sudden, Brianna gasped as the familiar click of the cuffs fastening around her wrists reached her ears and the touch of cool metal against her skin finally registered. Biting her lip against the familiar thrill of being bound, especially out in the open like this, the blue-haired girl tested her restraints gently and, finding them utterly inescapable, slowly opened her eyes and smiled. Returning that smile, Roxanna took her gently by the shoulders and guided her into the back seat of the car with some difficulty. Squirming just a bit to find the most comfortable position to sit in as her mistress buckled her in, Brianna just watched as the door was closed and it was Claudia’s turn to be led around to the other side of the car to join her. Climbing in with much more grace, as if she had done this before, the tattooed brunette settled into her seat without issue and in a matter of moments Roxanna fastened her seat belt and shut the door. Glancing over at the other girl, who grinned at her, Brianna watched as her mistress limped around the front of the car and managed to lower herself stiffly into the passenger's seat next to Sofia. Only then did the blonde finally start the engine and glance back over her shoulder.

“Everyone comfortable?” she asked, with a tiny grin and a familiar, playful tone.

Twisting back and forth once or twice to test her confinement, Claudia nodded with a wide grin of her own, “Yes, mistress.”

A touch more demurely, Brianna turned just slightly to the side to take some of the pressure off her wrists before offering a nod of her own, “Yes, mistress.”

Nodding firmly, smile never leaving her face, Sofia glanced over at her lover, who returned that smile with a small nod of her own and shifted the car into reverse before smoothly backing out of the driveway. As they began to make their way down the road and out of the neighborhood the atmosphere became oddly silent. No conversation, no music from the radio, nothing but the quiet purr of the engine, the rumble of tires on asphalt and the sound of wind rushing past the windows to interrupt her thoughts. Even so, it was a comfortable enough silence and as she slumped slightly in her seat, Brianna leaned back and glanced out the window as they drove, watching the familiar copse of hickory trees next to her mistresses’ house go by. It was strange, but she had always associated those trees with home even as a young child and even now the sight never failed to make her smile. Of course now it also elicited the faintest of blushes as she remembered all the things she and Sofia had done while deep in those woods. For all that they seemed impossibly thick, however, the trees gave way quickly enough to grassy fields and carefully cultivated crops, the vibrant greens of late summer coming alive beneath the light of the sun as it began its long, slow journey over the horizon, painting the world in vivid shades all the while.

As she watched the scenery go by, eyes drawn to the occasional lone tree or distant farm house amid the wide open spaces, Brianna felt herself smile as she drifted away. Lulled into a sense of quiet contemplation by the slow drive and familiar surroundings. How many times had she traveled these roads, either by herself or with Claudia or even with her family when she was younger to say nothing of the occasional bus trip from school or those times when she and Sofia went shopping for groceries? Dozens? Hundreds? More? She could not even begin to guess. And yet, despite the utter familiarity of every twist and turn she could not help but feel an almost child-like sense of wonder as well, a feeling as if she was embarking on some grand adventure into the world. It was ludicrous in a way, especially in the face of all that she had seen and done, how much she had grown and changed from the person she had been even just a few shorts years ago. A trip into town shouldn't even begin to compare but, as she pondered that mystery, the blue-haired girl tore her eyes away from the scenery and glanced up to where her mistresses were sitting, Sofia perched behind the wheel, posture radiating casual confidence as she clasped hands with Roxanna, smiling faintly beside her. A smile graced her own lips at the sight and, casting her gaze further back, to where Claudia sat with her hands cuffed behind her back, body practically vibrating with excitement, that smile only broadened. Perhaps… Perhaps the destination didn’t really matter, and maybe the journey didn’t either. Maybe all that really mattered were the people you chose to walk beside.

Noting the far off look on her face, Claudia raised a questioning brow and, shaken out of her contemplation, Brianna blushed ever so slightly at the attention. Grinning, the tattooed girl practically slumped to the side, leaning against her companion's body and rested her head on the blue-haired girl's shoulder. Caught by surprise, Brianna could not help but grin a bit in return, hazel eyes twinkling with amusement as she adjusted her position as best she could and turned to kiss the slightly smaller girl on the crown of her head before pillowing her cheek against that mass of messy brown hair with a sigh. Glancing up again as Claudia snuggled against her, the blue-haired girl caught sight of Sofia's arctic gaze watching them through the rear view mirror, but the blonde simply winked and said nothing, though she did gently squeeze Roxanna’s hand, prompting the olive-skinned woman to look over her shoulder at the pair of bound girls and offer a gentle smile of her own. Relaxing against Claudia’s body and letting out a sigh as she basked in the sense of warmth filling her, Brianna returned the older woman’s smile gratefully and just watched quietly out of the corner of her eye and the seemingly endless green slowly began to give way to all the signs of civilization.

Quickly enough the fields yielded to houses, first in small clusters and then whole neighborhoods before apartment buildings, gas stations and scattered stores began to pop up with increasing regularity. And yet, Brianna could not help but note that many of the buildings she did see were far more ornate than she would have expected. Steeply slanted roofs, large porches, shuttered windows and other touches that would have seemed out of place in the parts of the city she was familiar with. It was then that she realized that this was a part of town she had never seen before. Lifting her head to get a closer look, and disturbing Claudia from her quiet lull with a pout, the blue-haired girl ignored her for the moment and again turned her attention to the window, eyes darting across the passing neighborhoods as she wondered where they were and what it could mean.

Roxanna, it seemed, noticed the movement and against glanced over her shoulder, “See something interesting, *korítsi*”

A bit startled by the sudden speech, Brianna started slightly and turned toward the woman, “Where are we, mistress?”

“We are taking the scenic route, as they say.” Sofia provided, never once taking her eyes from the road.

“The old part of town.” Roxanna added at the blue-haired girl’s look of confusion, “Or what is left of it. Before all of our times, of course, but I have always found such glimpses into the past fascinating. And besides,” she smiled ever so slightly, “one should try new things when on a date, should they not, *korítsi*?”

A tiny blush flashed across Brianna’s cheeks as that *smile* did things to her she very much liked, but she nodded absently as she caught a glimpse of a particularly large, if somewhat rundown, building and wondered if it might be worth biking out here with a sketch pad sometime. Quickly tearing her eyes from the sight, she turned her head to meet her mistress’s gaze and offered a tiny smile of her own, “Yes, mistress. Thank you.”

Smile never leaving her face, Roxanna reached back and gently cupped the blue-haired girl’s cheek, “You are very welcome, *korítsi*.”

“I believe that we are not too far from your stomping grounds now that I think about it, *kotenok*.” Sofia interjected into the conversation, again glancing at Claudia in the mirror, “Is it good to be home?”

Claudia, who had been quiet up until now, seemed to sink just a bit into the seat and a faint, almost brittle smile twisted her thin lips, “It is. But, I…” she seemed to hesitate for the barest of seconds before admitting, softly, “It gets lonely sometimes.”

The almost playful atmosphere in the car cooled in an instant and for a heartbeat no one said or did anything, as if unsure of how to proceed in the face of that revelation. Just as suddenly Roxanna withdrew her hand from Sofia’s and unfastened her seat belt to lift herself up and turn in her seat, wincing as she drew her knees up under herself but pressing on despite that. A tinge of sorrow in her deep brown eyes, the woman reached back to gently cup Claudia’s face, lifting the girl's chin and gently stroking her cheek with the pad of her thumb. For another moment, perhaps two, she said nothing, just offered the physical comfort of her touch before a tiny, sad smile graced her lips.

“I am so sorry, *gatáki*.”

Although clearly relaxing into that touch, Claudia blinked in surprise at the words, as if unsure she'd heard correctly before venturing, “It's okay, mistress.”

“No, it is not.” Roxanna insisted with a tiny shake of the head, “We love you, *gatáki*. Our time together has been some of the best years of my life, but we have been neglecting you. Can you ever forgive us?”

“Of course, mistress!” Claudia answered, quickly, shaking her head ever so slightly despite the hand still stroking her face, “But, you don't need to apologize, you haven't been neglecting me.”

Despite that, Roxanna's sad smile did not fade, “It is kind of you to say, *gatáki*. But, if we have left you feeling so bereft, then the fault is ours.”

“You can join us, if you like, *kotenok*.” Sofia offered, smiling faintly as if trying to lighten the atmosphere, “I am certain that Brianna would not mind a roommate. Wouldn’t you, my dear?”

Shocked out of her own stupor, Brianna nodded vigorously, “Absolutely.”

Claudia flashed a brief smile, but shook her head again even as she leaned forward to press against Roxanna’s hand, “It’s not that, mistress. I like my job, I like living on my own but, I don’t know. It just… it just feels like things are changing.”

That statement brought to mind for Brianna some of the idle thoughts she’d had weeks ago now, that the once casual relationship that Claudia had with their mistresses was growing more serious as time went by, that the four of them were growing closer together and that a new dynamic was slowly emerging as a result. Feeling a twinge in her own heart at the realization that she might bare some of the blame as well, Brianna twisted sharply to unfasten her own seat belt and scooted across the seat as best she could to mold her body against Claudia’s side, for the first time she could remember truly cursing being bound as she desperately wanted to hug the other girl.

Still, once she settled into place the blue-haired girl put on what she hoped was a playful smile, “Well then, maybe when the semester starts I can move in with you.”

Claudia actually grinned, her expression lightening for a moment before she lifted a brow questioningly, “I don’t know, that's an awful long commute.”

“Not that long.” Brianna countered, “Or are you going to tell me you didn’t take the scenic route yourself the first time you took me home."

Smile widening, with a faint blush on her cheeks, Claudia said nothing. She couldn’t deny it, after all.

“Well in that case, we had better make certain to keep the both of you belted.” Roxanna interjected with a smile of her own, not entirely serious but not completely joking either, “I fear you would never make it to class again otherwise, *korítsi*.”

It was Brianna’s turn to blush, certainly not able to deny that either and not exactly hating the idea in any case, “Yes, mistress. Whatever you like.”

With that, the comfortable silence from earlier seemed to return and for another few heartbeats they just stayed like that, as if unwilling to move and risk breaking the moment. Eventually though, with a smile and a final glance at Claudia, silently promising that they would talk about this more later, Roxanna withdrew her hand and settled back into her seat with a soft groan as her body protested the position she’d forced it into earlier. In response, Sofia reached out and once more took her lover’s hand, flashing a grateful smile into the rear view mirror as she did. Still cuddled up against the slender, tattooed brunette next to her, Brianna returned that smile as best she could before resting her head on her companion’s shoulder while the scenery outside slowly but surely grew more familiar, the old residential neighborhoods they had been passing through giving way to the familiar shops and business of downtown. After perhaps ten more minutes of negotiating traffic and slipping around a dizzying array of corners, Sofia at last seemed to find what she was looking for and turned into a small parking lot, a handful of other cars scattered about widely but mostly empty despite that.

By the time they parked some of the earlier excitement had returned and, as her mistresses slowly exited the car and made their way to the back doors, a part of Brianna wondered if she was about to be paraded about town in handcuffs. It was a mortifying thought but, if she were being honest with herself, it wasn’t exactly an unpleasant thought either and a familiar flush of arousal seemed to coil in her gut before settling between her legs. By the time Sofia finally opened her door and leaned in to help her out, the blue-haired girl was practically squirming in place, a blush on her cheeks at the way her now hard nipples were clearly visible through the thin material of her dress. The blonde did not comment, though the sly grin she flashed certainly betrayed the truth of the matter, as she reached in and took Brianna by the shoulders, turning the girl ever so slightly to unlock her cuffs. While part of her was disappointed by that fact, as Brianna reflexively rubbed her wrists she could admit that it was honestly probably for the best. You might be able to get away with parading a pair of bound and collared girls around in a place like Delirium, but out in the middle of the street in the middle of the day? Not so much.

A girl could dream though.

Her mistress offering a hand snapped her out of that daydream and, with a smile, Brianna accepted, careful all the while to keep her skirt pressed down as the blonde pulled her out of the car and onto her feet. Immediately wrapping the athletic woman in a one armed hug, which Sofa returned, and pressing up against her side the blue-haired girl almost smirked as she took the opportunity to slide her hand into her mistress's back pocket. The blonde did not react immediately to being groped but a crooked, vulpine grin twisted her own lips a split second later and something flashed in those bright, sky blue eyes as she pulled the smaller girl into a kiss. Brianna closed her eyes as she accepted the kiss eagerly, moaning as a strong tongue plundered her mouth for all it was worth and feeling her knees go weak as those full lips practically branded her with an invisible and yet indelible mark of ownership. By the time they finally came up for air, grinning at each other and Brianna’s hand still very much in the older woman's back pocket, Roxanna and Claudia, arm in arm, had circled the car to join them.

“Do you need a moment, *stríngla*?” the olive-skinned woman teased softly, the faintest hint of a smile on her face.

Sofia chuckled deep in her throat and shook her head, “No, I do not think that will be necessary, *dorogaya*. Just being… friendly.”

Limping up to Sofia’s other side, pulling Claudia along behind her, Roxanna did not comment further. Instead she gently prodded the others to follow as she headed toward the sidewalk. And with that they simply began to wander down the roads in a seemingly random manner. She wasn’t certain, but Brianna thought that they weren’t too far from Claudia’s apartment, though even so she didn’t really recognize any of the myriad buildings they passed and honestly didn’t care to ask. It was all part of the adventure, after all, and it was nice just walking and talking, sharing idle chit chat with her lovers and passing the time with small talk that faded from her memory almost as quickly as it was said. It was a simple thing, but it made her smile just spending time with the people she loved and doing something different. Besides, along the way she learned more than a few things she hadn’t expected such as the name of a boutique where Sofia liked to buy her clothes or an antique store that had been the source of many of Roxanna’s more curious knickknacks as well as a little thrift shop where Claudia had found any number of odd things like the cloak stuffed into her front closet. They didn’t stop to buy anything, or even really go inside any of the shops much, but Brianna found her smile growing regardless as they window shopped for what felt like hours. More than that, though, the blue-haired girl could not help but feel a rising sense of excitement and a faint flush across her cheeks as she noticed the curious eyes they were attracting. Oh, they weren’t really doing anything in particular, but from the frequent smiles and pet names, to the affectionate touches and the collars both she and Claudia wore openly, to say nothing of the fact that they freely called the older women they were walking with ‘mistress’ without the slightest hesitation it was inevitable that people would notice despite the relatively thin crowds.

And that? That touched something deep within her.

Despite the faintest hint of embarrassment as she wondered what the people they passed must be thinking, or if they noticed she wasn’t wearing any underwear, all of that was slowly being drowned out by a growing sense of arousal. Brianna had long ago accepted the fact that she was something of an exhibitionist, but it was not a kink she had ever really indulged except in very limited ways for fairly obvious reasons. And while she knew that this was incredibly tame, barely even exhibitionism really, just the thought of being out here and openly affectionate with her lovers while wearing her mistresses’ collar? Well, she really wasn’t certain what it was she felt, but she liked it.

Lost in her thoughts, and idle fantasies, Brianna did not immediately notice when Sofia nudged her off the sidewalk to follow the group into a small side lot. Looking up when she felt more than heard her boots strike loose gravel, the blue-haired girl was taken off guard when she saw them approach a nondescript looking building of painted brick. She guessed it was a shop of some sort given the size and location, as well as the large display windows facing the street, but oddly enough those windows seemed to be blacked out and while there was clearly lettering of some sort painted on the glass she was at the wrong angle to read any of the words. Glancing up at her mistress curiously, the blonde just grinned at her with amusement dancing in those brilliant blue eyes but offered no answers as Roxanna guided them to a plain side entrance and carefully pried open the scuffed steel door. Having no choice but to enter as Sofia stepped inside, her arm still wrapped firmly around the younger girl’s waist, Brianna blinked a few times at the contrast of bright afternoon sun and the darkened interior of the buildings, her eyes struggling to adjust. When they did, however, the blue-haired girl gasped in surprise, her feet practically rooted in place as she tried to take in what she was seeing.

The building was bigger on the inside than she would have expected, but it still felt cramped given the myriad shelves, displays and mannequins scattered about beneath the subdued lighting while on the far side of the interior she could see that a section had been partitioned off, though the counter was nowhere to be seen amid the controlled chaos strangely enough. But none of that was what really drew her eye. No, the thing that made Brianna stop dead in her tracks, wide-eyed and with an almost fierce blush across her cheeks was the seemingly endless array of bondage and fetish gear on display.

Taking advantage of the girl’s distraction, Roxanna slipped alongside her with surprising grace and leaned down to ask in a low voice, “Like what you see, *korítsi*?”

Startled out of her stupor, still blushing fiercely, though more in arousal than anything else, Brianna looked up at the older woman, “Where are we?”

It was Sofia’s turn to answer, chuckling softly under her breath, “Well, our toys had to come from somewhere, after all, *devushka*.”

“It occurred to us, *korítsi*," Roxanna continued, not giving the blue-haired girl time to answer, “that while you have greatly enjoyed exploring our collection, we have never allowed you a hand in expanding it.”

“Surprise.” Sofia added with a smile.

“You didn’t… I mean, you don’t…" Brianna gaped, struggling to find the words before letting out a sigh and smiling, “Thank you.”

“You are very welcome, *korítsi*.” Roxanna returned before planting a soft kiss on her cheek, “Now, let us browse and see where the imagination takes us.”

Glancing up at the olive-skinned woman, Brianna nodded, “Yes, mistress.”

“And you, *kotenok*?” Sofia asked as she turned her eyes to Claudia, “Are you ready for a bit of… exploration?”

“I was born ready, mistress.” the slender girl answered firmly, a broad grin practically splitting her lips.

Breaking apart into pairs, the four meandered into the maze of aisles, slowly perusing the wares, a potent mixture of embarrassment and delight undercut by a trace of arousal slowly filling Brianna’s mind. While she was familiar with most of the toys on display, either through personal experience or from her many sojourns online, it was still a fascinating experience to see such exotic things on display in such a mundane fashion, like goods on a shelf which, she supposed to be fair, they were. Suddenly, as they were passing a set of plugs and inserts in various shapes and sizes, some of which boggled the mind, Sofia tugged on her wrist gently, breaking the blue-haired girl out of her introspection once again.

“What do you think of this one, *devushka*?” the blonde asked while gesturing at a shelf with her free hand.

Casting her gaze in that direction, Brianna’s eyes fell on a modestly sized butt plug of smoothly polished stainless steel. It was perhaps a touch larger than ones she had previously tried, but what caught her attention was the fact that the base was not round but rather terminated in a heart-shaped disk set with what looked like a large faceted ruby, though she knew it was almost certainly glass or maybe plastic. Feeling a familiar pink tinge rush to her cheeks, Brianna almost shyly met Sofia's gaze.

“It's cute.” she admitted.

Catching the girl in a loose embrace, the blonde grinned down at her, “Would you wear it for me, *devushka*?”

Brianna could not help but shiver, a bolt of arousal shooting down her spine at the proposition. She imagined that the strangely shaped base might make it a bit trickier than normal plugs, awkward and maybe a touch uncomfortable to sit down. As well, the size was a little daunting though at the same time she was growing to appreciate the unexpected pleasure of having things inserted into her ass, especially when she was belted. Still, the thought of wearing it at Sofia’s request, or better yet at her *command*, was not an unpleasant one.

Blush darkening, she managed a tiny nod, “Yes, mistress. I would wear it for you.”

Grin sharpening and a sparkle of delight in her eyes, Sofia snatched the toy off the shelf, “Well then, we shall have to put that to the test.”

“Now?” Brianna blurted out, eyes widening in shock at the thought and quickly glancing left and right to see if anyone was watching.

That made the blonde laugh out loud as she shook her head, “No, *devushka*, not now.” she winked then, “I will let it be a surprise.”

Blushing now out of embarrassment at her outburst, Brianna said nothing as her mistress, still chuckling a little under her breath, led her across the aisle to where Roxanna and Claudia were perusing a collection of gags in every conceivable shape and size. However, as they approached, the blue-haired girl noted that the pair were deep in discussion as they focused their attention on one gag in particular. It was a ball gag of mottled purple and black rubber with a single dark leather strap trailing from either end, nothing particularly unusual, but what made it stand out was just how big it looked dangling there. An attached tag announced it as three inches in diameter and Brianna almost gasped in surprise. She'd worn a two and a half inch gag on more than one occasion, and while it was certainly a tight fit she'd enjoyed the challenge of it. In her mind an extra half an inch didn’t sound like that much, but the sight of the absolutely enormous thing certainly made her think twice.

“I’m sure I could take it.” Claudia insisted as they finally got close enough to hear the conversation.

“I know that you have a big mouth, *gatáki*.” Roxanna conceded with an amused half smile, “But are you certain you are not biting off more than you can chew?”

Even if the olive-skinned woman was mostly teasing, Claudia could be stubborn at times as well and dug her heels in with a nod, her voice firm and radiating absolute confidence, “I’m sure, mistress.”

A change seemed to come over Roxanna's demeanor and her smile widened, tinged with something wicked, “Completely certain, *gatáki*?”

There was the briefest moment of hesitation, as if the change of tone had caught her off guard, but Claudia nodded again regardless, “Absolutely, mistress.”

“Then I suppose I have no choice but to put you to the test." Roxanna announced with a nod of her own as she took the ball gag down from the pegboard before grabbing an identically sized ring gag, the shiny stainless steel coated in black rubber to protect the teeth, hanging next to it, “Besides, if we are going to stretch your jaw we may as well get some use out of it.”

It was Claudia’s turn to blush, both at the suggestion and at the realization that maybe she shouldn’t have insisted, but still the girl nodded with a tiny smile on her thin lips as if she didn’t really mind, “Yes, mistress.”

Roxanna’s smile grew warmer as she looked up, noting Sofia and Brianna’s approach, “Ah, *stríngla*. Find anything interesting?”

“Indeed we did, *dorogaya*.” Sofia answered with a grin of her own as she walked up to her lover’s side, “And it would seem that you have as well.”

A faint smile was Roxanna's only reply as she handed over the gags before turning her attention to Brianna, “And I spotted something that might interest you as well, *korítsi*.”

Regarding the woman with a curious look, Brianna asked, “What is it, mistress?”

Gesturing to the display behind her, Roxanna plucked another gag from the rack and held it up for inspection. It was much more complex than the others, a harness of leather straps that would fit around the head and under the chin but rather than run up either side of the nose in a triangle like other harness gags she had worn, Brianna noticed that this gag included a band across the forehead and straps down the cheeks to tie everything together. While that was curious enough, what really stood out to the blue-haired girl’s eye was the thick metal bit, bent pack in the center to press the tongue down, that formed the main body of the gag itself and a pair of leather blinders that would block the wearer’s peripheral vision. Not just a gag, but an actual bridle and Brianna felt a new flush of excitement spread across her face and down her chest as she ran her eyes over the thing, imagining wearing it.

“I recalled how much you enjoyed your first time with a bit-gag.” Roxanna added, smiling at the blue-haired girl's expression, “So I thought you might appreciate something a little more… ornate.”

Glancing up from the gag to her mistress’s face, Brianna blush deepened a little as she recalled that day not so long ago when she had been left helplessly hogtied on her bed with a bit shoved between her teeth. While it had been overshadowed by other revelations that day, she did not think she would ever forget the flush of pleasure that had washed over her or the images of ponygirls that her imagination had conjured up. She also remembered, later that evening, sharing her thoughts and fantasies with her mistresses, not out of any real expectation that they would become reality but rather as a way to explore her desires beneath the gentle touch and soothing encouragement of the women she loved. She had not really thought about those idle musings since, to be perfectly honest, but now, with a taste of that fantasy presented before her? The blue-haired girl found that to be very pleasant indeed.

Smiling softly, Brianna finally nodded after a long moment, “Yes, mistress. It was a lot of fun.”

“Would you like it, then?” Roxanna asked, plainly.

“No, mistress, I… I couldn’t.” Brianna protested, halfheartedly

The olive-skinned woman pressed a finger to her lips, cutting her off, “It is no trouble, *korítsi*.” she smiled softly, “It is for our pleasure as much as yours.”

Although still blushing, Brianna could not help but smile brightly, a warm feeling in her chest, “Thank you, mistress.”

“No need for that, *devushka*.” Sofia interjected while gently taking the bridle and adding it to her small collection, “We cannot let Claudia have all the fun, can we?”

Claudia stuck her tongue out playfully at that jab and Brianna could not help but laugh ever so softly at her antics even as she smiled at Sofia in thanks and reached out to give Roxanna a hug. Accepting the embrace with a smile of her own, the olive-skinned woman just held her close for a moment or two before they once again began to wander through the aisles, seemingly at random. They weren’t really looking for anything in particular it seemed, just occasionally pointing out specific pieces of gear and playfully suggesting what they might do when them, until Claudia happened upon a pair of toy cat ears made of red-orange fur with white tufts and a bit of mottled black, and slipped them onto her head.

Grinning while lifting and curling her hands against her chest, the slender girl struck a pose as she turned to the others, “What do you think?”

"You look adorable, *gatáki*.” Roxanna complimented as she reached out to stroke the soft, tufted fur, “They suit you.”

Smile widening, Claudia cocked her head ever so slightly to rub against the older woman’s hand, actually purring deep in her throat like an overly large cat enjoying the affections of its owner. Despite the innocent, almost playful nature of the display Brianna could not help but feel her blush return. She certainly agreed with her mistress that the look suited the girl and, while she thought those were probably supposed to be fox ears, more than once she’d compared Claudia to a cat in her own mind, especially given the positions the tattooed brunette often contorted herself into as she slept. Watching her play like this, however, with a collar around her throat? That somehow seemed so much more intimate.

“Perhaps this would complete the look, *dorogaya*.” Sofia cut in, holding up a black rubber plug with a long fur tail that matched the ears dangling from it, “What do you say, *kotenok*? Fancy being our pet?”

Disentangling herself from Roxanna’s touch, the tattooed girl took the tail and ran her hand down the fur while gripping the plug tightly, as if testing the size and firmness of the rubber cone before grinning, “Might be fun, mistress.”

Sofia chuckled and swept Claudia into a one-armed hug, “Well then, *kotenok*, good thing I have always wanted a cat.”

Leaning into the embrace, Claudia perched up on her tiptoes to steal a kiss from the blonde, “I’m yours mistress, however you want.”

“Then I very much look forward to training you.” Sofia quipped with a grin.

“But mistress,” Claudia mock protested, “don’t you know you can’t train cats?”

Kissing the slender girl, much more forcefully this time, eliciting a soft moan as Claudia practically melted into the older woman, Sofia practically smirked, “Then it is a good thing I enjoy a challenge, no?”

Smiling at the display, Brianna said nothing, just watched as Claudia returned that smile and they resumed their wanderings. A moment later they reached the front of the store where a series of mannequins had been set up in an alcove by the blacked out windows, and Roxanna split away from the group to walk up to the display, evaluating it with a critical eye. Nodding to herself almost idly, the olive-skinned woman glanced at Brianna with a smile and beckoned her over. Curiosity written on her face, the blue-haired girl obeyed, and walked over to where the woman was standing.

Pointing to the mannequin in the center, Roxanna asked, “What do you think of that one, *korítsi*?”

Glancing at the figure, Brianna took in the harness it was wearing for lack of a better word before looking back at her mistress, “It’s certainly striking, mistress.”

And striking it was. Little more than a collection of black leather straps and shiny chrome rings with buckles here and there so the fit could be adjusted, the harness circled the mannequin’s torso in a complex web before running around the breasts and over the shoulders as well as between the legs to meet in the back, leaving the body almost entirely bare save for a tiny leather patch at the crotch.

Seemingly pleased with that answer, Roxanna continued, “Indeed, *korítsi*, and I think it would look marvelous on you.”

Brianna felt her face go red as she imagined wearing such a garment, the thought somehow more daunting than even being naked, and while she didn’t exactly hate the idea as the sudden pulse between her legs and the hardening of her nipples attested, the attached price made her balk, “Mistress, I… I couldn’t possibly ask you to…”

Silencing the protest with a soft, almost chaste kiss, Roxanna smiled ever so slightly, “No need for all that, *korítsi.* Consider it a late anniversary present, if you like. Just please tell me, do you like it?”

Brianna nodded ever so slightly, voice almost whisper-quiet, “I do.”

“Then it is yours.” Roxanna answered, simply.

“I…” a warm, thankful smile suddenly curled Brianna's lips as she met the taller woman's eyes, “Thank you, mistress.”

Distracted by the olive-skinned woman’s brilliant smile, she was completely caught off guard when Sofia's curvy, athletic and wonderfully warm body molded against her back and an arm circled her waist, pulling her close, “You are very welcome, *devushka*.”

Although starting slightly at the sudden contact, Brianna quickly relaxed into the loose embrace, leaning back ever so slightly against Sofia's sturdy form and letting out a soft and contented sigh, “You scared me, mistress.”

Smiling at that reaction, but not answering, Sofia rested her head on the blue-haired girl’s shoulder and gently stroked her hip, “What do you think, *dorogaya*?”

“I think that is enough excitement for now.” Roxanna answered plainly, a tiny and yet amused smile on her lips.

Sofia pursed her lips in thought for a moment before making a small noise of agreement, “You may be right.” Tiling her head ever so slightly, she whispered in Brianna's ear, “Wait here, *devushka*. And do keep Claudia company, won’t you?”

Shivering a little as that voice washed over her, a hint of warm breath tickling her ear, she nodded ever so slightly, “Yes, mistress.”

“Good girl.” the blonde murmured, before pressing a feather soft kiss to her cheek and finally letting go.

Whining ever so slightly at the loss of contact, Brianna watched her mistresses depart, disappearing back into the labyrinth of aisles, heading for the back of the shop, presumably to pay for their finds. Shaking her head, the blue-haired girl turned away from the sight to find Claudia a few paces away, perusing a collection of nipple clamps in more styles than she had even known existed. As the tattooed girl picked up one particularly cruel looking device, an ornate metal disk with a hole in the center surrounded by four adjustable screws with blunt ends in an 'X' pattern, Brianna slipped up behind her as quietly as she could and wrapped her arms snugly around that slender waist. Fumbling with the clamp as she gasped in surprise at the sudden contact, Claudia twisted as best she could in the blue-haired girl's grip and offered a mock glare, though one somewhat undercut by the faint smile curling her lips.

“Surprise.” Brianna offered.

Claudia snorted as she suppressed a laugh, “Goof.”

“Guilty as charged.” Brianna admitted with a grin before glancing down at the object still in the other girl's hand, “That looks painful.”

“I don’t know, being adjustable, it might not be too bad.” Claudia countered, turning the device over between her fingers, “But you’re probably right. You’d need to really be into clamps to use something like this.”

“And are you?” Brianna asked, curiously, “Really into clamps, I mean.”

“They can be fun sometimes.” Claudia offered with an almost mysterious smile, but refused to elaborate further.

A moment of silence passed, then a second, before Brianna finally ventured, “Hey, are you okay?”

“Yeah.” Claudia answered, confusion written on her face, “Why?”

“It’s just,” Brianna began, slowly, “about what you said earlier.”

The faintest tinge of pink colored the slender girl’s cheeks before Claudia looked away, “Oh, that. I’m fine, really, it’s just that…”

Tightening her grip as the other girl trailed off, Brianna offered a smile, “I was serious about my offer.”

That made Claudia glance over her shoulder again to look the blue-haired girl in the eye, “Really?”

“Really.” Brianna confirmed, “Dorm life sucks. Besides, waking up in your bed curled up together every morning sounds amazing, and now that I’ve got my bike the commute won’t be too bad.”

“You might reconsider that in the winter.” Claudia pointed out, “Or when it rains.”

“Then I’ll just have you drive me.” Brianna announced with a grin.

“High maintenance already.” Claudia teased with a bit of a grin before an almost wistful expression crossed her face and she reached down to clasp her free hand over Brianna’s, weaving their fingers together, “I’d like that.”

“Then it’s settled.” Brianna announced, before an almost sly grin curled her lips, “Even if we have to be belted to make sure we behave.”

Claudia barked out a laugh, “Don’t threaten *m*e with a good time.”

They both broke down in giggles then and they were still laughing a few moments later when their mistresses returned, Sofia carrying a large unmarked bag while Roxanna regarded the sight with open curiosity.

“Is someone willing to share the joke?” the olive-skinned woman asked.

“I guess,” Brianna began, “you kind of had to be there?”

Claudia quickly nodded her agreement and finally put the clamp back on the shelf, “Yeah mistress, it was kind of in the moment.”

“I see.” Roxanna said, even if a trace of confusion lingered in her voice as she looked back and forth between the pair before finally glancing at Sofia, who just shrugged, “In that case, are the two of you ready to go?”

“Yes, mistress!” Brianna affirmed, enthusiastically, as she released the slender, tattooed girl from her embrace, “Where are we going?”

“It is still a bit early to eat.” Sofia explained with a mischievous glint in her eye and a positively wicked grin on her face, “So we thought, what better way to kill time than to find a nice quiet place to… play with our new toys?”
