---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: London Holiday 2
authors:
- Rubber Doctor
tags:
- FF-m
- latex
- corset
- cd
- chast
- armbinder
- cuffs
- cath
- bond
- oral
- climax
- denial
- cons
- X
date: 2013-07-15 00:00:00
---

story continues from [part one](londonholiday.html)

**Part Two**

"I'll Have the car brought around" Linda said, using her cell phone.

"There's just one other thing" Mistress Linda said, "You're bigger and stronger than I, which isn't a problem here, with lots of other people around, but alone in the car ...."

"You don't have to worry, Mistress, I'll behave." I hastened to assure her .

"I think you will, but just to be sure, turn around, hands behind you, palm to palm .."

I quickly did as ordered, and felt a leather strap pulled tightly around my wrists.

"That's good but this will be better," she smiled, pulling one of her purchases from a bag. I got a glimpse of heavier red rubber before I felt it slide up my arms and heard it being zipped, pulling my lower arms, then elbows closer together. Two more heavy rubber straps were added above the elbows and wrists, as well as straps over my shoulders securing the armbinder in place.

"Ohhh, that's very tight, I'm sure I can't get loose!" I said, unnecessarily,
tugging at this very erotic addition.

"Of course, and it seems to be quite a turn-on for you!" she giggled,
noting the increased activity of the straining bulge in my rubber crotch reacting!

"And I know this is also," she smiled as she lit a cigarette, the shiny black latex of her gloves contrasting sensuously.

Unconsciously, I licked my painted lips, and groaned. Mistress Linda was still laughing as the female valet delivered her beautiful big car - shiny black, of course! The valet opened the driver's door for her, accepting the generous tip, then ran around to open my door with a knowing smile.

As I was seated, Linda said, "Could you just put this around 'her' ankles?" passing a velcro strap to the valet. I saw another $10 bill folded around the strap.

"My pleasure, Ma'am," replied the lady valet, quickly securing my booted ankles and giving me a cheeky knowing grin. I had a feeling that she would enjoy accompanying us! The Mistress leaned over and snapped the blindfold on my mask, "Just a precaution!" she laughed as again, my trapped cock reacted.

After what seemed like 15 or 20 minutes, during which my Mistress used her car phone to call and tell someone that 'we'd be there in a few minutes, I wondered who, and what sex, person would be waiting..

The car slowed, turned, hesitated for about ten seconds for what I assumed was a gate opening, then accelerated a bit, entering a garage. I could hear the door coming down. Somebody opened my door, and released my ankles, assisting me out of the car. I smelled perfume and thankfully imagined it was a woman. She verified my thought by removing the blindfold - a lovely younger lady - I guessed a daughter - giggled as she looked me over.

"Very nice selection!" she laughed.

"Thank you... now you'll have a training partner," Linda smiled, "but for now, your cath expertise is probably needed."

To me she said, "This is Lea, my wildest daughter, and a recent nursing college graduate, Lea, this is Ned."

"Congratulations on your graduation, Lea, most nurses I know aren't also beautiful!"

"Flattery will get you almost everywhere," Lea giggled, "but for now, not an escape from the cath and being gagged!"

Not
having ever had a 'cath', I didn't fully appreciate what she meant.

"Lea is a huge gag fan, both wearing and applying - she even occasionally gets me." Linda commented.

Lea again snapped on the blindfold, then I felt a something pressed against my painted lips. Without having to be told, I opened my mouth and a ball gag was shoved in, then strapped tightly behind my hood. Next I felt my rubber slacks being unzipped, and briefs pulled down....

"Well, now, look at this," I heard Lea say, "A chastity! A bit of a challenge, but I think it can be done without disturbing that ..."

I felt movement there, then a strange almost pain as something slid into my cock, then deeper. "MMFFF" I gasped, muffled by the gag.

Lea
quickly inflated a small internal balloon keeping the catheter in place, and attached a catch bag by rubber straps just above my knee.

"There, now, that wasn't so bad, was it?" she asked rhetorically.

"MMMPH!"
as my full bladder released, and I felt the hot pee against my thigh as it filled the catch bag.

Next I felt the armbinder being loosened, then pulled off and my wrists released too by the Mistress as Lea reluctantly removed the gag and pulled off the blindfold.

"Well now, what do you think? Enjoying your holiday?" Mistress Linda asked.

"Oh yes," I replied enthusiastically, "It's like a life-long fantasy is being fulfilled - I think I'm in love ... with two ladies!"

"That's so nice... you've earned a little relaxation. Lea, could you bring some wine?"

"Of course.." replied Lea.

As she walked away, I got an unimpeded look at her, wearing a semi-transparent pewter colored long-sleeved, figure enhancing dress, with shiny black gloves and ballet knee boots which she walked in effortlessly. Fabulous! I complimented Linda on her lovely daughter.

"Thank you... she's a wonderful daughter, we have a great time together, and she's picked up mother's kinks for her own... amazing, really." the Mistress beamed, "she's about 7 years your junior".

"Really? I would have guessed younger" I said, smiling.

Just then Lea returned, carrying a large tray with wine, glasses, and a cigarette box. We all helped ourselves to both. Lighting up, Lea commented, "It's getting more unusual to see people smoking these days, but it can look so erotic, smoking while gloved".

"Exactly ... it's one of my favorite turn-ons..." I replied.

"Oh, that's obvious!" giggled Lea, as my moving crotch bulge gave me away! I blushed.

"It's getting late, so time for bed," Linda announced, "We'll have a fun day tomorrow. So goodnight..." She kissed Lea's cheek, and gave my 'boob" a squeeze as she left.

"OK - time to get you ready for bed .." Lea announced, taking my gloved hand in hers and leading me to a very nice bedroom on the second floor.

"I think we should loosen that corset a bit" she said, unlocking the small lock and doing so. I wondered when mother had given her the key...

"Take off the trousers and top" she ordered, and I did. "Just a minute..." she unhooked the tube to the catch bag and took it to an attached bathroom to empty, returning and reattaching the tube and bag. "The cath and chastity can stay in place.. " almost like she was thinking aloud. "Put these on.."

Handing me wrist cuffs. I did as she wrapped similar ones around my ankles, then pulling my booted legs apart and securing them that way with ropes under the mattress. There was adequate slack to shift around as I slept, but no way to get loose, the wrists were similarly tied. I could move my arms, but not up to my still-hooded face, or down to my crotch.

Lea
arranged a pillow under my head, pulled up a light blanket, kissed me lightly, said, "Goodnight, dear, sleep well" and left, with only a very dim light in the bedroom. It had been a busy day, and with the wine, I soon drifted off to sleep.

A slight rocking movement of the bed awakened me. The dim light seemed less clear, and there was a small scent of latex as I breathed. Then there was a tiny rustle and a weight pressed on my chest, just under my corset's 'boobs' another fragrance, stronger, assaulted my breathing ... I recognized... pussy!

"I couldn't get to sleep, just thinking of this.." I recognized Lea's quiet voice as she placed her gloved hand to cup my chastity device, "but I don't have the key, so the next best thing is this..." I felt the wetness of her pussy lips covering my mouth, the smell and taste so exciting!

"MMMM" I reacted, my tongue
moving to trace the lips, then slipping in and out shallowly, teasing.

"AHHH" Lea responded, her hips slowly moving, her hand again grasping my imprisoned cock and balls, so warm... then faster, her moan higher now, then her full weight covering my masked slippery face as her mighty orgasm consumed her! She must have realized that I was now struggling for breath, as she raised up quickly.

"Sorry!" she giggled, climbing down and kissing me more deeply. "See you in the morning" she whispered.

Now I felt hot pee filling my catch bag, not really the same, but enjoyable anyway...

(To be continued...)

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=932.0)
