---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Wrath 4
authors:
- T S Fesseln
tags:
- M-ff
- bond
- bdsm
- nipple
- toys
- kidnap
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**Wrath 3**](wrath3.html))

**Chapter 4**

The intruder looked down at his two bound lovelies and grinned. This weekend was going to be better than he had anticipated, but it was going to take a few more days to get the women ready for his client. After the girls had their lunch, he was going to have to call his client and let him know what was going on and what few changes might have to be made to their plans.

The women bound in front of him were indeed a sight to behold. The blonde, Cindy, had her wrists and elbows tied behind her back and her slender ankles cuffed. A wide, black leather collar encircled her throat and the rings glued onto her nipples were still in place. She continued to whimper into her gag as the weakening vibrator still hummed within her sex. She rocked her hips a bit, but the intruder knew that the woman was exhausted and spent from her orgasm.

Rachel, the tall and tanned brunette, was still struggling against her bonds. She too had had a wonderful orgasm while hogtied, but it had not weakened her as much as it had her friend. However, the struggles were meager and he guessed that another cum was just around the corner.

"Okay girls, it's time for me to play chef, so I am going to have to make sure you two are safe and sound while I get things ready."

Cindy felt the stranger help her up into a kneeling position. The combination of the pain and pleasure that whirled through her just moments ago had zapped any energy she had. She felt like a soggy puppet. The stranger reattached the binding between her wrists and ankles as she knelt.

"Okay, my lovely Cindy, I need you to open your knees again," the stranger whispered into her ear.

Weakly, the captive blonde did so almost robotically. She felt the strangers fingers caress around her sex slicked lips, sending more ripples of pleasure through her before not-so-gently pulling the humming vibrator out.

"Smell that," the man said to Cindy as he waved the vibrator under her nose, "That's you, Miss Cottrell! That tells me you are enjoying this. Are you enjoying this, Miss Cottrell?"

The blindfolded blonde nodded her head weakly.

Cindy screamed into her gag as the stranger twisted the ring glued to her nipple hard.

"I didn't hear you Miss Cottrell. Are you enjoying this?"

"Uhhh-huuuh," Cindy shouted into her gag, nodding her head violently.

"I thought you would say that," the man smiled, releasing her nipple, "Your pussy doesn't tell lies, my dear Cindy, so I am glad you didn't either. Now stay put just the way you are while I take care of your guest Rachel."

Rachel felt the stranger over her and she could feel his eyes almost dissecting her as she laid there.

"Now, my beautiful Mrs. Newark, you should know by now your bindings are too strong for you to escape from, come here you. . ."

The intruder lifted the brunette up to her knees and placed in front of her friend, Cindy. Rachel felt his warm hand reach between her legs and caress her pleasure-swollen lips slick with her arousal.

“You are about to cum again, I think, Mrs. Newark,” the stranger growled in her ear, “I can feel it in your warm skin as I touch you. . .”

The bound brunette felt his hand lightly caressing her bare skin; over her bare shoulders, down her sides and over the flat of her stomach. Her body responded by arching back towards him, mewling through her gag.

“Do you want to cum, Rachel?”

Rachel moaned and nodded her head. She indeed wanted to cum, to let her passion cocoon her away from what was happening to her. The fire had never really subsided much within her and now she felt it beginning to flare inside her furnace again.

The man grasped the vibrator and began to thrust it into her, slowly but forcibly. It was still humming and Rachel thrust herself back upon it. Faster and faster he fucked her with it as she felt the erotic fires starting to explode inside of her.

Then he pulled it out of her.

“You cum when I command you to cum, Mrs. Newark, and you are not allowed to right now. Later, maybe, if you are a good little girl. But for now, that will have to wait on other things.”

Rachel moaned her frustration as she felt herself being manhandled to just in front of Cindy. She could feel the heat of her skin as he forced the two bound women together, the metal rings glued to their nipples clinking together. Rachel could feel Cindy’s breathing and quiet tears and for a moment felt sorry for her.

“Stay there while I get a few things, ladies. Don’t move or I will be forced to do things I don’t really want to do.”

The brunette didn’t move. Her strength had been zapped from the race to the kitchen and her other struggles. What Rachel really feared is what was going to become of them after the plumber had his way with them. With both her and Cindy bound like they were, he could rape them all he wanted to and there wasn’t a thing that they could do about it.

“Good girl,” the stranger patted Rachel on the head.

The man had gotten four lengths of fine chain, the type used for leashes and such. Each had clips and rings on both ends. He carefully clipped one of the ends of each chain to each of the bound women’s nipple rings, tugging on it to make sure it would hold. Taking a hold of Cindy’s two chains, he eased the ends between Rachel’s legs and between the cheeks of her ass, pulling it tightly so the two lengths rested between Rachel’s swollen pussy lips. Keeping them taut, the man then pulled the chains up Rachel’s back and attached clipped them to her leather collar, forcing the brunette against her friend. The man repeated the process with Cindy. If one moved, the chain would rub within their sex as well as pull on each of their nipples.

“There. I think I can leave you two alone while I fix us some food.”

Just looking at the two, he wished he could fuck them both, but that was not in the contract. He could try to get away with it, but the people he was doing this for were intolerant at best and he could find himself in a whole world of hurt. No, better to carry the contract out and get paid; cherish the memories of what could have been.

Rachel pulled at her bonds a bit, quickly figuring out what was done to them as Cindy moaned into her gag. Rachel’s orgasm still lurked inside of her, undiminished by the removal of the vibe. Her sex was still sensitive and every link seemed to roughly stoke her embers. Rocking her hips a bit, she could feel the passion flaring again and she could tell by Cindy’s movements and sighs, that the same was happening to her as well.

‘Cum when I command you to cum.’ The man’s words continued to echo through Rachel even as she struggled to do just that. She was so close yet fear of what might happen to her kept her forcing it down inside her.

Cindy’s movements, however, were getting stronger, pulling on Rachel’s pleasure-ached nipples. Her hips pressed against Rachel’s as Cindy’s moans became more staccato.

‘Whack’

Cindy screamed in pain into her gag as the stranger whipped a leather flogger across her ass.

“Bad Girl, Miss Cottrell!”

Cindy cried as Rachel heard the flogger lash out again.

“No cumming until I tell you to, Miss Cottrell. How much more plainly can I tell you. Your friend Mrs. Newark knows how to pay attention why can’t you?”

Cindy only whimpered.

“Did you not understand me, Miss Cottrell?”

Cindy nodded her head.

“Yet you disobeyed me. I am VERY disappointed in you, young lady. I am going to have to punish you somehow, later. If you made me burn your lunch, it will be VERY painful for you. Now, DO NOT CUM! I need to get back to cooking. Do you understand, Miss Cottrell?”

Cindy whined and nodded her head again.

Rachel tried not to move much. She could feel Cindy’s sobs and well as the warm tears dripping onto Rachel’s breast. She did not want to be on the receiving end of whatever Cindy had whip her. But with each panting sob, the chain links rubbed between Rachel’s legs, teasing her orgasm to come out and play. It took all her will to fight it down.

‘Lunch is served, ladies,” the man declared.

The bound brunette felt the chains being unfastened and pulled away from her, piled to the side for now. She felt something clip to her collar and then tugged at. Rachel tried to shuffle behind as best she could on her knees until he stopped her. A moment passed and she could hear the stranger do the same with Cindy.

“I am going to un-gag you one at a time, ladies, so you can eat. One noise out of each of you, the gag goes back in and you will not have an opportunity to eat for the day. Do you understand?”

Both Rachel and Cindy nodded.

“Good. Since Mrs. Newark has been such a good girl, she will eat first.”

The stranger pulled the tape from her lips in a quick, ripping pain.

“Lean forward, Mrs. Newark.”

The brunette did as she was told until she could smell something good in front of her. The stranger had set a bowl down in front of her and now expected her to eat it as if she were a dog.

“Eat or go hungry, Rachel,” the stranger said, “I could care less.”

Tentatively, the bound woman took a bite. The man had prepared a warm chicken salad with chopped walnuts and apples and, to her amazement, quite good. Rachel nibbled at her plate, swallowing little bits at a time and gaining solace from respite from being dominated.

“Lick it clean,” the man said simply.

Rachel did the best she could, the plate scooting across the floor a bit. Finally, she felt a tug at her collar and she bent back up.

“Open wide,” the man said.

The brunette did not want to open wide, but she did so knowing that there was pain if she didn’t. A wide ball was stuffed between her lips behind her teeth. She could hear the ripping of tape as the strapped several strips over her lips again, sealing them silently.

“Good girl. After I feed Cindy, you can go have your orgasm. Would you like that Rachel?”

And Rachel slowly nodded her head, turning red. She did want to have her orgasm.

10.12.08

story continues in [**Wrath 5**](wrath5.html)

o0o
