---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Desert Chronicles
authors:
- Zephyr
tags:
- MF
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- oral
- sex
- breast
- gag
- tape
- spreadeagle
- basement
- blindfold
- public
- toys
- discovery
- cons
- rom
- XX
date: 2024-09-30 00:00:00
---

### 7: Basement

It was a crazy and dangerous thing he wanted to do. But she had always done that sort of thing.

Tony was military, young, 22, on a base far away from their home where they met and fell in love. Nel was a wild 20, on her own, a woman now, and visiting. They had both waited and they had both picked right back up where they had left off when he had left seven months ago. He wanted her to see where he was and to look at the city and environment where they would be living once they were married. She was more than happy to do this.

The base he was stationed at had been there for a while; most were. There were some old group housing, maybe BOQs, maybe temporary quarters. They would have been called six-family condos if they had them back in the 50s. She wasn’t sure, that was way before her time. What they were was thoroughly abandoned and while not in bad shape they were horribly outdated and no doubt waiting to be torn down and replaced with something useful. The straight line between the barracks and the quick stop took one through the set so it wasn’t entirely unusual to see people walking through the set of them going to the quick stop and back. It was easy to halfway through duck off the path and into them, but why bother?

They were on the way to the little quick-stop that was run by the military for the housing area and only a short walk away from the barracks complex where her boyfriend, who she fully expected to be her fiancée before she left, had a room. The modern military had enough space that the residents did not have to share rooms anymore, so she was safe to rack out with him in his room at night. All the other guys in the building knew she was there and nobody cared. She wasn’t a problem and no doubt they all enjoyed having a beautiful young woman with long jet-black hair and very white skin in their midst. Likely they had done the same or hoped they would and counted on the same support from their neighbors. As long as she wasn’t caught in the room alone during the week during the duty day, sleeping arrangements were not only no problem, for her they were downright delightful. Tony shared a bathroom and a shower with Harry, the guy in the next room, but he was cool and just said to lock the door to the joint entryway if she was in there so there were no accidents. She was sure grateful that she didn’t have to try to sneak a shower in a community shower area in a barracks full of young men, although there was a part of her that was wild enough to think it might be fun. All in all the trip was good and gave her a chance to check out the city where she would be living if they got married; no way in hell did she want to live on post.

The old condos, though. Wood construction which was not holding together all that well in the weather. They had basements, but once one got down the wooden stairs it was just small 10 x 20 areas for each of the units above sectioned off by spaced 2 x 4s with chicken wire walls, One time when the two of them were walking to the quick stop Tony had talked her into going in to show her. She had been reluctant; there were no signs forbidding entry but surely the military would not want anyone there, if nothing else because something might collapse in such an old, decrepit place. He told her he kept thinking about the basement as he showed her, and her in one of the storage spaces, tied spread-eagle and naked, waiting helpless while he went the remaining distance to the quick stop and came back, just lying there naked, and when he got back him fucking her hard and steady. After that he’d let her go and she’d get dressed and they’d go about their day.

It wasn’t the wildest thing she had ever done. It was up there but far from it. She had a VERY wild first boyfriend and Tony knew most of the juicy parts. She had done a lot of kinky things back then and Tony had his own set of interests more or less in the same direction which suited her. She loved Tony and thought he was the one; she wasn’t about to not do something with him she had done with others in her past. Fortunately some of the more outlandish things she had done didn’t interest him.

But this… Being left naked and helpless somewhere for a while was NOT an item on her bucket list. Getting fucked thoroughly by Tony afterward definitely was, so of course she’d do it, but well, ok, she guessed. He was wanting to do it later, Monday, after he got off duty. She said she’d think about it but might say no. She hated to say no, and if they were out in the middle of nowhere or even somewhere in town she probably would not have minded, but in the middle of a military base? She said she’d let him know.

She had flown in on the redeye the previous Thursday, had Friday morning in his room to rest. It was a little risky being in his room during the duty day; the barracks manager could check rooms at any time without warning but Fridays generally were easy days as inspections were completed earlier in the week. As it was, he got her from the airport, got her back to his room, and she barely had a chance to smile at him, much less anything better, before he had to go to work. She sighed discontentedly; after seven months and to have him in her arms and then he flits off, dammit. Well, she had until next Saturday night here, and there would be plenty of time for plenty of the things they both had been missing over that time.

First, just to satisfy her paranoia she snooped. Of course he had plenty of notice to purify things, but she knew from experience he wasn’t perfect at that. Twenty minutes of poking turned up nothing and she felt satisfied he had been doing just as he said and as she had: waited. Happily she turned her sight to his bed, that doubtless would smell like him and where she would be blissfully asleep in a little bit. Tony was going to try to get off duty at lunch time, but it might fall through. She debated, t-shirt or naked? Of course, she wanted him to come back to find her naked so they could get right to what she had been waiting for, but there was no absolute guarantee that it would be Tony coming through the doorway. It might be one of the dorm managers. They had discussed it; if she was found no doubt he would be called and she should just last through it and they’d get her a hotel room. Her sleeping in his bed wasn’t a court-martial offense, especially if they were engaged or about to be. With a devilish smile she left all her clothes at the side of the bed and climbed in. The bed happily did smell like the man she loved; It was divine and she was out like a light.

She awoke to the sound of a key in the door. Her first thought was “why in the hell am I naked” followed quickly by “and where in the hell am I?” It came back fast and she was aware again. She hoped fervently it was Tony at the door; if not she could wrap herself in the blanket until she could get properly dressed. If it was Tony... Either way her proper move was to pretend to still be asleep and she did so.

It was Tony. Oh goody! She closed her eyes, barely breathing and waited. He was quiet but his first touch was his lips to hers. She opened her eyes, laughed, tossed the blanket off and pulled him on top of her. No more waiting.

Afterward they drove into town for lunch at a high-end restaurant that rotated slowly one circuit an hour. She had worn a somewhat loose top and a ruffled very short miniskirt that showed miles of leg. She only had a week and then they expected it would be another six months; she was going to make as deep an impression as she could. They talked and he described the city to her. She had made it clear she wanted to live in the city; he had some thoughts about two or three different areas where they could find a house. It was the hardest thing to convince Tony that she’d live in a cardboard box as long as Tony was there with her. He should pick a place; If they turned out not to like it they could always move. They drove around and looked at each of the areas and did a general tour of the city before catching dinner and heading back for the barracks a little after dark.

They wound up drinking beer and playing pool in the barracks rec room on the first floor. They had played a lot of pool before he had joined the service. The city they came from was a one-horse town and even that horse was borrowed from the next town over. It did have a pool hall and the two of them had made much use of it. A bunch of people, some who were Tony’s co-workers, some who were just fellow residents, stopped in to say hello and to no doubt check out the cute babe with the long legs in a short skirt. Nobody really had any illusions about what was happening but it gave her a chance to meet people and to stoke a fire with Tony, and she knew just how to quench that fire when they got back upstairs. She had panties on under the skirt so there was no real risk. A few of the guys hung around and even joined a few games. Jerry was one of Tony’s coworkers, tall, sandy blonde hair, from Oklahoma and sounded like it but seemed to be a good guy. Allen was Tony’s best friend and teammate. He was about the same size and build as Tony, from somewhere on the eastern seaboard, and was very happy to meet the woman he had heard so much about. And yes, he like everyone else was drinking in her body like water in the desert. Jamie, James, was another co-worker, stayed around for a game which he lost to Tony and beat Nel, and then departed. After about one AM both Tony and Nel were pretty plastered and as was her way, Nel was getting daring and probably stupid. They both were relatively evenly matched at this point, so she upped the ante. Strip pool, the loser loses a piece of clothing of their choice. The first game Nel lost her bra, then when Tony won the second she looked around, The rec room had windows all around but nobody was around. She looked at him, hoping nobody could see them from outside. She had ducked into the bathroom to take off her bra; she just reached down and stripped out of her panties. She still hadn’t gotten them out of any of his and wanted at least one trophy before they ran upstairs. But she was out of things she could safely remove with open windows on a ground floor.

She was drunk enough to lose the next game. The hell with it; nobody was around and they could not see anyone in the parking lot. She was kind of scared but drunk enough to do it. Besides, she had thought it through when the idea was presented: She’d be gone in a week for another six months, but if she leaned over the pool table and held still; well, he’d be walking by the rec room every time he walked out of the barracks and see the pool table, guess what he’d be thinking? She really, really wanted that. Besides, she had been wanting to do it anyways for the last two hours – she bent over the pool table while Tony plowed her from behind. It was good drunk sex and she loved it; messy, scary, and fast. If anyone saw them they didn’t interfere.

The next day was Saturday. They did a little more touring, went to the city zoo and a few other places. Nel was in a solid white tight blouse, cutoffs, and the flip-flops she still almost always wore. She wore no bra under it and it was tight enough you could almost see an areole outline; nipples were no problem at all. It was a good day; she would have been happy shoveling manure next to her beloved. That afternoon was when Tony had taken her by the condos and pointed out the basement and made his proposal for later. She had blushed but had been somewhat turned on at the thought, reflecting that she had spent far too much of her life tied up helpless for sex and it appeared the man she really, really wanted to leave a good impression on had spent too much of his recent life thinking about this. She had then backed against one of the chicken wire walls, reached up and out and grabbed the wire wall with both hands. She told him if she moved either of her hands he was welcome to tie them back in place. That had been fun. Later that night found them back in the rec room drinking and playing pool again. The night was going well and they both were once again well on the way to drunk. Allen showed back up around 11 and with Nel in so little he showed every sign of wanting to stick around so he could get as long an eyeful as he could. Tony seemed to be ok with him staying so Nel didn’t complain. As they got drunk and talked Allen turned out to be somewhat recently deserted, lonely, and not a bad person. In a different world she would have taken a shot with him and it might not have been bad. Then again, maybe it was all the beers she had been drinking.

It was late, around 1:30, and nobody else had been seen for over an hour. Everyone was lit and the guys had long ago abandoned trying to be discreet about how they were gawking at her. She was fine with that from Tony, that was sort of the point. She was ok with that from Allen as long as he kept his manners and Tony didn’t object. Being drooled over by two guys was obviously good for her ego. The conversation was degenerating along with everyone’s sobriety and at times got dangerously risqué.

Tony accidently sank the eight ball early so he was out of the game. Allen looked at Nel and challenged her; said he wanted to raise the stakes. She of course was piqued and Tony was not objecting. Allen was drunk or he would have never even dared say it, but if he won she took off her top. Nel looked over at Tony who looked drunk enough to probably be wanting to see that too, the thought of her out here in public that way was of course a turn-on for him.

*No. Not going to do it. Not that drunk. And definitely not for anyone else other than Tony.* But the alcohol in her was undermining her too. There was one other option. “No, I won’t do that. But…” She wondered how this would go over with Tony. He was a pretty passive drunk. “I will give you a blow job if you win.” If Tony objected all he had to do was say no.

“Okay.” Allen slurred. But if I win you will do me topless and with your hands tied behind your back.” Nel’s head swam at that; just how much had Tony told Allen about her? Tony said and did nothing; if anything he seemed to be holding his breath. Nel held hers too for a few seconds, expecting Tony to shut that down but to her surprise he did nothing. Well, if he was willing to watch, maybe she would. Shouldn’t a good wife-to-be do what was pleasing to her husband, or husband-to-be? To hell with him. Nel, too drunk, shrugged and agreed.

She did honestly try. If she won and dodged this she was taking Tony and going to bed, Tony still didn’t seem to want to interfere, and Nel had to conclude to her shock he was willing to watch her blow his best friend. But she lost. Allen looked real happy and Tony still hadn’t made a sound. This was wrong; Allen was not her future husband, Tony was. Why didn’t he stop this?

She was really, really too drunk. She walked up to Allen, stopped three feet in front of him in that skin-tight shirt, nipples really standing out now. OK, nobody else cares. Keep your promises. “Take my shirt off me.” She told him. Tony seemed to want to watch, want a show. Oh, she’d deliver one hell of a show.

Allen started out by just grabbing her breasts through the shirt. It actually felt good to have someone grabbing and massaging them and not just the little movement in the shirt as she moved. She knew her most powerful move was to just stand and stare into Allen’s eyes while he did what he wanted. He kept going for over a minute, just squeezing them pleasantly and pinching her nipples which had been hard all night and were not getting any harder but Allan was sure trying. It was getting to her; dammit, right feeling, wrong person. And a little voice from deep inside giggled. Love the one you’re with. Tony is happy to watch. Weren’t you the one who was thinking three hours ago you’d fuck Allen if the cards had been right?

Finally he reached down and grabbed the hem of her shirt and raised it. She lifted her arms and he took it over her head and dropped in on the floor beside her and now she was topless facing the windows and with her now-bare back to Tony. Allen obviously had the best view but all the windows were open and the lights were on so anyone in the parking lot could see her too. She was too drunk to care, although a little part of her was, in fact, screaming in horror. She planned to ignore it. This was getting fun.

Allen spent a minute more caressing breasts now bare to his touch. It was starting to get hard for Nel to stand and he seemed to be nowhere near done. About halfway through Nel lost it. Too much alcohol in her, she no longer cared. She would not take her shorts off herself but if Allen tried she would not stop him; the only person who might was Tony and she no longer expected that or cared. He wanted to watch; let him watch. She’d be happy to lay Allen down on the floor and go cowgirl all over him until they both were satisfied. But she would just stay still and let Allen do whatever he wanted.

He got done with her breasts again and her knees steadied up. He motioned for her to spin around and reached down to remove his belt. She did so, turning to see Tony just sitting in a chair watching. What was wrong with him? She realized the chances were real good he was too drunk to interfere and she was really on her own. He smiled at her; not that far out of it. OK, no changes. She put her wrists behind her and felt Allen start to wrap his belt around them.

Damn, that was it; she was fully in heat now. She laughed inside, yes, she had been tied up for sex so much even as young as she was that getting tied up started her juices flowing. She looked down at the pool table. It was a standard build with two solid legs on either end. Both legs had two little floor runner knobs on the bottom so the whole weight of the bar did not mark the floor. She could see herself, she thought as the belt tightened around her wrists. Tied naked on the floor right there – one wrist and ankle to the nearer little knob, the other arm and ankle to the furniture at the side of the room, gagged and spread-eagle and naked on the floor, helpless, waiting. Every guy in the barracks was invited by others to fuck her and dump a load in her; she struggled but couldn’t get loose to prevent it. It was Saturday night and nobody in authority would be in the barracks for a day and a half. All the action was taking place down on the ground so nobody outside had a good enough angle to see in and possibly save her. Group sex had never been something she had actually done or wanted to do but it had been a fantasy. She had on a few occasions had sex with her first boyfriend and the guy who turned out to be her second together but no groups, and especially no groups while she was tied up and helpless. But here, tied right there on the floor. She could feel the first guy leaning over her, feeling his cock fumble around and then find the wet spot (why would it be so wet?) and plunge in. She struggled but could move so little it didn’t matter. And then the first one was in her and pumping and there was nothing she could do about it. The scene changed; this must have been guy 10. The barracks held about a hundred guys, they were all lining up for their turn and there was nothing she could do about it. In and out he went, smiling happily. Then it was guy 30. Her pussy was hurting badly from overuse but the guys misinterpreted her moans of pain for moans of other things and gagged she was unable to communicate any better. Her pussy was so full of cum it was absolutely sloshing in there. It would be terrifying to stand up; she’d have to hold her pussy lips closed or all that would gush out like a tidal wave. And they weren’t anywhere near halfway through. She struggled some more. It was still useless and there were 70 more guys to come…

Allen brought her out of it by slapping her on her bottom through the shorts. She came back to reality and shivered; damn she was so drunk. She could see Tony in front of them, just watching. OK, fine with her. Allen stood behind her and reached around to grab her breasts again; she just stood there with her eyes locked with Tony while Allen’s hands squeezed and massaged and pinched his fiancée’s breasts. Still no move from Tony. He was way too drunk, almost asleep, but still clearly watching. *No, dammit, stop this. I am yours, not his! Don’t you give a damn?* She checked; Allen had done an adequate job and her wrists were secure behind her. She could probably work out of it given long enough, but it would take a while. She just stood there while Allen massaged her breasts and stretched her nipples, wondering how far this was actually going. With her hands tied now she could not stop Allen from stripping her out of her shorts and she had no panties on underneath them. But she was far too gone. If Allen took off her shorts she would let him fuck her any way he wanted to, unless Tony finally got off his ass and exerted a little authority. And at this point maybe even if he did.

Allen didn’t. He dropped his hands and spun her around to find him sitting back down in the chair with his shorts down and her next task waiting for her. She shrugged and knelt to start – she still wanted a hard cock in her pussy and not in her mouth – perhaps part of the way through Allen would get bold enough and decide he wanted her that way. Only one way to find out. She had given plenty of BJs in her life and even this drunk she was still well up to the task. She was going to suck him dry.

Tony woke up in his own bed, Nel there beside him, both of them naked under the covers. His head hurt but he could deal with that. Nel was beside him, and it was quiet, she had been trying not to disturb him, but she was crying.

He turned to her. “Baby, what?”

She abandoned trying to be quiet. Finally she grabbed him, pulled him on top of her so she could hug him. “Oh damn. What have I done? I’ve screwed up so bad, You must hate me after last night. I had everything! You were going to propose, we were going to be married and I was going to live happily ever after with you. And I got drunk and fucked it all up!” She broke into a full cry. “Just hold me for a while. Please, please, please. Don’t go so fast.”

It had all come back to her. She had finished with Allen, swallowed, then having had enough wished him a good morning, put her shirt back on and pulled Tony back up to his room. She was pretty sure they had sex once they got back up here; it sure felt like it. He was currently on top of her. His knees between hers, and she could feel his erection and it killed her, that she’d probably never feel again. She was surprised it hadn’t already shriveled up to a pencil. Last night, or this morning was really a haze, there was something about being tied down and the whole dorm going at her. She was certain her shorts never came off while she was downstairs, but sick to her stomach as she remembered that it was only because Allen hadn’t tried to remove them. What she was sure about was horrible enough, not only was she stupid enough to cheat on Tony and blow Allen, suck him down and swallow every drop, she did it right in front of Tony, slapping him in the face with it. How could she have been so stupid? She clung tighter to who she still loved, desperately.

And gasped as he drove full into her. She wanted it like water to a dying woman. It was a pity fuck, it had to be. No way he could actually want her after last night. But she’d take it. Oh yes, she’d take it happily.

They both had passed the finish line and she was just holding on to him, keeping him on top of her. Finally he sighed. “Talk to me,” she begged him. “Tell me what you’re feeling.”

He reached down and brushed the hair out of her eyes. “Yeah, we got way too drunk last night, didn’t we? Going to have to avoid that.” He paused and her heart almost stopped. Her breathing definitely did. “Allen really did need that, and he’s a good friend, but not that good a friend. Nobody is or ever will be. You are mine and mine alone. I don’t hate you. I’m not even mad. You gave me all sorts of chances to stop things; I never did. You were drunk, I didn’t stop you and you made it clear to me you would let me stop you and maybe even wanted me to. Yeah, we have a problem but let’s just let it go. Blame for both sides, baby. I’m sure as hell not leaving you over it, or even changing plans. We, we screwed up and need to not do that again, ok?”

All Nel could do was nod happily. “Oh Tony I love you so much.” And after a second “And the basement? I owe you. I want to show you how much I love you. So the basement, just once. Any time you want to, I’m ready.”

The time came on schedule Monday after Tony was off work. She was again in a t-shirt and shorts, not cutoffs because she didn’t want to possibly draw that much attention to the two of them this time, and they walked from the barracks toward the quick stop and made the needed detour into the old condos and the basement there. She was still a little shaken about Saturday night and in some ways doing this was to prove something to herself as well as to Tony.

She did have one caveat, to allay her nightmare scenario. There she would be tied up hand and foot in an abandoned building, and the only person who knew she was there was Tony and the plan was for him to walk away and leave her alone for a while. Nobody really knew she was here, she was a visitor more or less on the down-low. She trusted Tony to be careful but accidents happened. She trusted him; it was the rest of the world she worried about. Some idiot could run him over while he was on his way too or from the quick stop. That would leave her trapped and unknown in the basement. No way.

They printed a map of that area of the base and circled the building where she’d be. They wrote the word “Basement” beside the building in the picture and left it in plain sight on top of Tony’s desk in his dorm room. If anything did happen to Tony enough people knew about Nel to wonder where she had gone, which would lead them to check his room and see the paper and know where to find her. It would be as embarrassing as hell but enormously better than the alternative.

The basement was still just the way it was three days ago; it would still be lit enough to see for the next few hours because the days were long this time of year where they were. She was nervous but quite determined and dead set to do this no matter how she felt.

They got to the area where they were going to do things and it was time. Nel smiled at him and stripped off her t-shirt and bra. The idea was he would take his time, more to help keep her calm. First she’d take off her top and he’d tie her wrists out, then play with her a while so she could get used to it, then take her shorts off, then tie her ankles, probably play with her a little more but absolutely no taking her until he had left and come back. Then he’d leave and go the rest of the way to the quick stop, get them both a soda which would be still cold to prove he had actually left her, then when he got back he was welcome to do whatever he wanted with her until he was done. Scary, but do-able. They had walked to the quick stop a few times, Tony’s total time depended on how busy it was. At a minimum twenty minutes, if they were busy it might be as much as 40. Hopefully not. She wasn’t thrilled about this at all but after Saturday night she was going to do it, come hell or high water.

Actually it wasn’t that bad. She only had to keep her flight instinct down until her wrists were secured. Once that happened she could not get away or prevent Tony from doing the other things he was planning. She trusted him, it was just that it was here in the middle of a military base, his military base. She’d have been a lot less nervous about all of this somewhere outside the gate.

It wasn’t like she could say something and Tony would stop. Tony had offered her one, but she hadn’t ever believed in safe words. If she was tied up and helpless, she wanted to be tied up and helpless. She had found herself tied up a lot as part of sex and Tony (and Greg and Don) had known that while they were to stay within any agreed parameters they were free to improvise and surprise her if they so wished. It added spice to the events for her; she had no guarantee she knew in advance everything that was going to happen. It could be scary but once she had done it a few times she had found herself hooked. She wondered if Tony had anything extra planned, and if so what she was in for.

Tony knew her well enough that to go too fast would only lead her toward panic, so he closed with her and they kissed for a while. There was plenty of time, maybe another three hours of sunlight; they’d be long gone from here before dark. He reached for a wrist, slipped the 3/8 inch nylon rope loop around it and cinched It down. He passed the far end of the rope through the wire next to a post above her head. She stretched her other wrist out and the second rope was tightened around it and passed through the wire near the matching post on the other side. She lay quietly while he walked into the two areas on either side of the one Nel was in and passed the ropes around the 2x4 and then back through the wire on the far side of each post. She felt a little panic as Tony came back into the area where she was but fought it back down. The concrete was cold but she had already adjusted, she was topless, flat on her back, and about to be made helpless here where nobody really knew her and nobody but Tony knew where she was, and things would go on from there. Tony saw it, reached down and gave one of her breasts a reassuring squeeze. It worked and she smiled back at him. Seeing her smile he bent to his task and in a few seconds he had pulled all the slack out of both ropes and knotted them securely around their posts. Done, he gave her a chance to tug at them – the loops around her wrists were already tight and with her arms stretched out she had no way of loosening them. Actually that was not true; right now she could scoot up and loosen the loops with her teeth, but once her ankles were secure that would not be possible and she would be stuck until Tony let her go.

It wasn’t that bad, she had been tied up and made helpless for sex dozens, maybe hundreds of times between the three boyfriends she had. It was just that every other time had been at home or somewhere safe around the city, or well outside it. here she was, even in the middle of an active military base, alone.

Tony, bless his heart, must have seen it. Instead of continuing with tying her up he took off his own shirt and lay full on top of her, supporting himself with his arms, and just kissed her. Ten minutes later she was completely calm and back to trusting Tony completely.

Off came her flip-flops and they were set beside her by her top. She lifted her hips as Tony slid her shorts and the panties underneath them off and now she was naked. The air was warm enough even if it was dusty. She might be sneezing from the dust but she wouldn’t be cold. She lay still and just looked at the nondescript wood-beam ceiling here that was the supports for the floors above as she felt loops go around and be tightened around her ankles. Tony moved into the other two areas again to loop the ropes around posts; once he tightened them she would be stretched out and there for the duration. She took a deep breath; as little as she liked the thought of being left alone down here nobody knew they were here and she trusted Tony, He stretched her ankles a little too far apart, it seemed like every boy she let tie her up did. Her ankles were spread really wide, maybe four feet apart when three would have been much more comfortable and as the only requirement was her legs being far enough apart that there was easy access to her pussy, three would have been perfectly adequate. She had tried telling her first boyfriend that a few times, but he still wanted her ankles unreasonably far apart and she had long ago given up and accepted it.

Tony was done with his work and it was now too late. She did the expected and obligatory try to see if any of the knots or loops were loose; no, they were not. She was tied. She wondered what would happen now.

Tony looked over at her and smiled at her, then gave her nearest breast a reassuring shake. He spent a few minutes running his hands all over her naked body, especially drawing little patterns in her pubic hair triangle, enjoying himself and reinforcing that she was helpless to stop him. She had no problem with his touch, but a part of her was anxious for him to head out to the quick stop – the sooner he left the sooner he would be back, fuck her soundly and then let her go. He had promised her a nice dinner out on the town afterward and it was a worthy reward after doing this for him.

Done molesting her, he leaned over her. “Now that we are here, more than anything else I want to take you hard and fast.” He laughed and shrugged. “But I can’t do that, can I? We said none of that until after I had gotten you your soda.” She just smiled back

He reached into his backpack and pulled out the blindfold she expected to be wearing soon… and a roll of duct tape. Oh damn… there was only one reasonable use for the duct tape and she would not be happy about being gagged. Then again, they had not talked about it and ruled it out so it was perfectly in bounds and she was already tied tightly and unable to stop him. That was probably why he had waited until she was securely bound to pull it out of his backpack. She could say nothing about it; complaining about it would only ruin the mood.

The blindfold didn’t go on then but he did as expected tear off a large enough strip of duct tape to gag her. She smiled at him as he leaned over him. “Kiss me for a few more minutes first.” She urged him. He happily oblige before the tape went on.

After that he did plant his lips firmly where he wanted his cock to be and began to work. Nel struggled for about thirty seconds and then stopped because she was enjoying it too much.

He didn’t take her all the way. He got most of the way there to her very disgruntled noises and spent some time sucking and licking on her breasts while her glow down between her legs, damn him, dissipated. Then things took another bad turn. He packed away into his backpack every piece of clothing she had been wearing. They hadn’t discussed it; she had just assumed her clothes would have been left there in case she got loose. Well, guess again, honey. And again she was naked and gagged and could do nothing about it.

Tony again reached into his bag and pulled out a vibrator and a tube of lube. No, dammit, she thought, get your ass to the store and back so you can fuck me and get this over with. With the gag in she couldn’t even say that now. She didn’t understand why he put so much lube on the thing, several times as he worked it slowly all the way into her. After the tongue-licking he had just given her she was plenty wet down there. And, she sighed, now as slick down there as scum on a doorknob.

Then he placed and turned the vibrator on. She jumped as she felt the vibrations hit her, tried to shift away from it but was tied too tight. After a couple seconds of struggling against her ropes for real she stopped and lay still. There was nothing she could do about it; he wanted to and she couldn’t stop him. But after a minute or two she again stopped minding and started enjoying. It would be just like him and it had been done to her many times, but he just damn well better not stop her short again this time.

He didn’t. He ran her straight to her orgasm, working the buzzing tool all over her lower lips and in and out inside of her. It only made her want the real thing.

When he saw her starting to come he pulled the vibrator out and shut it off, brushing her hair gently and talking lovingly to her as she peaked and slowly came back down. He packed the vibrator up and zipped the backpack closed, all her clothes still inside. She would have been unhappy but was at the moment still a little dazed.

He reached over and grabbed the blindfold, slipping it over the top of her head and down around her eyes. She felt him press down the little bit of duct tape he always had at the top of the blindfold to her forehead to make sure it would not slip. She heard him lean over her, give her a quick kiss on her gagged lips, then promised he would be back as fast as he could. That cleared her head like a shot. She listened to his footsteps going up the stairs, the door at the top of the stairs opening and closing, and then a few faint traces as he fully walked away. The quiet settled around her and she was alone, helpless and naked here in the middle of this basement.

When you do not have your sight your other senses enhance to compensate. Nel could taste the plastic and a little of the adhesive of the duct tape holding her mouth closed. The air smelled of dust and old mixed in with the smell of her own arousal and the lube Tony had used on her. She could feel a very faint breeze across her body, on her erect nipples, across her chest and down in her wide-open crotch. She could hear a very occasional creak from the building she was in as it cooled in the evening and very faint noises of traffic on the street a short distance away.

She must be a sight, she thought. Alabaster white skin, jet black hair top and bottom, stretched out wide naked and helpless. Anyone finding her here could do anything they wanted to her. Blindfolded she wouldn’t even know who they were. She flashed back to her fantasy in the dorm over the weekend of so many guys taking her and coming inside her that she could feel herself filling up with cum and was glad she was stuck on her back so she didn’t leak, or in this case gush. Guy after guy, her helpless and spread here in the basement where no one else knew where the party was. One after another, one clinching up with a groan as she felt him spurt inside her only to be quickly replaced by another anonymous guy fucking her hard until he too came inside her and left, and she’d never know who he was either. It was for damn sure by the looks she had gotten in the dorm and in the rec room there, a lot of the guys there would be willing to form a line for her.

Damn, she thought as she shifted her hips, hoping for a little stimulation but tied as wide as she was finding none. Tony really did need to get back soon.

She heard the upstairs door open. She thought about making a noise, calling out for Tony, but decided against it. It had to be Tony, no one else knew she was down here, did they? But it had only been a few minutes, five at the absolute most, and Tony could hardly be at the quick stop by now, much less through it and back. He had taken so much time playing with her, dammit, that without doubt the place was busy with people stopping to get things on their way home so it would likely be even longer than the twenty minutes or so she had originally estimated the round trip would take. Depending on the lines there, maybe much longer. As footsteps descended the stairs she wondered who it was and really, really regretted being blindfolded, and even letting herself be put here at all. To her growing horror the steps came quietly down into the basement and stopped when whoever it was was standing between her ankles.

Not good. She was helpless, wrists and ankles tied wide apart, naked, gagged, the smell of her own pussy and lube in the air. She struggled for real this time but was still unable to budge anything and after a few moments while whoever it was enjoyed the show watched, gave up.

There were three possibilities. Clearly this person was not law enforcement. If they were the first thing they would have done would have been to assure her she was safe now and start to untie her. It could be Tony. That option made the most sense; he knew she was down here and it would be just like him to set her up like this, naked and helpless, then come down and make her wonder who it was that was fucking her, and she had no doubt one way or another that was what she was in for.

Which left the worst possibility: It was someone else. The timing certainly made sense, but how? Then again, she thought, they had discussed this for a while Friday night in the rec room when she assumed they were alone but the door to the hallway had been open and it was possible someone had been listening. Or some lonely loser had seen the two of them walk into the building and had only seen Tony walk out and had decided to investigate. Well, if that was the case that loser was a winner this evening. Fifteen minutes was plenty of time to use her helpless body and be gone before Tony could return.

Then, as she lay still and fought back her real panic this time, maybe Tony had set her up. Maybe this was revenge for her blowing Allen, leaving her alone naked and helpless for someone, maybe Allen again, to have his fun and leave his results in her. That would be a major betrayal and she had never seen anything like that in Tony, but she wondered if he was actually pissed about what she had done and had hidden it well. Unlikely but still a possibility.

Whoever it was bent down and she felt his hands at her waist. She freaked out, thrashing desperately and making all the noise she could through her gag. Whoever it was kept his hand right there on her waistline, proving the futility of her efforts. Finally she stopped, defeated.

He stepped to the side and she heard sounds that could only be the guy undressing. There was the gentle sound of a shirt hitting the concrete, then the sound that could only be pants unsnapping and hitting the floor beside them. Then again, it could be a girl; she really had no clue and no way of knowing. Seeing what was inevitable with her like this, she figured she’d be sure soon enough.

She felt his hand at the tape at the side of her mouth, starting to peel it off. What, was he ungagging her? Boy he was confident. It turned cold as his hand moved to place a finger across her mouth in a “shhh” gesture. The hand then moved down to firmly grab her throat for a second, then moved back up to the “shhh” gesture. it was clear enough. He was going to un-gag her but there would be a price to be paid if she misbehaved. She had been choked out until she lost consciousness a few times as part of past sex play and she hadn’t liked any of it at all. She nodded her head to show she understood. If this wasn’t Tony then if she was not gagged she could warn him when he arrived. Anyway, if he was dumb enough to make it possible for her to scream and call for help she was happy to let him. He peeled the tape almost all the way off her mouth, leaving just a little still stuck to her cheek. The message was clear – it could be easily and quickly re-applied.

It took her a second to moisten her mouth. “Tony? Tony, please tell me it’s you.” The finger again was placed against her now-bare lips and then moved back down to her throat, this time grabbing it and cutting off her airway a bit, just for a second. Nel nodded her understanding.

“I’ll shut up after this, I promise. Just tell me you’re not going to hurt me.” A finger was placed on her sternum, then was tapped twice. “OK, I get it. One tap yes, two taps no. Is that right?” A single tap. “And you’re not going to hurt me?” There was a pause and Nel wondered if she had pushed it too far, Then she felt hands give her breasts a squeeze, rapidly followed by another at her crotch.

“Well, yes, but beyond that you have no plans to hurt me.” A second later there was a reassuring single tap on her sternum. Then again the person could be lying, but if they were, why bother to un-gag her? “Ok then.” She murmured. “Let’s get this over with.”

She expected the next feeling would be him pushing into her, but curiously enough he bent down and began to suck on her breasts. She could feel his erection on her leg. Tony really didn’t spend that much time on her breasts and when he did it was licking and sucking. This person was rougher, sucking and pinching her erect nipples, almost chewing on them for brief moments. That was scary because that indicated it wasn’t Tony.

He finished and she felt him position himself at her entryway. She expected a shove but this time he was playing with her, making it last, drawing it out. He knew she didn’t want to feel him or have him inside her and she could do nothing to stop him. Damn you to hell, you can’t just screw me, you have to fuck with my head too? He took the longest time, just pushing the tip inside of her. She was still fully lubed from what Tony had done to her before he left. With a sickening thought she hoped whoever it was did not mistake this for thinking she was liking this.

Whoever it was apparently got tired of tormenting her and started slowly with each push going a little deeper inside her, millimeter by millimeter each time. She wanted to scream, but that would only get her re-gagged.

He was finally full-stroke in her and going to town. The lube was running out and she heard him pull out, heard the pop of the top of the lube bottle and the sound of it being squeezed. Good, if it wasn’t Tony and it seemed pretty clear it wasn’t, there’d be fingerprints on the bottle to check. Hard to do but possible. You’ve just fucked up big time, asshole. Gotcha.

Whoever he was settled back on top of her and to her dismay re-applied the gag before picking back up where he had left off. Full strokes, he was going for his goal and all she could do was lay there and be the visual and physical aid to what effectively was him masturbating with her body. She let her head fall off to the side. He kept pumping in and out of her. Nothing she could do about it. For what little it meant she closed her eyes.

Where was Tony anyways? How long had he been gone, fifteen, twenty minutes? He could be back any time. There’d be a fight but she had confidence in him. Despite the tape she’d make all the noise she could as soon as she heard him to warn him.

Come to think of it, it was the one thing that didn’t make sense about what was happening. This person was not in a hurry. Take time to chew on her unprotected breasts, take his time getting all the way into her pussy. As if he wasn’t worried about being disturbed or interrupted. That thought scared her. If one other person knew about her being down here, nothing stopped it from being more than one. That group could have intercepted and stopped Tony, and maybe he wasn’t going to be coming back to rescue her any time soon as she expected. And if there was more than one person in on this there was no guarantee that only one person was going to take advantage of her and likely not. Fantasies notwithstanding she was a one man woman (maybe two at a time on rare occasions) and that man was Tony. She shook in her bonds despite herself and whoever it was broke rhythm for a second but when it wasn’t repeated went back to plowing in and out of her. She was keeping it under control but the panic was starting to ramp up a bit.

Whoever it was tightened up, plunged deep, and she felt him spurting deep inside her. The bastard had the balls to kiss her on the forehead as he left. His footsteps faded away and nothing was heard to replace them, even after several minutes, thankfully the group option did not seem to be the winner. At least the S.O.B. had left his fingerprints on the lube bottle.

It was about ten minutes later when she heard someone walking in, making no attempt at being quiet. “Hi baby! Miss me?” Tony’s voice called as he descended the stairs. She was so glad to hear him.

She tried to talk to him but with the tape gag all she could do was “mmph”. Tony pulled off the blindfold but aggravatingly made no move to pull off the tape closing her mouth. He pulled two liter-sized sodas out of his bag and set them on the ground beside her. She looked and could see the moisture on them, oh yes they were cold, which made her heart sink. She made more noise but Tony seemed to misinterpret it. “Oh yeah, it was horrible at the quick stop. So many people and this one Karen who locked things up for about ten extra minutes. I spent the entire time thinking of you and thinking of doing this.” He was already out of his clothes and to her horror she watched as he grabbed the lube bottle to pour some on him, ruining any fingerprints on it. Nel almost screamed and then just rolled her head off to the side in defeat. Tony, oblivious and very horny, plowed into her and went to town. Well, dammit, there goes the possibility of finding whoever it was earlier by his semen. She shook her head, defeated for a second time in an hour.

Tony was oblivious and very hungry. She wondered; could it have been him before? It had been about fifteen or twenty minutes – it was not likely but possible if he really wanted to do it or had taken a pill. She wasn’t entirely sure whoever it was before had gone flat after he had come inside her, so she wasn’t entirely sure.

Tony clinched up and pushed in and held for his normal few seconds, then pulled out. He took the time to dress while she lay there still tied and watching, then pulled her clothes out of his backpack and then started removing the ropes on her ankles and wrists. Nel bided her time, laying still until the last rope was off, then ripped the gag off, grabbed her shirt and shorts and covered herself as she shrank against the concrete wall.

She was borderline hysterical. “Tell me it was you, Tony! Tell me it was you and I’ll forgive you but you owe me one hell of a dinner tonight! Because if it wasn’t you I was raped while you were gone!” She was visibly shaking.

Tony got scared himself, spread his arms in a conciliatory gesture. “Oh no, Nel. Dinner’s on me. It was me, baby. The whole time. Part of the fantasy that you helped me do. I figured you’d know. Nobody else knew you were down here. I didn’t think you’d take it this way. I am so sorry, sweetie, I figured you’d know. I can’t believe how sorry I am.” She could see how scared he was now. Good.

“You didn’t think I’d feel that way?”

“No!” he pleaded. “I was dumb as a rock. To be honest, I was so busy on my side of it that I never stopped to think that hard about it. Really, really stupid of me. It will never happen again, I swear. I’m sorry. Really, really sorry. I love you, I want to marry you, you know that. I never meant to scare you or hurt you.”

Her eyes were still flashing fire; he had rarely seen her so mad and it like now had never been good. “Prove it,” she challenged.

Tony reached into his bag and drew out a freezer pack, about half-depleted. “I had the sodas in my bag the whole time.” She still looked unconvinced.

“Look,” he said, leaning toward her. She tensed up as if to hit him, and in her current state he couldn’t be entirely sure she wouldn’t. He stopped. “Permission to touch you?” She nodded, still naked just hidden by her clothes as she held them in front of her to cover her. He reached up to her lips, held his finger across them in a “shhh” gesture, then moved his hand down to barely grasp her throat, then back to her lips.

Nel’s eyes got real wide. Tony saw the slap coming right for his face and figured the best thing he could do was to just let it happen.
