---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Journey
authors:
- Rainbow Golding
tags:
- F/f
- bondage
- kidnap
- reluct
- X
date: 2004-10-12 00:00:00
---

**The Journey**
by Rainbow Golding
The Journey by Rainbow Golding
 
 
Finally, Christina had everything she needed from the shops. It was
a ridiculously menial chore, but it had to be done. Moving outside the
local supermarket, Christina rolled her trolley slowly towards her hatchback,
and reached into her pocket to fetch her car keys, so she could open the
boot. In the parking bay next to her, she spotted a familiar sight. It
was Melanie’s Land Rover, towering above the rest of the cars. Soon enough,
Christina spotted her friend moving towards her, carrying two paper bags
under her arms. Just before Mel reached her car, the bags split, depositing
the contents all over the car park.

“Oh God Mel – let me help you!” Christina started to pick up Mel’s tins
and various items, gathering them together next to Mel’s Land Rover.

“Thanks Chris. How are you?” Mel smiled politely as she asked the question.

The smile highlighted her facial beauty, with her golden hair resting
gently on her shoulders. Bent over picking up the remnants of her shopping,
Mel’s perfectly formed body was also on show, her curves delightfully obvious
in tight blue jeans and a simple white t-shirt. Christina was beginning
to worry about just how interested she was in Mel’s body. If she was honest
with herself, she’d often fantasised about what it would be like to have
sex with another woman, Mel in particular. She also wondered what it would
be like to be tied by someone other than herself… Suppressing those feelings,
Christina responded to Mel’s question;

“Oh, I’m fine thanks Mel. A bit tired, but otherwise okay. Would you
like me to help you put this stuff in your car?” Christina would later
come to realise how important that question was.

“Okay Chris.” Without a care in the world, Mel flung open the door of
her Land Rover. It was then that Chris received the greatest shock of her
life thus far. The interior of the car was not the expected. From the back,
you couldn’t see the driver’s seat. There was glass separating the front
two seats from the back, and from this side, it was tinted black. The sides
(and back door) of the Land Rover were padded with black foam, and strewn
across a variety of eyelets were all kinds of things that most certainly
shouldn’t have been there. Ropes, vibrators and dildos, all visible to
anyone who dared to walk behind the Land Rover.

“What on Earth is going on Mel?” Christina’s jaw was virtually on the
floor by this point. Instead of answering the question, Mel did something
simply incredible. As Christina had been taking it all in, Mel had moved
behind her, and before Christina could quite realise it, Mel pushed her
into the back of the Land Rover, and slammed the back door shut. Inside,
Christina was totally baffled. With the door shut, the back of the Land
Rover was a virtual dark room, and she had no idea what was happening to
her.

“Help!” She screamed at the very top of her voice. Not that Mel knew
it. Outside the car, absolutely nothing could be heard. With her shopping
still strewn all over the floor, Mel entered the front compartment of her
car, and started the engine. She drove swiftly out of the supermarket car
park.

Christina meanwhile was still trying to understand her predicament.
She realised that she had been abducted by one of her girlfriends, and
that the girlfriend in question was kinkier than a hedge maze. She was
still screaming, and banging on the walls of her mobile dungeon. Eventually,
she realised it was pointless, when losing her balance in the dark, she
fell over onto the padded floor.

“Hello Chris!” Mel’s voice could now be heard in the mobile dungeon,
which was vibrating up and down as the Land Rover made its journey.

“Fucking bitch!” Christina harped.

“Careful dear, I heard that!” There must be an intercom system, Christina
reasoned.

“I’m going to illuminate you now my dear, in more ways than one.” With
that quip, Mel switched on a dim, red light in the back. Christina could
now begin to see her ordeal, and it was beginning to scare her slightly;

“What are you doing Mel?” Christina asked, pleadingly.

“Well Chris, it’s hard to explain, but I’ll give it my best shot. Basically
my dear, I’ve taken a shining to you, and I’d like you to become my personal
plaything. With your consent, of course!”

“With my consent!” Christina was a little confused at this point “How
can you kidnap me with my consent?”

“Oh it’s very simple really Chris. For the next ten hours, you will
be my captive – you have no choice in that. If you co-operate, after that
ten hour period is over, you will have two choices. I’ll release you, or
you can become my bondage partner on a more permanent basis.”

Now Christina’s head really was beginning to spin. She’d been abducted,
and now she was in some sort of bondage trial period. Being locked in the
back of Mel’s car, journeying God knows where, Christina realised that
she had no choice but to co-operate. After all, it wasn’t as if she hadn’t
been tied up before. She’d been playing around with self-bondage for a
while now, and had become somewhat of an expert hand. Now she would finally
get a chance to see what it would be like to be in someone else’s control.
The whole situation was turning her on slightly;

“Okay.” Was the only conversation she could muster though.

“Now then Chris. I need you to do something for me.”

“Yes Mel.” Chris said, with a feeling of resignation, as she sat indignantly
on the floor.

“I’d like you to restrain yourself for me.”

“Oh you must be kidding!” Christina gesticulated.

“No, I’m afraid not my dear – and I do suggest that you co-operate!”

“Okay, what do I do?” Christina asked, nervously.

“Firstly my dear, you’ve been rather too talkative for my liking. So
you’re going to gag yourself, so you’ll be quiet. On the left hand wall
of the van, as you face the back door, you’ll see a variety of gags. I
want you to use the bright red ball gag. Go collect it!”

Christina started to stand;

“On your knees slave…” Mel added, in as seductive a voice as she could
conjure up. Now feeling totally enraged, Christina, on her knees, moved
over slowly, and picked up the red ball gag from one of the various eyelets
on the wall. She pretended she had no idea how to use it. In reality, she’d
used one before in one of her self-bondage scenes. She’d combined it with
a tight hogtie she placed herself in. She remembered how much it started
to make her jaw ache after she had been tied for a few hours, her escape
knife finally dropping onto the floor - the ice-release mechanism having
served its purpose.

“Oh now now Chris – don’t pretend you don’t know what you’re doing.
I’ve seen you tying yourself up for God’s sake!” Christina’s heart now
started beating so hard, she thought that it was going to leave her chest.

“That’s right you filthy little slut. I’ve seen you tying yourself up,
with your elaborate schemes. Remember, I live across the street, and you
should be a lot more careful how you fasten your blinds!”

With this latest revelation in mind, Christina got to work with her
ball gag. It was a chin-strap ball-gag, and Christina quickly forced the
ball behind her teeth, securing the first strap behind her head, underneath
her long, black hair. Next, she pulled the chin strap underneath her jaw,
and tightened it.

“MMMPH!” she spoke loudly into her gag, to confirm its effectiveness.

“Good girl Chris. Now, I’d like you to fasten yourself onto the opposite
wall to which you obtained the gag. You should be able to see a pair of
handcuffs, the central chain of which is secured by an eyelet. Please put
them on tightly.”

Christina made another grunt into her gag, as she moved towards the
glaringly obvious handcuffs.

“Hands behind your back Chris!”

Turning around, Chris found the cuffs, and secured them onto each of
her wrists. The Central chain was long, so it was not a struggle. Indeed,
by the time she had finished, she was able to kneel on the floor, her hands
fastened behind her back.

“I suggest you don’t struggle dear, with those handcuffs not being double
locked, they might get awfully tight!” There was an audible chuckle from
the front of the car.

As Chris sat tied and gagged by her own hand, she was disturbed from
her contemplation when it was obvious that the car had stopped. Of course,
she had no idea where she was. As she looked towards the front compartment,
the tinted glass started to move, and it was soon obvious that it was on
hinges, as Mel walked in, hunched over, through what was now a glass door.

“Hello sweetie!” Mel said, patronisingly. Chris made a very loud grunt
into her gag.

“Now now dear – temper temper. I’ve got to tie you up yet!” Mel left
a gap in her speech for Christina to contemplate this;  “That’s right
my dear, you didn’t think that you’d get away with a simple pair of handcuffs
and a gag did you?”

Without any further fuss, Mel knelt down on the floor, and moved towards
Christina. She leant in towards her, and gripping Christina’s face, the
pair gag-kissed, with Christina reciprocating a little more strongly than
she should have been considering what Mel had done to her. Mel picked up
a long length of black cotton rope from behind where Chris was knelt. Chris
remembered that the front windows of Mel’s Land Rover were also tinted
– so there would be no one coming to rescue her. Besides, she was beginning
to wonder whether or not she wanted to be rescued.

Moving into the ample space behind where Christina was restrained, Mel
got to work. She folded the length of rope at its centre, forming a loop.
Bringing Christina’s handcuffed wrists together; she placed the loop on
the centre of her wrists, moving the loose ends of the rope through the
loop. Using the loop as an anchor, the rope was wrapped tightly above the
cuffs, several coils now forcing Christina’s wrists together, with her
wrist tie subsequently being cinched up. Mel now unfastened the handcuffs,
but kept a strong hold on Christina’s wrists. With Christina still on her
knees, Mel stood up slightly, and moved Christina’s hands towards the roof
of the Land Rover. With Christina’s back bent over, Mel secured Christina’s
wrist tie to an eyelet on the ceiling, using a short length of rope.

Now bent over, drool was beginning to drip slowly around Christina’s
ball gag, the first sign of the obvious pleasure she was starting to feel.
Mel continued the bondage. She moved onto Christina’s now quick-moving
chest, so heavy was Christina’s breathing. Mel wrapped the black rope tightly
above and below Christina’s breasts, the restraint adding a deliciously
erotic taste to her breathing.

“Enjoying this dear?” Despite the fact she obviously was, Christina
shook her head from side to side vigorously.

“Lying bitch!” Mel said, as she moved onto tying Christina’s legs. Mel
settled on a frogtie, with rope restraining Christina’s thighs to her shins,
her legs still bent over, Christina now feeling a slight pain in her knees,
despite the padded floor.

Mel was nearly finished now, but there was still a finishing touch,
that would be the most important of all. Bent over like this, Christina
was beginning to regret having worn a relatively short skirt. It was obvious
that her delicate panties must be all too evident to Mel. Mel took the
bait, and tore Christina’s skirt off, exposing her beautiful red panties,
and well-toned ass. Christina could handle that, but what came next was
somewhat unexpected.

Mel now forcibly tore off the panties as well, and Christina’s sex felt
the slightly cold air for the first time. Even now, Mel was not yet finished.
From the side of the van, she picked up a thick, black dildo, and a tube
of lubricant. Christina had a funny feeling about this one. Her ‘fears’
were put off temporarily as Mel returned to rope. Wrapping rope around
her waist, Christina’s breathing was further restricted, but the real shock
was yet to come…

Mel left part a long part of this ‘waist rope’ hanging down in front
of Christina, whose back was now aching slightly having been bent over
for a relatively long time. Quickly and efficiently, Mel picked up the
dildo, lubricated it, and eased it into Christina’s now soaking wet sex.
The loose end of the waist rope was now pulled underneath Christina’s legs,
despite her pathetic efforts to stop the whole thing happening. Bent over,
her chest and waist wrapped up tightly, and her legs frogtied – she could
do little to resist. Mel tied the loose end to another eyelet on the roof
of the ‘car’. The dildo was now secured in place, and was starting to do
its job…

Without saying a word, Mel then moved back to the driver’s compartment.
As the Land Rover began to move once again, Christina began to realise
what was now happening. Every time the car went over a bump in the road,
the Land Rover moved slightly, as did her ‘waist rope’. In fact, every
time the Land Rover moved, so did the dildo, which was now irregularly
pulsing up and down, being held in place by that same ‘waist rope’. Before
long, this bondage scene came to the conclusion Mel had hoped for – as
had Christina, if she dared to admit it. The heat between Christina’s legs
was now irresistible, and though she knew she shouldn’t be – she was coming,
intensely. She screamed hard into her gag, as the wave of pleasure flowed
across her body, made all the more intense by the fact she could hardly
move, and that she had given up all control to someone else. The sensation
was simply unbelievable.

As the Land Rover continued its journey – Christina knew just one thing
for certain. When the ten hours was over – she didn’t want to go anywhere…
