---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Wendy’s Trial
authors:
- Darkest Fantasy
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- leather
- toys
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2007-04-04 00:00:00
---

Phil glanced around the bedroom, giving his preparations one last look over, checking that he’d missed nothing. Everything seemed to be in order. The bed had been the worst part, dragging the heavy frame away from the wall had been a real effort, but it was now positioned near the centre of the room, directly under the heavy eyebolt mounted in the ceiling. It was a lovely bed, with one of those frames of heavy wrought iron, although now it’s looks were somewhat disfigured by the wooden mounting posts attached to the centre of the head and foot board.

These mounts were fairly simple affairs, a flat base of wood on the floor, with two vertical boards rising parallel with the bed frame, cross braced on the diagonal and with a further horizontal board mounted across the top. Another feature was that each vertical board had a 1 1/2 “hole drilled through it, about 3 foot from the floor, with all four holes perfectly aligned. Finally each mount had been firmly lashed to the bed frame by many windings of rope.

Giving a little smile, Phil walked over to the footboard and, grasping the mounting post, gave it a solid tug. Despite his efforts, the support barely budged a millimetre, and he gave another smile thinking ‘that’ll do for my plans for today’. Glancing over to the chest of drawers, he ran an eye over the rest of the equipment laid out on the floor and gave a chuckle. This would be his best scenario yet, and little did his girlfriend, or should that be his nearly ex-girlfriend, know what was in store for her.

Perhaps, before the story really gets going, I should explain things a little, or at least give a little background. Phil loves bondage, and maybe even a little torture, both giving and receiving, and for the last year has been seeing this really hot babe named Wendy. Initially it started off as a casual encounter, having met in a bar they had a pleasant first evening fucking each other senseless, and during that encounter he, at one point, had her firmly tied, spread-eagled, to his bed with silk ties. Phil always starts off with silk ties, they’re so much safer and more ‘normal’ for use during a first encounter, and less likely to scare women off than the sudden appearance of steel, leather and ropes. Anyway, after that first night, they met up again, ended up back at his place a little drunk and up for a bit of fucking, when Wendy asked him to tie her up again. Well, as you can imagine, he didn’t need asking twice, and the rest, as they say, is history.

Anyway, things had been going along fine for quite some time, at least until about a month ago, when some guy at Wendy’s work started hitting on her and she fell for his attentions. Don’t get me wrong, they’re not finished yet, but the poor thing’s more than a little confused – or maybe it’s best to say she’s torn between two choices. They still see each other for some fantastic sex and bondage, but Phil also know she’s off with him, well actually his names Martin, as well. How does he know, well she’s told him as much. The old ‘I love you…but I love him too’ routine, and to be honest it’s beginning to get on Phil’s nerves. And so he’s come up with today’s plan, today she experiences his ultimate bondage scenario, something that will blow her mind completely. And at the end of it all, when she’s exhausted and drained, mentally, physically and emotionally, Phil will give her a simple choice. And depending on her decision, Wendy will either get to experience today’s pleasures again in the future, or she won’t.

Phil glanced at his watch and gave a start, he’d been daydreaming, the time was now 11:30am, and Wendy was due any minute.

“Ok, ok,” he muttered to himself, “better get ready” and, walking over to the dresser, picked up a single sleeve leather arm-binder and a heavy padded leather blindfold from the floor, before turning and heading out the door.

Phil was half way down the stairs when the doorbell rang and, looking down the hallway, he could see Wendy’s silhouette through the frosted glass of the front door.

“Bang on time” he said and, taking the last stairs two and a time, headed down the hall and opened the front door.

The girl outside was stunning to look at, slim built with a waspish waist, standing about 5’6” tall with wavy blonde hair framing a delightful elfin face. She was dressed in a short one-piece black dress of some sheer, clingy material that showed off her figure to perfection. Ending at mid-thigh, it revealed just enough to show her thighs were toned and firm, with shapely calves, while her full firm breasts strained at the dress, the nubs of her nipples just visible through the clingy material. A single black strap passed over each shoulder and there was obviously no bra present, while a simple silver chain passed round her neck, supporting a teardrop shaped piece of amber jewellery nestling snugly at the top of her cleavage.

“Wendy, come in, come in, how are you?” asked Phil, holding the door wide to admit her.

“Hi Phil, I’m fine, thanks” she said, stepping into the hallway before wrapping her arms around him and giving Phil a long, lingering kiss which he returned enthusiastically.

After several moments they broke apart and Wendy looked up at Phil. “Your looking well honey, in fact you look almost edible” she said with a smile before her eyes fell to his hand, in which he was still clutching the arm-binder and blindfold.

“Oh, I see you’ve got some of your toys out for me” she said with a mischievous smile. “That’s good, I’m feeling really horny today… you got anything to drink?”

“Sure, help yourself, there’s a bottle of wine in the fridge” replied Phil as he closed the door before following Wendy down the hall and into the kitchen.

While Wendy opened the fridge to get the wine, Phil placed the arm-binder and blindfold on the sideboard, opened the cupboard door and, removing two wine glasses, placed them on the counter. Sliding open a drawer, he removed a corkscrew before pushing the drawer closed again.

“Here, give me that” he said and, taking the bottle from Wendy, quickly removed the seal before twisting the corkscrew firmly into the cork, which he extracted to the sound of a small plop. Picking up the bottle he poured two generous glasses of wine while, in the meantime, Wendy had come to stand beside him and was now holding the arm-binder in both hands, stroking the material gently. Picking up the glasses, Phil handed one to Wendy, who took it in one hand whilst with the other she placed the arm-binder on the worktop, leaving her hand gently resting upon it.

“So, are you just having a tidy up today, or have you got some plans for this?” asked Wendy, gently patting the arm-binder with her free hand.

Phil took a sip of his wine, looked from the arm-binder to Wendy, and replied with a smile “Hmm, dunno really. Suppose I might have had the odd idea or two knocking around my head.

“The odd idea or two” mimicked Wendy. “And just what might they be then you kinky old pervert?” she asked with a laugh, before taking another sip of her wine.

“Well I could tell you, but that would kind of spoil the surprise now wouldn’t it. Lets just say I’ve got something a little bit special in mind for you today… In fact, if I wasn’t so modest, I’d call it a work of genius what I’ve got planned for you”

Wendy, halfway through taking a sip of wine, snorted into her glass at this, and started coughing and spluttering as the wine went down the wrong way. After a moment to recover she looked at Phil, sniggered, and replied, “Work of genius my ass. You are so full of it mister”

“Perhaps, perhaps” replied Phil grinning. “Trouble is I’ve only got my own opinion to go on, guess maybe you think I need to get a second opinion eh?” he continued with a sly smirk.

“Perhaps you do,” replied Wendy. “Maybe you need a volunteer to experience your latest ‘work of genius’ so they can comment on it for themselves” she continued with a wide grin on her face.

“Yes, yes my dear. But you see, good volunteers are so hard to find these days. I wouldn’t know where to start looking for one,” said Phil, after taking another sip of his wine.

“It’s difficult isn’t it” replied Wendy, then paused to take a sip of her wine before continuing, “well, if it’s in the interests of science, I suppose I could make myself available as a test subject.” She then gave Phil a beautiful and mischievous grin over the top of her wine glass.

“Hmm, let me think… Ok, I accept your application for the position. I think we should undertake the experiment as soon as possible don’t you.”

“Oh absolutely” replied Wendy as she approached Phil, pressing the length of her body up against his, kissing him deeply on the lips and grinding her pelvis into his groin. Breaking off the kiss she asked in mock humility “Where should we start then Sir?”

“Well, I think we need to get you out of that dress for starters. Turn around and let me get the zip for you”

Wendy grinned, took a sip of wine before placing the glass on the counter, slowly turned her back to Phil and took a small step back toward him before leaning slightly forward and grinding her ass into his groin. Phil grinned at the back of her head as small waves of pleasure shot through him and, reaching toward the top of her spine, slowly lowered the zip down to her lower back. That done, he then reached up with his two hands, hooked a thumb under each shoulder strap, and slid them off Wendy’s shoulders. Wendy gave a little shimmy and, in no time at all, the dress had formed a little puddle of blackness on the kitchen floor. Bending from the waist, Wendy reached down, undid the buckles on her shoes and, standing straight again, kicked them off, leaving her naked as the day she was born.

“Well this is an interesting experiment” said Wendy as she ground her ass into Phil’s groin once again, “what do we do next Sir?”

“I think we might need to secure your arms for the next stage” replied Phil whilst picking up the arm-binder from the worktop and, working quickly, loosened the buckles and straps, and pulled some slack into the lacing. “Put your arms behind your back,” he instructed Wendy whilst reaching into his trouser pocket to pull out a small key on a ring.

Wendy did as he asked and Phil, taking hold of her hands, pressed the key into her palm and wrapped her fingers closed around it.

“I want you to take care of this for me” he told her, then, using both hands, he placed Wendy’s wrists into the top opening of the arm-binder before pulling it up, tugging firmly till the top of the binder was level with Wendy’s shoulder blades, and with her hands securely trapped in the pouch at the bottom.

“Ohh… that’s nice” sighed Wendy as Phil went to work on the glove, gradually taking the slack out of the lacing and then firmly pulling it tight as he worked his way up the harness. “What’s the key for?” she asked as Phil continued working on the arm-binder.

“Oh that, it’s nothing, don’t worry about it ok” he replied.

Wendy was an extremely supple girl, and as Phil tightened the laces of the arm-binder, she could feel her elbows been drawn closer and closer together. As they were, she felt her shoulders been pulled back, which caused her breasts to thrust out and up. Looking down at her breasts she gave a small sigh.

“A girl could get used to this you know,” she said with a smile.

“What’s that?” asked Phil as he continued to work on the lacings for Wendy’s upper arms, the tightening of which caused her shoulders to pull back even more, and her breasts to jut out proudly.

“Oh nothing” replied Wendy, “it’s just that this does wonderful things to a girls figure you know.”

Tying off the last knot, Phil peered over her shoulder at her breasts and replied, “Hmm, it does doesn’t it.” Reaching round Wendy’s sides he took a breast in each hand and began to massage them firmly, every now and then grasping Wendy’s nipples between thumb and forefinger, squeezing and rolling them back and forth. This continued for several minutes, accompanied by Wendy’s sighs, groans and whisperings as Phil worked her body to a state of excitement. Letting his right hand slip from her breast, he traced a line across her stomach with his fingertips, continuing down to her groin where his fingers lightly brushed the tip of her clitoris, gently teasing and arousing Wendy further, as evidenced by her increasing groans.

Moving on, his hand slipped further south till he found her pussy, already moist and hot, and gently teased her by slipping a finger slowly in and out of her passage whilst firmly rubbing his palm back and forth over her clit. He could feel the pressure building within her, like lava bubbling to erupt, and just as he felt her body begin to tension for the final leap into the abyss, he took his hands away.

“Oh… don’t stop,” pleaded Wendy as she hovered on the precipice of her orgasm, but Phil ignored her, instead giving his attention to the shoulder straps of her arm-binder. He quickly looped them under her armpits, up over her shoulders, and then crossed them at the top of her back, before threading them through the corresponding buckles of the harness and pulling the straps tight.

Wendy closed her eyes and, focusing on her body, tried to will herself over the edge. But without stimulation it wouldn’t happen, and the pounding excitement and tension slowly ebbed away, leaving her distinctly frustrated and unsatisfied.

“You utter, utter bastard” she finally said to Phil, just as he finished tightening the straps. “How could you leave me hanging like that?”

Taking her by the shoulders, Phil turned her round to face him, dropping a hand to her groin to gently massage her clit.

“Don’t be mad,” he told her. “Remember, good things come to those who wait, and I’m afraid you’ve got a long, long wait ahead of you before I let you have an orgasm today” he said with a smile. Wendy, however, didn’t notice his smile, she had her eyes closed again and was focused on the pleasant sensations Phil was creating between her legs with his hand.

While continuing to massage Wendy’s clit, Phil bent his knees and, bowing his head, lowered his mouth to her left breast. Breathing out, he exhaled hot air onto her nipple as his hand moved south again, with his fingers pushing deep into Wendy’s cunt. Lowering his mouth onto her breast, he sucked first the left, then the right nipple into his mouth, running the tip of his tongue around her areola, and gently biting down on her nipples with his teeth.

He continued to work her body again, quickly building her arousal toward a crescendo, feeling the tension and excitement build and build within her. And again, with uncanny judgement, born of familiarity with her body, just as her orgasm threatened to pounce and ravage her, Phil took his hands and mouth away from her body. As Wendy groaned her frustration, Phil grasped her by the shoulders, turned her round and, taking the leather blindfold from the worktop, placed it over her eyes and, pulling the straps tightly round her head, quickly buckled the blindfold snugly and securely into place.

The blindfold was top quality, with a soft felt lining, and from previous use Phil knew that with it on Wendy was completely robbed of the power of sight, plunged into total darkness with not a single ray of light able to penetrate the tight and close fitting blindfold.

Wendy groaned again in frustration, she had been so, so close to the edge that time, that just a few seconds more would have been enough to bring the threatened orgasm crashing down on her. Instead, she found herself plunged into darkness, her arms bound tightly behind her, unable to do anything to relieve the desperate ache she now felt at the core of her being.

“Please Phil” she cried out loud, “please don’t stop” she begged. “I was so close to cumming. Please give me a little more.” But she got no answer as Phil stepped silently away, watching her from the doorway into the kitchen, grinning at her frustration. Getting no answer, Wendy turned left and right, her shoulders pulled back and her breast jutting out proudly, trying to get some clue to Phil’s location in the room. But already she had lost her bearings and, taking a tentative step forward, immediately stubbed her toe on the cupboard base, which quickly turned her frustration into anger.

“You asshole git, let me out of this right now you moron. If you can’t finish a job then don’t start it. I’m sure I’ll find someone who can do the job properly you idiot” she cried. At that, a flash of anger passed over Phil’s face at the allusion to Martin, or at least that’s how he heard it. In a flash of inspiration, he decided Wendy had said more than enough, and, quietly making his way down the hall, he quickly went upstairs to the bedroom where he opened the drawer of his bedside cabinet, his eyes scanning the contents for his ring gag. He quickly found the ring gag and was about to retrieve it when his eyes fell on the nipple clamps resting nearby. With a smile, Phil took both the clamps and the ring-gag from the drawer, and was about to leave the room when another idea struck him.

Three months ago he and Wendy had attended a fetish fair at a local town, more for a laugh than for any other reason. However, as they browsed the stalls, Wendy had seen a pair of what were termed hobble boots and, trying a number on, had found a pair that fit her perfectly. However, in the end the price tag had deterred her from buying them. They were in black patent leather, had 7” heels on them and held the wearers foot in a strict en-point position, with a ridiculous number of lacings up the front to hold them in place. Anyhow, the long and short of it was that Phil had managed to slip away from Wendy briefly at the fair, had dashed back to the stall and purchased a pair in her size, intending to surprise her with them at some point. Well, it looked like the day had come and, after a quick rummage in the base of the wardrobe, Phil turned back to the door bearing a plastic carrier bag containing the boots, still new and in their box.

Making his way downstairs and back to the kitchen, Phil was just in time to hear Wendy say “…sorry, I didn’t mean to say that, will you please say something.”

Entering the kitchen, he saw that Wendy had managed to get her bearings and, by pressing her right hip up against the worktop, was edging her way down the room toward the doorway.

“Don’t worry about it” said Phil as he entered the room, “but you do know how to piss me off at times, so I guess we’ll just have to do something about that won’t we?”

“Hmm, maybe you will,” replied Wendy with a grin. “I hope you’ve got something good in mind. I’m sorry, I just hurt my toe on the counter, and it still hurts now,” she continued.

“Well, I think there’s something I can do to stop that happening again. Here, come with me” Phil replied and, grasping Wendy by the upper arm, guided her slowly out of the kitchen and into the lounge. Backing her up against the sofa he then helped her to sit gently down, her bound arms pinned between her body and the sofa.

“Thanks” said Wendy once he’d helped her to sit.

“That’s alright” Phil replied as he placed the carrier bag by the sofa. “Now which toe hurts?”

“This one” replied Wendy lifting her right foot and wiggling her toe at him.

“Hmm… is that any better?” asked Phil, as he took her foot in hand and started gently massaging her toes.

“Oh yes, much better” sighed Wendy, as Phil continued to gently massage her foot. For a while Phil continued to massage Wendy’s feet, first the right then the left, to the accompaniment of small sighs of pleasure from Wendy’s lips. After a few minutes he lifted Wendy’s right foot and, lowering his head, took her toe in his mouth and began to suck vigorously.

“Ohhh… that’s nice” simpered Wendy as he continued, first sucking on one toe, then the other.

Eventually Phil tired of sucking her toes and, lowering her foot to the floor asked “Are you thirsty?”

“Hmm… I wouldn’t mind another sip of wine.”

“Ok, I’ll be right back,” said Phil and, getting to his feet, left the room for the kitchen.

Going over to the counter, Phil picked up the wine bottle and topped both glasses up before reaching into his pocket and extracting a small medicine bottle containing Viagra tablets. ‘This’ll keep her horny’ he thought and, extracting a single tablet from the bottle, broke it up over Wendy’s glass, allowing the pieces to fall into her drink where they began to dissolve. Picking a teaspoon from the kitchen drawer, her gave her glass a quick stir to help the tablet dissolve fully, before picking up the glasses and making his way back into the lounge.

Setting his own drink on the coffee table, Phil perched himself on the edge of the sofa, his body tilted towards Wendy.

“I guess you’ll need some help with this” he said, a smile on his lips, as he lifted the glass to Wendy’s lips. As she felt the glass approach, Wendy’s lips parted slightly and, as Phil tilted the glass took first one mouthful of wine, then another, before giving her head a small shake. Satisfied, Phil reached over her to put her glass on the side unit before reaching down to rummage in the carrier bag, extracting the box with the shoes.

“What have you got there?” asked Wendy, still unable to see through the heavy blindfold, and curious as to what the noises she heard meant.

“Just a little present for you, something you’ll like,” replied Phil and, lifting the lid from the box he removed the boots from their packing paper.

Sliding down from the sofa, Phil positioned himself kneeling at Wendy’s feet, facing her and lifted her right foot.

“Can you point your toes down please?” he asked her, and Wendy promptly did so. Sliding the boot up, Phil quickly had it in position, snugly encasing Wendy’s foot in stiff leather, and began to work on the lacings, gradually tightening them from bottom to top.

Wendy felt the boot slide onto her foot, her toes squeezed together in it’s tight confines, and felt a strange flush of excitement course through her body as Phil tightened the lacings of the boot. She’d never have thought that having her feet bound up in boots could have such an effect on her, but moment by moment she could feel herself getting turned on more and more. Her breasts and nipples were becoming incredibly sensitive, filled with a strange ache, a longing to be touched, while her pussy filled with a desperate, hungry feeling. Little shivers of electricity shot through her body as she ground her pussy into the sofa, trying to relieve the longing she was feeling.

The laces had been tightened fully on the first boot, her foot clenched remorselessly in a grip of steel, arched in a strict en-point position and her toes crushed together at the tip of the boot. Meanwhile, Phil already had the second boot in place, and was working systematically to tighten the lacings to the limit. He looked up as a groan escaped Wendy’s lips, to see her, head thrown back, grinding her pussy on the sofa beneath her. Grinning to himself to see the drug was already taking effect, he quickly finished off the lacings on the second boot and, standing up, leaned over Wendy to pick up her glass, and raised it to her lips.

“Have another drink” he said, “looks like you need to cool off some” and, as her lips parted slightly, tipped the glass back and poured a little wine into her mouth.

Lost in the throes of her arousal, Wendy swallowed the wine, and then swallowed again as Phil continued to pour the wine into her mouth till the glass was empty. Placing the glass back on the side unit, Phil stood and looked down at Wendy, her body now covered by a thin sheen of sweat.

Crouching in front of her, Phil placed his hand on her inner thighs, slowly sliding them back and forth, gradually getting closer and closer to Wendy’s pussy. Another load groan escaped her lips and she lifted her hips from the sofa, pushing forward as Phil’s’ hands found their target. Rubbing his hands over her upper thighs, Phil used his thumbs to massage around Wendy’s passage, before finally allowing his thumbs to slip inside her.

Another small whimper escaped Wendy’s lips, and then she sighed “Ohhh, fuck me, fuck me hard, pleeeease fuck me now.”

Lifting his hands from her body Phil replied “Not just yet dear, as I said, I’ve got something very special planned for you today. I think it’s time we got you upstairs.”

Grasping Wendy by the shoulders Phil said “Come on now, stand up so we can get to the bedroom,” and, pulling her forward and up, managed to get her to stand, teetering unsteadily on her unfamiliar boots.

Wendy’s body was now an inferno, a hot flush of desire surging through her, with her breasts, nipples and pussy longing, aching to be touched. All she wanted was a large prick to fill her, pounding away at her to satisfy the insatiable monster of desire that was ravaging her. She wanted hands to roughly kneed her breasts, the feeling of teeth biting her nipples and throat, and she let out a groan of denial as Phil lifted her to her feet.

“Noooo…” sighed Wendy, tottering unsteadily on the tips of her toes, the heels of her boots making it almost impossible to stand upright, “fuck me now, pleeease” she said, “we don’t need to go upstairs.”

“Hmmm… I don’t think you understand your situation too well Wendy. You’re not really in a position to tell me what to do are you.” Then, looking at her, he grinned and said, “Oh, perhaps you are, but we can soon fix that can’t we.”

Keeping one hand on Wendy to help hold her upright, Phil crouched down, reached with his free hand in the carrier bag, and stood up holding the ring gag he’d fetched earlier. Stepping in front of Wendy, he leaned forward and planted his lips on hers, his tongue pushing roughly into her mouth, giving her a long deep kiss that she returned with a passion. Breaking off the kiss, Phil rested the palm of his thumb on Wendy’s lips, stroking her lips gently and said “Open wide now dear.”

Wendy did so, opening her mouth to accept his thumb, and as she did Phil slid the ring gag in sideways, levering the lower edge behind her bottom teeth before exerting pressure to open her mouth wide and slipping the top edge of the ring behind her upper teeth.

“Mmmmph…” said Wendy, in surprise and shock, as the ring gag slipped unexpectedly into her mouth. Shacking her head she tried to dislodge the intruder, pushing at it with her tongue, but already Phil had reached behind her head and, with a sharp tug, secured the straps, locking the ring gag firmly in place.

“There, that’s much better,” said Phil with a smile, “guess I won’t be hearing any more orders from you for a while now. Come on, let’s see you get upstairs to the bedroom in those boots.” Grasping Wendy by the arm, he turned her toward the doorway, and with a quick swat on the bum said, “Come on then, lets go.”

Very carefully, teetering on the tips of her outrageous boots, Wendy slowly made her way to the door, with Phil’s hand resting firmly on her arm to both guide her and prevent her toppling flat on her face. Slowly, and painfully, they made there way down the hallway, with Phil guiding Wendy to the base of the stairs.

Standing behind her, with his hands resting on her hips, Phil encouraged her to climb the stairs, with Wendy every step of the way feeling on the verge of loosing her balance and toppling over.

Wrapped in darkness, gagged, arms bound and feet hobbled, with a terrible gnawing ache of desire in her loins, Wendy found it difficult enough to balance, let alone walk or climb stairs, her bodily desires a constant distraction to the task in hand. Breathing a sigh of relief as she finally reached the top of the stairs, she placidly allowed Phil to guide her along the landing and into the bedroom, not that she was in any condition to resist his prompting. Aided by Phil’s guiding hand on her arm, she made her way unsteadily across the bedroom and then, backing up under Phil’s direction, felt the bed against the back of her knees and gratefully sat down before falling back onto the bed. With her arms pinned behind her, trapped by her own weight and the tight, restrictive leather, Wendy let out a sigh and spread her legs slightly, hoping that Phil would take the hint and give her the attention she craved.

She felt Phil settle on the bed beside her and then his hand lightly brushed over her groin, fanning the flames of desire that burned within her, her pussy a raging inferno of lust, desperate to be filled. Letting out one sigh of pure pleasure, then another, she felt Phil’s lips on her right breast, heat burning into her nipple, his tongue flicking back and forth over her areola, and his thumb, now stroking her clit as his fingers worked their way inside her. Her arousal continued unabated as Phil worked her body to a feverish state of excitement, waves of pleasure swelled within her, threatening to engulf her in their unrelenting power. Her body stiffened, her muscles taut, as her long desired orgasm arose, grasping at her soul with tendrils of pleasure, threatening to engulf her at any second. Wendy was in ecstasy, she was finally there, an orgasm within her reach, and so wrapped within herself that she didn’t feel Phil’s hands and mouth leave her body.

However, she certainly felt the sharp, stinging slap, first to her left cheek, and then to her right; and her orgasm, her demon of pleasure and delight rapidly faded away, leaving a heavy, aching emptiness in its place.

“Gruuugh…” growled Wendy through the gag, shaking her head and desperately trying to express her displeasure as best she could.

“Sorry about that, but your not allowed an orgasm yet” she heard Phil say, “my fault, I went a bit too far that time. You all right?” he then asked.

“Urrhhh…” was Wendy’s reply, along with a vigorous shaking of her head no.

“Ah ok, good,” said Phil, “right, well we’d better sort out a bit more bondage for you then hadn’t we.”

“Huuuuh” was Wendy’s disbelieving answer and, with another sigh allowed her head to fall back on the bed in resignation, attempting instead to capture the afterglow of her arousal. As she did, like a background distraction, she could hear Phil rummaging around in the bedroom. Next thing she knew, his hands were on her knees, spreading her legs slightly before something was wrapped round her right leg, just below the knee but above the calf muscle, and buckled tightly into place. Next thing he was fiddling with her left leg, again strapping a buckle into place just below her knee, a tight constriction that, in her endorphin induced high, she found quite pleasant.

A moment later and Wendy felt the sole of Phil’s foot on the inside of her right knee pushing her leg out, while his hand pulled her left knee in the opposite direction, spreading her legs wide and stretching her inner thigh muscles taut, before hearing the small ‘snick’ of a metal rod been slotted home.

The hand and foot left her and, attempting to close her legs, Wendy found she was unable to. Somehow they were locked in position, spread wide with her cunt gaping to the cool, fresh air of the bedroom, totally available and helpless for any marauding male who wanted to take advantage of her. A fresh flush of excitement went through her as she realised her predicament, her arousal and excitement stepping up yet another notch at her increasing helplessness.

Phil meanwhile was still busy, and Wendy now felt him fiddling with her left ankle, as it too was wrapped in a tight strap and buckled firmly. Next came her right ankle, and with the strap attached, Wendy felt Phil lift and place first her right foot, then her left, so that her legs ran parallel from her knees to her toes. Finally she heard another ‘snick’ of a metal pin been slotted home and, by way off an experiment, tried to move her feet closer together (difficult at best with the boots she was wearing), only to find they too were locked a fixed distance apart.

With the Viagra really beginning to kick in, Wendy felt herself in an almost feverish high of arousal. Her nipples, now hard as rocks, jutted proudly toward the ceiling, tingling with excitement and driving her wild to touch them. Her pussy felt like an inferno, boiling with molten lava and throbbing in time with the heartbeat pounding in her ears; her clit was rock hard, engorged with blood, desperate to be touched, and sending little sparks of sexual energy shooting through her. She leapt at the sudden touch of Phil’s hand cupping her pussy, her exclamation of “Ohhhggg…” the best she could do to encourage him to jump her there and then.

“My god girl, you’re soaking down there,” said Phil, his hand tracing a route from her pussy down between her thighs, till a single finger came to rest on her anus. A shiver of excitement went through Wendy as this unexpected sensation, but before she could really begin to enjoy it, Phil took his hand away saying “Right now, we’d better get you up on the bed properly hadn’t we.”

‘God, what’s he gonna do with me now’ thought Wendy, feeling the mattress give slightly under her as Phil shifted about on the bed.

Gripping Wendy by the upper arms, Phil lifted her slightly before tugging her toward the centre of the bed.

“You’re gonna have to help some” he said, struggling to get her into position. Doing her best, Wendy lifted her legs clear of the bed; a strangely awkward manoeuvre for her with her knees and ankles coupled together, and began shuffling backward on her buns as best she could.

After a moments straining backward, Wendy felt Phil tugging her shoulders to the right, twisting her around using her bum as a pivot, before lying her upper body gently down on the mattress.

“Righto, just need to flip you on your front and we’re nearly done.”

Again Wendy felt the mattress shift beneath her as Phil moved round the bed, his hands coming to rest on her left arm and knee. Then, with a sudden tug, she felt herself twisted over onto her front, her left leg flying weirdly high in the air as she did so, it’s path dictated by the device separating her knees and ankles so effectively.

A whole new world of sensations opened up to Wendy’s as her weight now came to bear on her breasts, pushing them firmly into the duvet cover beneath her. The pressure on her breasts was heavenly, a feeling of fullness which she’d never experienced before, with a gentle throbbing in time with her heart. Her nipples seemed to have become super sensitive, picking out every fibre of the material beneath her and giving little jolts of pleasure as they did so.

“Ok, just need you to wriggle down the bed about six inches or so,” said Phil, jolting Wendy out of her musings.

“Grruugh”… she grunted, cursing him in her thoughts, though making her best effort to wriggle down the bed a little. Her progress, more like that of a centipede than a person, brought a smile to Phil’s face as he watched her, first lifting her ass, dragging her torso down the bed, then lowering her ass as she shuffled, first one leg, then the other, backwards an inch or so at a time. After the third centipede shuffle was done Phil said “Ok, that’s enough now,” and Wendy allowed her body to slump back down onto the mattress.

Without sight, Wendy had only hearing and touch to give her any clue what Philip was doing. She felt the mattress shift as he hopped off the bed, then the sounds of rummaging from the far side of the room. She heard him approach the bed again, down by her feet, fiddling briefly with her left ankle. Next moment a sharp tug pulled her ankle out toward the side of the bed, moving her foot about half an inch. Whatever was pulling her foot remained in place, and despite her efforts, Wendy couldn't shift her foot back where it had been.

Next thing Phil was at her right ankle, and the same process was repeated, her right foot pulled slightly out to the right side of the bed and held fast. A moment later Wendy felt him fiddling with her right ankle again, only, this time when the tug came, her foot was pulled firmly down into the mattress and held in position.

'Be my left ankle next' thought Wendy to herself, and indeed she was correct. After a moments work her left ankle too was pulled firmly down into the mattress and held there. Experimentally Wendy attempted to bend her knees, to lift her feet in the air, but was unable to shift them at all, instead finding her feet firmly held in position, with no movement available.

Next she felt Phil touching her left knee, and again, after a moment there was a sharp tugging outward, and her knee shifted slightly toward the side of the bed before been fixed in place. As with the ankles, the right knee was next, and after it was done Wendy had the strange sensation of having her legs utterly immobilised, unable to shift them either left or right by so much as a millimetre.

It was only by pressing down with her breasts and ankles on the mattress, and raising her hips slightly in the air, that Wendy was able to move her knees at all, managing to lift them about an inch, although the effort required to do so was enormous, with the feeling that something was all the while trying to pull her knees back down. Quickly giving up Wendy allowed her body to lie flat again, wondering just what devilish plan Phil had cooked up for her in his feverish little brain.

"Okay Wendy" she heard Phil say, "we need to get you up on your knees now." With that, Wendy felt the mattress shift as he climbed onto the bed, moving round her till she could feel his feet planted either side of her head. Strong, masculine hands gripped her upper arms tightly, and the next thing she knew, her body was lifted into an upright position.

"Mmmuumphh." said Wendy through the gag, and then, as her thighs went past the vertical, she was able to bend at the waist to keep her body upright, falling backward as if to sit on her heels.

"Urrrggghh." was her cry a second later as she realised her predicament. With her legs spread wide, trying to sit back on her haunches put an incredible stain on her thigh muscles, so much so she could feel them start to tremble almost immediately. Lifting herself to the vertical was the only option, which she did, trying hard to concentrate on keeping her balance. Sensing Phil was still standing in front of her, just inches away, Wendy allowed herself to tilt forward cautiously, leaning her weight against him to maintain her balance.

"What's wrong?" asked Phil at the sound of Wendy's distress, followed by her body shifting, leaning forward into him, her face coming to rest against his stomach. "It'd be easier if you could sit back a bit while I get the next bit ready."

Wendy, cut off from the world by her blindfold, tilted her head back to gaze up at where his face must be, and shook her head no.

"What's wrong, is it painful?"

Still looking up toward his face, Wendy shook her head yes, while attempting to speak through the gag, although all that Phil could make out was "uggh grugh fraa."

"Hmm.is it very painful?" asked Phil to which she again nodded yes.

"Well, well" continued Phil, "you learn something new every day." With that Wendy felt his hands grip her shoulders, firmly setting her upright, leaving her to balance blindly on her knees, before the mattress shifted as he jumped from the bed, landing heavily on the floor.

"One must always make the most of the unexpected," Wendy heard him mutter as his footsteps crossed the room. Anxiety gripped the pit of her stomach and she cursed herself silently for revealing the situation too him, listening nervously to the sounds of his rummaging, knowing full well what had to happen next.

At the sounds of his return to the bed, Wendy attempted to protest, "Lhuugh maeee arrlaaan plaaaeezz," whilst twisting her shoulders in a vain effort to keep her hands away from him. Of course it was futile, and a moment later his hands gripped her arms; Wendy felt tugging as rope was threaded through the D-ring at the tip of the mittens and knotted tight, and felt a remorseless pull backward on her body as her arms were drawn down and back behind her toward the head of the bed.

Unable to resist, Wendy's knees bent back till they were at about a 30-degree angle with her lower legs. The strain on her thigh muscles was immense, and still the rope pulled her back, remorseless and unyielding. With no choice, unable to bend her legs further, Wendy leaned her upper body back, taking her weight as best she could on her hands, which Phil continued to pull backward. With her body tilted back and bowed in an arch, hips thrust forward to reduce the strain on her thighs, Wendy finally felt the tugging stop as Phil tied off the rope. Her hands were now at the end of the bed, screwed up in tight fists, knuckles pushing hard into the mattress to support her weight; while her thighs, trembling violently, screamed at her for relief.

"So now, lets see what all the fuss was about," said Phil, though Wendy hardly paid any heed as he climbed on the bed once more. Muscles in her upper arms were already complaining at the unaccustomed strain, as Phil ran his hands over her trembling thighs, up into her crotch, and back down again.

"Hmm, yes," muttered Phil, "I can feel the tension in your legs" and, placing a hand on each thigh, squeezed Wendy's legs in a grip of steel.

A gasp escaped her at his tight grip on her thighs, and then "Geeach meeech oought oof teeess" as she screamed at him through the gag; desperate to be free and absolutely certain it was hopeless to ask. Already the strain was becoming unbearable, and she didn't think she could last for long bound in this strict, uncomfortable position.

"You know, you shouldn't protest so much," said Phil cheerfully, clambering off the bed once more and crossing the room. "You should be grateful really, just think how much worse things could be. What if I tied your head back with another rope, or put nipple clamps on those beautiful breasts of yours." A brief pause then "Dammit, left them downstairs. Ok, head first, then I'll go get the clamps." The sound of his footsteps approaching filled Wendy with foreboding, but at least he didn't have the nipple clamps.yet.

Again, in futile protest, Wendy twisted her head left and right to avoid his hands, but all to soon a length of rope was attached to the rear strap of the blindfold, pulling her head back roughly till her throat was stretched taut, her face tilted up to stare blindly at the ceiling.

"Right, don't go away, I'll be right back" said Phil as Wendy heard him leave the room. She listened anxiously to his progress through the house, heard the distant rustling of a carrier bag followed be the sound of footsteps making their way back up the stairs.

The strain was taking it's toll on Wendy, her arms hurt, her thighs hurt, her jaw was beginning to ache from the gag, and she could feel beads of sweat trickling across her stomach, down her arms and inside her thighs. And the weirdest thing was, despite the pain and suffering she was enduring, she still felt incredibly horny. Her pussy throbbed, aching to be filled; while her nipples and clit seemed to be tingling with excitement as little shivers of electrical energy shot through her. Wendy couldn't remember a time when she'd felt so alive, so vital; and yet at the same time, paradoxically, so helplessly out of control.

"Oh good, your still here" was Phil's cheerful greeting as he re-entered the room. "I had another idea while I was downstairs," he continued, crossing the room and sitting next to Wendy on the edge of the bed, "and you're gonna love it I'm sure."

"Urrrh. whharttegher" was Wendy's resigned reply. He was loving this she realised, all chirpy and cheerful, enjoying seeing her suffer so. Well, one day she'd get her revenge although, to be totally honest, Wendy realised she didn't exactly hate the situation, at least not yet. Although her suffering was increasing by the moment, her arousal was taking the edge off the pain, and perversely, almost seemed to be feeding on her suffering somehow.

Next instant, a sharp lancing pain shot through her left nipple as Phil attached the first clamp, like shards of fire and ice biting into her, and she gasped for breath heavily through the gag. A moment later her right nipple joined it's twin in suffering, and Wendy again gasped for breath, panting heavily through her nose as braids of pain flayed her breasts, sending shockwaves shooting through her body.

"Grruuuuughhhhh." she panted through the gag, twin peaks of pain flaying her soul. Yet at the same time, it wasn't all suffering. As usual, mixed heavily in the pain was a perverse pleasure, and if she could only grab it, she'd hold onto it forever. Yet it was so ephemeral, slipping fleetingly away every time she grasped at it. As feelings like shards of glass tore into her nipples, a jolt of electric current shot through her pussy, an intense arousal filling her with longing. Her cunt was slick and wet; her juices flowed copiously, and already she could feel a trickle down her inner thigh.

Lost in a wilderness of sensation, Wendy was barely aware of Phil slipping a doubled up piece of rope round her waist, of him pulling the free ends through the loop and pulling it tight behind her back. Then, the ends passed back to front between her legs, and Wendy felt the ropes pull tight, burying themselves deep in her ass crack, nestling up against her anus and adding a whole new dimension to the assault upon her body.

She jumped, as if seared by a branding iron, as Phil's hand brushed her pussy, his finger tips spreading her labia lips wide and the rope pulled between them; and she would have given anything for Phil to stroke her to orgasm there and then. However, his plans were very different and, with the ropes pulled tight, she felt a finger slide between them, parting the ropes one to each side of her throbbing, desperate little clit. The finger was withdrawn, and the ropes came together, squeezing her clit firmly, a heavenly sensation that sent fresh waves of pleasure sweeping through her.

The ropes tightened further, burying themselves deep in her crotch, squeezing her clit relentlessly, as Phil pulled hard, tightening them to the limit; and Wendy felt a faint thrumming as the ropes were tied off, fixed securely in place, tormenting her with their promise of ecstasy.

"Hmmm. you look so deliciously helpless my dear" said Phil, finally satisfied with her bondage, "good enough to eat I think, but I'll just have a nibble for now."

Wendy sensed him leaning over her; the bed frame creaked as he knelt on the mattress, his hot breath flowing over her outstretched, oh so defenceless throat. His lips brushed her skin softly, kissing her once, twice, then a third time, then his teeth parted slightly, trapped a little pinch of skin and bit down gently. His lips shifted, another kiss, another little bite.

Wendy shivered with anticipation, his lips brushing her neck, his teeth biting her throat, first a small bite, than another, then a bigger bite, holding on for longer and longer each time; driving home the message of her helplessness, her outstretched throat so vulnerable to him. A primal fear shot through her, mingling with her arousal to heighten the senses, filling her with an erotic dread. The terror of the predator, of the things that stalk the night, swirled within her, blurring with her lust to be taken, to be used, blurring with the passion burning her loins. His jaws stretched wide, teeth clamping and holding tight, threatening to tear out her throat at any minute. Her mind swam with visions of vampires, the films she'd seen, so erotic, so terrifying. Fear filled her mind as a paralysis gripped her, throat bared, quivering in her helplessness; the prey before the predator, keeping still, hoping the beast would pass on by.

The moment stretched and stretched, seemingly toward infinity, but eventually Phil released his grip on her throat, planted a small kiss on her neck and stood straight.

"Indeed, good enough to eat."

Wendy let out a long sigh, unaware she'd been holding her breath she took deep gulps of air; her limbs were weak, trembling from the adrenaline coursing through her veins, and a feeling of numbness settled over her, as if, somehow, the vitality had been drained out of her.

"Right, one last thing and we're done," said Phil after a moment, "then I'll leave you to simmer for a bit, maybe an hour, maybe two." Wendy gave a sigh of resignation as he approached, helpless in her bonds, the will to fight gone, even if she'd been able, surrendering to her fate. She felt Phil slip a plug, first in one ear, then the other, cutting off another of her senses from the outside world, leaving her only with a sense of touch, an awareness of her body and the turmoil of emotions within.

For a while Wendy drifted in a stupor, neither caring or aware of her circumstances; the emotional rollercoaster, followed by her own abject surrender a few minutes previously, still reeling in her brain. Her body though would not be neglected forever; it screamed at her in a language she couldn't ignore, a language of pain and pleasure, of burning muscles and aching limbs, of ecstasy and arousal. And in time, the message got through, piercing her delirium and pulling her back together, back into the present. A present of aching thighs, of straining shoulders and arms, of throbbing breasts and nipples flayed with fire and ice, of tight ropes digging deep into her throbbing pussy, a clitoris thrumming, trapped and squeezed tightly, shooting slivers of sexual energy through her being.

Returning to such circumstances was too much for Wendy to bear, a rage born of desperation arose within her and, with the strength of two men, she heaved and strained within her bonds, fighting furiously for a release, her body twisting and bucking this way and that.  But her bonds had been well placed, by a practiced hand, and held her contemptuously. After five minutes her struggling and thrashing subsided, her chest heaved violently as the breath whistled in and out of her gaping mouth, her body drenched in sweat, matted hair stuck damply to her forehead, having achieved nothing but exhaust herself. 

Letting out a groan Wendy sagged in her bonds, her attempt at escape defeated. Groaning once again, and breathing heavily through her nose, she felt the anguish in her limbs arise once more to torment her. Straining her muscles, she attempted to shift herself slightly, trying to find some relief from her suffering. After a little experimenting she found that, although her arched position offered no relief whatsoever to her burning thighs, by twisting her shoulders one way then the other, she was able to alternate shifting her weight from one arm to the other.

Wendy continued with this for a while, though the effort was rapidly draining her, and the relief she gained was minimal, since the strain on each arm doubled whilst it carried the burden of supporting her. Back and forth she went, from arm to arm, the time each was able to support her growing shorter at each cycle; irritation grew steadily within her, till in fury she screamed through her gag, rage and frustration at her predicament filling her soul.

Again she thrashed in her bonds like a mad woman, her suffering lending her strength, but again she was easily held till the fit had passed and, defeated once more, exhausted both mentally and physically, she slumped back in her bonds, the strength to fight spent; reconciled to suffer her fate.

The minutes ticked by as Wendy hung there, the sound of short sharp breaths whistling through her nostrils. Her body gleamed in the light, glistening with a film of sweat, tiny beads glimmering on her skin like diamonds, trickling down her face, and over her stomach and thighs. Her crotch rope was sodden, inner thighs slick with her juices, mute testament to her continued arousal. Occasionally her body would twitch and flex, straining briefly against her bonds, in response to some sub-conscience desire, falling back in defeat each time after a brief struggle.

Within her bonds Wendy suffered silently, passively; reduced to little more than an object, toyed with by forces beyond her control, she submitted to her destiny as feelings washed over her like waves at the seashore. Her prison, inescapable, made from elements of both heaven and hell, played her mercilessly, raising her to heights of ecstasy before plunging her down into torment time after time.

It was gradually that the transformation happened, as the pain and pleasure, the agony and ecstasy, seemed to grow and spread throughout her body, blurring and blending into one, the flames of arousal consuming them all. Wendy drifted free, the heat of passion buoying her up, a lambent desire suffusing her body. But still the dark throb of a gnawing, aching emptiness clung to her loins; yet even this fuelled her desires, driving her higher, straining for the ultimate release that would set her free.

Her body sung to her, a language without words, auguring of transcendence, of mountainous peaks and exploding stars. Of a promised land of ecstasy and delight, just up ahead, just a little further, if she could only reach out and take it.

And so Wendy strained, timelessly, to reach her goal, the pinnacle of arousal that seemed so tantalisingly near. The lust for relief drove her on, an aching desire that could be appeased in only one way; but the final step eluded her, and so she hung, agonisingly close, on the cusp of the abyss, her arousal a monster ravaging her soul.

After what seemed an eternity, Wendy felt herself slipping, falling away from the promised nirvana. Desperately she tried to cling to the feelings, but they were ephemeral, fleeing from her into the distance. A yawning chasm of exhaustion opened before her, and Wendy slid peacefully into unconsciousness.
