---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/alone.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Alone
authors:
- Anonymous
tags:
- Sbf
- D/s
- latex
- stocks
- cons
- X
---

Alone by Anonymous
Nights like these were the hardest, when I had to do everything myself.
Somehow, when she was here, even if she only watched, it made it sexier
and less humiliating. Alone, following her written commands, there was
nothing to distract me from the bizarre course my life had taken. Nothing
to keep my mind off what I had become. But I had spent too long mulling
over my situation. She would be home soon. I might not be sure I liked
my current life, but I would like it a lot less if she got home and I hadn't
followed instructions.

I took a quick shower and dried off. I had recently finished another
round of laser treatments and hadn't had to shave my hairless body anywhere
in many months. For now, I put my dirty blond hair up in a ponytail to
keep it out of the way. I strode around the house and collected the items
I would need. The small silver bell attached to my left nipple tinkled
quietly as I moved about. She liked to know where I was with having to
ask. I laid out her mail, some wine and a glass, checked the door locks
and lights, and headed downstairs.

Our playroom was warm and familiar, but also frightening. Down here
among the bizarre furniture, racks of leather and rubber, there was no
pretending we led a normal life. The mirrors on the walls and ceiling guaranteed
that I could not pretend that this was some kinky fantasy happening to
someone else. I was the willing bondage slave. I allowed myself a little
shiver and got started. I began with a pair of black leather boots that
come up just above my ankle. Although the heel was very high, the heavy
leather supported my ankles enough that I didn't have to worry about hurting
myself in them. I cinched closed the strap that went around the top of
each boot. I looped in but did not lock one of the many small brass padlocks
piled in front of me. Since I had none of the keys, I did not want to lock
anything until I was sure. Next came a wide leather belt. I wrapped it
around my waist where it covered me from the tops of my hips to just under
my ribs. I had to hold my breath to get it tight enough to close the buckles
on the correct holes. It could be worn looser, but she would count the
holes and punish me appropriately. I went ahead and locked the padlock
on each of the three buckles as nothing else would go on under this.

Next came the top that had been laid out for me. Again in black, the
thick latex top was like a long sleeve turtleneck with two exceptions.
It was cut off high enough that it did not cover my belt and left my ribs
exposed. More importantly, a large oval cut out of the front left amble
room for my breasts to hang freely and unprotected. Although my tits were
not huge, only a small C, my white skin, set off against the black rubber,
made them seem gigantic. I admired myself in the mirror for a moment, torn
between embarrassment and a growing desire. As always, desire won out and
I moved on. I picked up a smooth rubber butt plug and began to lube it
generously. This one flared to to about an inch thick before tapering down
to a narrow base. I knew from experience the extreme taper meant that I
could not push the plug out without using my hands, and I wouldn't have
the use of those much longer.

My bell tinkled again as I bent forward and reached behind to slide
in the intruder. Catching sight of myself in the mirror, bent over and
shoving a thick plug up my own ass, I felt a blush rise in my face and
a wetness swell between my legs. Next came a thick dildo. Even well greased,
it took a few moments for me to accommodate its size and slide it entirely
inside me. Unlike the plug in my ass, this would slide out if left alone.
I took two small snap clips and attached them from a ring on the base of
the dildo to the silver ring in each of my pussy lips. The clips help the
shaft inside me while pulling my lips tightly around its thick base, making
me even more aware of its presence. I took the wires that trailed from
the end of both plugs and tucked them into my belt for now.

I walked slowly across the room to retrieve my next item, almost losing
my balance between the high heels and the plugs making their presence felt.
Even worse than installing the plugs, there was something truly humiliating
about gagging yourself; voluntarily making oneself the mute, uncomplaining
receiver of whatever was about to come. The smooth rubber ball fit tightly
behind my teeth and I began to tighten the numerous straps. Each one got
its own lock; at the back of my neck, under my chin, and at the top of
head. Before locking the top lock, I added a thin chain that ran from the
top to the back of my belt. It had been measured carefully, and for now
it forced me to hold my head up straight. To look down, I had to bend forward
which caused the plugs to slide even deeper within me.

Almost done, I walked back to where our stocks had been set up. She
had adjusted them so that once my neck and arms were secured in the cutouts,
I would be bent over with my back level to the floor. The supports for
the stock extended back on either side and I took the short chain from
each and hooked them to the locks at each of my ankles. With the locks
closed, my legs were held about three feet apart. I took the wires from
my two intruders and plugged them into connectors on the center support
of the stocks that now lay between my spread legs. I bent over again to
retrieve three thin chains attached to a box mounted to the base between
my feet. With the last three locks, I attached one to each of the rings
in my nipples and now swollen clit. These had also been measured carefully
and their short length held me bent over so that my neck now rested perfectly
in its spot on the bottom half of the stocks.

I closed my eyes and ran over everything I had done before taking the
final step. I knew there was no going back, but was still reluctant to
finish, to make myself completely helpless. Eventually, I gave in to the
inevitable and reached up for the top half of the stocks. I laid my neck
and left hand in their assigned spots while I used my right to lower the
heavy wood down on me. As the matching cutouts in the top and bottom met
to encircle my wrists, the top piece bore down on the chain that ran from
the top of my head to the belt. Where before the chain had prevented my
head from bending forward, now it was held back so that I was forced to
look straight forward from my bent over position. The dull click of the
latch told me that I was secured.

The stocks had been positioned so that I faced a mirror on the wall.
There was no escaping the sight of what I had done to myself. The chains
at my nipples pulled down enough so that I could see the end of each of
my breasts in the mirror, trapped like the rest of me. A tiny drip of drool
formed at the corner of my ball-filled mouth and ran down my chin. I could
see the stairs lead up directly behind me so that anyone coming down, their
first sight would be my backside; bent over, plugged, and chained in place.
I curled my back as much as possible, pulling against the tethers from
my nipples, to test what I suspected about the box they were linked to.
If I pulled hard enough, so that my nipples were painfully stretched by
their piercings, a switch in the box clicked and the plugs in my lower
half suddenly sprung to life. My whole body jumped from the sudden sensation
in my plugged holes and as I released the pull on my tits, the vibrations
stopped.

Next I tried to lift my hips by going up on my toes. I lifted as high
as the restrictive boots allowed and the chain at my clit was pulled taught.
I arched my back until I thought I could not bear the painful pulling at
the ring in my clit. The two plugs sprung to life again. The plug in my
pussy vibrated faster than the one in my ass so rolling waves of sensation
spread from my exposed crotch through my whole ensnared body. I tried to
hold it as long as possible before the pain in my feet and clit forced
me to release the chain and the plugs died again. Quickly, any embarrassment
I felt from my current position was overwhelmed by the need for relief
from the growing hunger in my pussy. I alternated between pulling on my
tits and my clit, desperately trying to withstand each position's torment
long enough for my two intruders to push me over the edge.

Over and over, I tried to hold on long enough to cum, and each time
exhaustion and pain forced me to relax and let my release slip away. I
closed my eyes so I wouldn't have to see the pathetic creature I had turned
into. Desperately stretching and squirming for relief from the torment
I had inflicted on myself. I was so lost in the competing waves of sensation
that rushed through me I did not even hear her footsteps on the stairs.
I found out later that she had stood quietly watching for several minutes
as the sweat dripped off my writhing form and the juice dribbled down the
inside of my spread thighs. I only realized she was there when the sudden
crack of a crop hitting my ass filled the room making me freeze.

In the mirror, I could see her standing behind me with a wicked smile
on her face, a riding crop in one hand and an empty wine glass in the other. 
Suddenly, the humiliation of my condition rushed back to me and a quiet
whimper of pain and need snuck past my gag. The room grew oddly quiet,
the slight tinkling of my bell the only sound. Finally she broke the long
silence, "I told you to wear your hair down." I looked at my ponytail in
the mirror and knew it was going to be a long night.

30.09.02
02.11.04 updated
