---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Changing Room
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- F/m
- F/f
- majick
- witch
- transform
- spandex
- leotard
- packaged
- box
- gift
- worn
- exercise
- tease
- les
- mast
- climax
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2007-11-28 00:00:00
---

The sound of the bed side alarm springing into action shocked Barry
out of his peaceful slumber. He reached over and slammed the thing into
submission. Barry turned and looked over at the woman lying next to him.
She was so peaceful, \*how could she always sleep through the damned alarm\*
thought Barry. Barry began thinking about the supple woman lying next to
him. Last night had been so wonderful, she was so beautiful, Barry knew
that Melissa was perfect. So why the hell had he married Jean!?

Barry knew why he was married to a woman he didn't love. She was rich.
Living with Jean meant Barry would never want for anything again. Except
Melissa. Jean was so weak, so cutesy. Barry leaned down and kissed his
love on the lips. Melissa turned slightly in her sleep and wrapped her
arms around Barry. Once again he lay down and snuggled with her.

Barry awoke some time later. \*Shit\* was the first thing he thought.
He pulled himself from Melissa's embrace and began frantically pulling
on clothes. He was going to be late for work, just what he needed. Once
he had everything together he kissed Melissa again and went out to his
car.

The work day was quite normal. He got an earful from his section head
about being late but with an asshole like Quentin White as section head
he always expected some complaint each morning. He didn't let it bother
him and worked the day away.

Tomorrow was his and Jean's first anniversary. He would have to go out
again tonight after work and get her a present. Barry decided to go home
first, ask what she wanted and then go and get it for her. \*Keep the bitch
happy\* he thought.

Jean eagerly kissed her husband as he arrived home from work. He had
had to go to some business function last night and she was happy to see
him.

"Hi honey," she said and she smothered her husband with a
wife's love.

Barry said hello and then went upstairs to change. Jean followed close
behind.

"What do you want for our anniversary Jeanie?" Barry asked.
Jean began to think. She hadn't really thought about it until now. She
watched as Barry removed his shirt and she admired his athletic figure.

"I know! I know," she shouted, "I want to be fit like
you, that means going to the gym and that means that I want a new leotard.
A green one."

Barry looked up at her halfway through removing his belt to take off
his trousers. "You must be joking, there is no way that I'm going
into a store to buy a leotard. I'd feel like an idiot."

"Pleeeeease," Jean said putting on a hurt puppy expression,
"I really wa...." Jean stoped short. Barry had just removed his
trousers and around his waist were a pair of frilly panties with the name
"Melissa DeBois" written on the side. Jean felt a horrid sinking
feeling. Barry had stopped moving too realising what had just happened.
Jean's eyes begun to get watery and she ran from the room.

"Shit", Barry said out loud. He realised that he must have
put on the wrong underwear in his rush this morning. Barry began to wonder
what he would do now. Suddenly an idea struck. Maybe if he went out and
got Jean what she wanted, she might forgive him, and he could make up some
believable story then. Barry finished changing and went out to the nearest
department store.

\*I never realised that so many babes worked in these places\* Barry thought
to himself. He walked over to a counter in the clothing section. The girl
behind the counter was beautiful. She had raven black hair that reached
right down to her beautiful ass. Her breasts were the personification of
perfect and she wore a tight fitting black dress.

"Can I help you sir?" the woman in black asked.

Barry went a bit red over what his next question would be and said quietly
"I'd like to buy a green leotard for my wife."

The girl smiled and motioned for Barry to follow her. She led him into
a changing room and then turned to face him.

"What are we doing in here?" Barry asked.

"This is the changing room sir," the woman said, "this
is were people change into their clothes."

"Yes, bu.." Barry stopped. He felt a pain shoot through his
body and slowly he began to shrink. He tried to move but he couldn't feel
his arms or legs to do so.

The woman looked down at the pile of clothes were the man had been standing.
She sifted through the pile and produced a green spandex leotard.

Barry could see what he was, although he wasn't sure quite how, he had
no eyes. The woman held Barry at arms length and examined him. She gently
rubbed the soft material around the crotch of the garment. Barry could
feel his whole body, or.. whatever, light up with pleasure. The woman smiled,
folded Barry up and put him into a small box.

Jean heard the doorbell ring. Barry hadn't come home last night and
she had spent the whole night in her room crying. She slowly climbed off
the bed, rubbed her sore eyes and then went to the door. She opened it
to find a beautiful black haired girl carrying a box.

"Mrs Jean Paine, this is an anniversary present from your husband,
Barry Paine".

Jean mustered the best smile she could then thanked the woman and took
the box. She felt very strange about this woman, somehow attracted in a
way she never had felt about anyone before. "Please come in and have
a drink." she said.

The woman followed her through to the main room where they both sat
down and Jean began to open the box.

Light shone into the box and the lid was lifted and Barry looked up
to see his wife smiling happily as she saw the present she had asked for.
Barry felt her lift him out of the box and then rub his soft material against
her face. Once again, pleasure flew through his body. Jean quickly stood
up and strangely, striped right in front of the black haired witch. She
carefully stepped through into Barry and then slid him up her body. The
sensation was amazing, Barry felt as though Jean had just climbed into
his body and then the realisation hit him that that was exactly what she
had done. She began to rub the material against her skin with her hands
and begun to moan with pleasure.

The woman stood up and walked over to her. "Would you like to go
to the Gym Mrs Paine," she said, "I know a great one right near
here".

"The would be lovely," Jean responded, "and please, call
me Jean."

Barry thought it was strange the way Jean was acting about this woman
but soon they were in Jean's car on the way to the gym. Jean slowly rubbed
her crotch and Barry at the same time giving both of them a pleasurable
wave.

The woman lead Jean, still clad in Barry into the gym and signed them
both up for an aerobics class. They sat down and waited for the class to
begin. Slowly the woman leant over to Jean and kissed her softly on the
lips. This action caught a few glares from other patrons and Barry was
horrified. Barry knew that Jean wasn't like this.

Before Barry had the chance to consider the action further, a gym instructor
came out and told all the ladies waiting around that the class was ready
to begin.

Now, Barry had felt a nice pleasure when Jean had first stepped into
him and he felt waves of pleasure pass over his spandex body as she walked
around in him. But all that was nothing compared to the pleasure he received
while she did aerobics. Each supple movement of her body would send pleasure
straight to his "brain?" and he wanted so much to climax. But,
without the proper equipment, that was impossible.

By the time the workout was finished, Barry was soaked in Jeans sweat.
It made him slick and shiny. The woman towelled Jean down, rubbing a little
excessively around Jeans groin and then the two (three including the sentient
leotard) went back home.

When they got in Jean and the woman went straight to Jean's room. Jean
lay back on the bed and the woman leaned down and begun to caress her clit
through the soft material that was Barry. Barry could feel himself become
moist again as Jean's juices began flowing. The woman reached over and
put a hand on Jean's forehead and Jean fell off to sleep. Then the woman
carefully removed Barry and carried him into the laundry.

Once again, the woman held the now soiled Barry at arms length. "I've
changed things now," she said, "Jean was is no longer married
to you, she never was. I have changed things so that I have been her lover
for the last year and that you are my present to her. Barry Paine has never
existed any more."

Barry was confused, \*why\* was all he could think.

"Let me tell you why, my lovely creation," with that, the
woman's face changed and she became Melissa. "I first met Jean about
nine months ago when she came shopping in the store. I fell in love with
her straight away, she was so beautiful and cute. So I lured you away from
her by posing as Melissa and then did this." The woman smiled, changing
back into the raven bombshell she was before. "I suppose there could
have been easier ways, but this was so much more fun and besides, I liked
screwing you. And now, Jean has a beautiful green leotard to wear and maybe
she'll let me wear it too. That would be nice. But first, we need to get
all of that sweat and cum off of you."

The woman opened the washing machine and dropped Barry in. Barry looked
up at the woman and mentally screamed \*NO\* as she closed the lid.

The End
