---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/shannas_first_time.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Shanna’s First Time
authors:
- Shanna
tags:
- Sbf
- tape
- caught
- M/f
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-30 00:00:00
---

Hi, I'm Shanna. The first time I got into self bondage was last week
after I was surfing the net, and saw this site. My Fianncee, Jack read
these stories which gave me the idea to create a fantasy for him of my
own.

To start out, I'm in my mid twenties. I'm 5'2" My mesurements are 36B-29-36.
I've got long Strawberry blonde hair, and blue eyes. After deciding to
tie myself up for my fiancee to find, I decided to find materials to work
with. Because I've never been tied up before, I wasn't sure what to use,
and neither Jack or I had any toys. So I found a roll of Duct Tape, and
my vibrator and plug. (Which are the only two toys I have.)

It was on a Friday night. Jack went out with his friends for a few hours
to a bar to do whatever guys do. I took a long hot bath, where I shaved
my pussy completely bare. I've only done this once before because Jack
all but begged me too. But it was something I could get used to. After
my bath, I put on my favorite pair of panties. A pair of pink string bikini
panties, with red strings and little red bows at the corners. This pair
of panties was too small for me, which is why I liked them, the front
of the panties barely covered my crotch, and the back was so low that the
top of my crack was visible. I gathered my duct tape and toys and layed
out on the bed to begin.

First I wanted to work myself up. Not to give myself an orgasm but enough
to wet my panties. I rubbed myself over my panties, getting them nice and
wet, bitting my lip, trying to stop. Once my panties where wet, I slid
them off. I opened my mouth, and put the crotch of the panties on my tongue,
stuffing the rest in my mouth. I could barely fit them all the way in but
I got my mouth closed around them and tore off a piece of tape, stretching
it over my lips. I plastered two more pieces of tape over my mouth and
began to work with the toys.

The vibrator went in first. I set it on the lowest setting and slid
it into my pussy. I've never pushed it all the way in before... WOW!!!!
I had to control myself to keep from ending this before it started. I
spread my legs wide and put a piece of tape tightly over my pussy to keep
the vibrator in. Then came the plug. It took me a few minutes to get it
in, because I was shuddering through the pleasure and anticipation. But
the plug slid up into my ass and I put another piece of tape tightly over
my ass to keep the plug in.

With the roll of tape, I taped around my ankles several times, then
taped around my thighs, pinning my legs together, making the low vibrator
even more powerful. Then came my hands, I put my hands behind me and
managed to tie them together with a twist tie. Then I worked for what seemed
hours to get a long strip of tape around the twist tie so I couldn't untie
it.

Now there was nothing left to do but wait. After about twenty minutes
of just laying there in mindblowing exstacy I decided to get into the part
and rolled around a little on the bed, squimring. I let out a scream which
barely sounded like a whimper. "MMmmmmmmmph..." I loved this. I REALLY
loved the feeling of no control. The feeling of helplessness.

After another hour or so, along with 6 orgasms, the telephone rang next
to our bed. I didn't care who it was, I was so engrossed in myself. After
a few rings, I heard Jack's voice on the machine. "Shanna, baby. The guys
are a little trashed, I have to get em all home. Be home in a few hours.
Don't wait up for me, baby."

I closed my eyes and shook my head. "MMMMMMMMRRRRRRMMMMMMPHMMMMPH!!!!!"

It was hard to think straight with the seventh orgasm, but I remembered
I had a pair of scissors in the kitchen. I squirmed and rolled off our
bed, my body glistening with perspiration. I slithered like a snake down
the hall, and into the kitchen. But I couldn't get up onto my feet!!! I
just lay there and breathed heavily, whimpering. "Mmmmmmph.. mmmummfmmph....
mmmmmhmmmfph..."

I suppose it was about 3am in the morning when Jack came home. He came
into the kitchen for a beer or something, and he saw me on the floor. The
look on his face was well worth all the time I spend tied and gagged. He
didn't believe his eyes at first, then he thought maybe I was tied and
gagged by robbers or something...

Until he found the vibrator and plug.
He took me back to the bedroom and we had the most incredible sex of our
lives... but he didn't untie me untill the morning.
