---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- F+/f+
- bond
- fantasy
- majick
- vr
- naked
- chain
- collar
- chastity
- toys
- slave
- sold
- gag
- piercing
- rope
- incest
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-10-18 00:00:00
---

### Part 12

#### Chapter 55: The Slave Caravan

---

The caravan broke camp long before dawn, the stars shining like diamonds, the constellations of the Slave Girl and the Sex Toy shining above them in the blackness of the sky, the air chill on the bare flesh of the chained slave girls. The Slavers riding camels and the slaves walking beside them, lines of ten or twelve girls chained together by their collars, new slaves separated from those who had been trained and the personal slaves walking on leashes beside their masters or mistresses.

Amanda had not been surprised when she woke to find herself chained by a collar in a line of slaves and when ordered up by a slaver with a whip she stood obediently like the others. Judging by the way the girls around her moved, it appeared none of them resented their capture and enslavement. Like her fellow slaves, Amanda’s wrists were chained behind her back and, like all the new slaves she wore a training harness, chains from her collar to rings around her breasts, smaller rings held by chains around her nipples, something that looked like a chastity belt locked around her hips and inside her a large phallus. It reminded her of her encounter with Saad but did not match his huge cock which had entered her twice more after she had pleasured him and brought her almost as much pleasure both times. She had cried out in her lust and after their first coupling he had gagged her. Finally, she had fallen asleep, still bound, in his arms.

Before they departed, the slave girls were made to hold out their tongues and a slaver came along the line to place a drop of a bitter liquid on each.

Then the caravan left and from that moment, Amanda’s training as a slave girl began. It was clear that the phallus inside her moved as she moved, vibrating magically, buzzing, teasing, arousing, just as the rings around her nipples teased and excited them, making them stand stiff and erect and sensitive to the gentle desert breeze that caressed her naked skin. It wasn’t long before she could feel the moisture on her thighs as her sex began to drool.

These devices did not have the intensity of the rings and the wand she had used before but they were held to her body by chains and there was no chance of her escaping their effect as she was force-marched across the hot sand.

She wasn’t alone, of course, all around her, she could see the effect of the trading harnesses on her fellow slaves, see it in the way they moved, hear their soft moans, smell the scent of their bodies. The harnesses made a girl walk in a certain way, made her hold her head up and thrust out her breasts, lift her knees and sway her hips and it wasn’t long before all the new girls were walking in this way, aping the movements of the trained slavegirls.

By the time they stopped to shelter from their heat of the midday sun, Amanda ’s body was almost bursting with need, a lust so strong that she was surprised she hadn’t climaxed. In fact, when she was able to form coherent thought in the maelstrom of sexual signals assaulting her brain, she realised that none of the others had climaxed either. In these lines of nubile, submissive, horny girls, chained and forcibly aroused, not one had fallen to her knees and screamed with the relief of that climax that they surely all desired.

There were cries, however, when they stopped; plaintive wails as her fellow slaves found themselves no longer permitted to perform the movements that brought them so much pleasure. Instead, they hurled themselves to the ground, gyrating hips and rubbing thighs together; some girls pressed their body against a neighbour seeking to satisfy their craving, mouths hungrily seeking mouths and nipples; knees and thighs pressing against the crotch chains of training harnesses. They were soon separated, however, and gags placed in open mouths, ankles bound, spreaders placed between thighs in a way that only served to increase the girls’ frustration.

---

By the fourth day of the forced march, all the new slaves were gagged constantly except when they are being fed and watered and they drooled from their mouths and pussies in equal quantities and constantly in what should have been considered a reckless waste of water in the desert. However, the Slavers appeared not to care, their minds on the profit of slavegirls so hot with lust that the desert heat barely touched them. Only the trained slaves, elegant and constantly lascivious, regarded them with pity as the girls in Amanda’s coffle and the other new girls moaned and whimpered their need.

After two days, Amanda’s body had been burning with a lust she could barely comprehend, her pussy literally dripping as she swaggered like the slut she had become, flaunting her body shamelessly to any man that would look at her in the hope that he might take pity on her. None did. Then, as they entered the oasis, she became more hopeful: excited as the eyes of the men and women there raked her naked, chained body.

Here, like the others, she was stripped of her training harness and chained to one of a line of pillars that seemed to stretch to the horizon, her body brazenly displayed, hands above her head, ankles chained apart. Helpless and desperate, she found herself fondled by dozens of hands, fingers caressing her nipples, throbbing and sensitive after the magical stimulation, and stroking the lips of her sex to gather her juices which the Slavers tasted to assess her ripeness.

If she had not still been gagged, she would have begged for this treatment to continue.

‘This one.’ A Slaver, another Jewell in a leather harness that left her breasts bare and a short cage skirt that hid none of her sex pointed at Amanda with the finger that she had just used to sample Amanda’s juices.

Saad freed her from the post but left her wrists and ankles cuffed then pushed her to her knees.

‘You won’t be disappointed,’ he told the Jewell. ‘This one was an Adventuress.’

‘Not quite,’ The Jewell said. ‘I do not sense that she has completed the test.’

Money changed hands and a part of Amanda wished she knew how much; then a leash was clipped to her collar and she was led away, crawling beside her new mistress.

---

Amanda hung by her wrists with her arms and legs spread.

Crawling beside the Jewell seemed to have excited her as much as walking through the desert in the coffle even though she no longer wore the harness or had the phallus inside her. Perhaps it was the prolonged arousal, perhaps it was her body being conditioned as Saad had told her would be needed, perhaps it was the fact that, after the sexual torment of her forced march across the desert, her body was still burning with need, her juices still running down her thighs and her nipples as hard as stones.

The Jewell had lead her to a training pit, an underground chamber filled with restraints and harnesses, implements of torture and of teasing. She had not resisted as the buxom brunette in the harness and cage skirt had fastened her to one.

The Jewell now stood before her brazenly with her hands on her hips.

‘Welcome to the temple of Artemis,’ she said. ‘You may call me Goddess.’

‘Yesh, Gddesh,’ Amanda replied around her gag.

‘Good.’ The Jewell smiled and fondled Amanda’s breast, then pinched her nipples still wickedly sensitive from the rings of the training harness.

‘Ooaaahh.’ Amanda threw back her head and whimpered with pleasure.

‘Excellent.’ The Jewell picked up a device from the table beside her that resembled a large pair of tongs. Amanda eyed it warily, her body starting to tremble as the Jewell thrust them into a brazier that she’d not noticed before.

‘I hope you’re ready for this.’

‘Eh?’

The Jewell lifted the tongs, now glowing red after an impossibly short time in the coals and guided them towards Amanda’s right nipple.

‘You may cum as you are pierced.’ Artemis said.

‘Biershehd?’ Amanda tugged at her bonds, struggling wildly then screamed as the ring pierced her right nipple then she climaxed so hard she almost passed out.

The same thing happened with the left one and then she hung there, helpless, wrung out, her nipples throbbing, the scent of burnt flesh in the air.

‘Ish this my trial?’ Amanda said weakly around her gag.

The Jewell who Amanda knew was the goddess Artemis laughed. ‘No, this is your wet dream.’

That’s when Amanda finally passed out.

---

Amanda woke with her nipples throbbing and her body stiff and cold. Cautiously, she opened her eyes to find that it was still night and she was lying alone in the sand. Her first instinct was to look down at her nipples but there were no gold rings piercing them. She tried to move but found her wrists and ankles were still bound with the silks. Looking down beyond her breasts at the rest of her body she realised she was still naked.

After several minutes of concerted effort it became clear was not going to be able to free herself and she rolled up onto her knees berating herself as a rather poor Adventuress. She would, she guessed, have to work on her escapology skill.

Immediately around her she could see nothing but sand and the trees of the oasis where she had danced the night before.

‘Bashtard,’ she said aloud, only then realising she had been left gagged.

Then she saw it, a shape in the sand that resolved into her pouch with Luci’s knife. Sighing through her gag, she began to crawl awkwardly towards it.

---

#### Chapter 56: Preparing to Enter Thoth

---

Ellie started awake, opening her eyes to find a shadow looming over her, black against the surrounding darkness. Dragged suddenly from sleep she sought to protect herself, trying to roll away and found her arms spread and her wrists bound; it was the same with her ankles. Still half sleeping, panic gripped her, the fear palpable in the constricting of her throat and she sucked in air to scream only to feel a large hand press over her mouth.

‘Mmmphhh.’ Ellie thrashed wildly, tugging at her bonds still disorientated.

‘Honey!’

Ellie looked up to see two eyes, black points in white in a black scarred face leering over her as the demon resolved itself into Battle Babe.

‘Honey.’ The familiar rich deep voice stilled her. ‘Are you ok?’

Ellie nodded her fear evaporating to be replaced by relief and then embarrassment as the Warrior removed her hand from over Ellie’s mouth.

‘I’m sorry I startled you,’ the big warrior said.

‘It’s ok,’ Ellie said as calmly as she could to cover the sound of her heart pounding so hard in her chest she was sure the other woman could hear it. ‘I’m good.’

‘Being black has its advantages in the darkness.’ BB gave her a flash of white teeth. ‘I just hope your mother doesn’t catch me standing over you and put an arrow in my back.’ She chuckled and began to release Ellie’s wrists.

‘Thanks, Beeb,’ Ellie said.

‘For waking you up or untying you?’

‘For letting me plan what we do in Thoth.’ Ellie sat up and touched the woman’s shoulder as she crouched untying Ellie’s ankles. ‘I know you have your doubts about me.’

Battle Babe shrugged. ‘You’re the first Seductress I’ve ever had.’ She paused then added. ‘In my party, I mean.’ She laughed. ‘I’ve done a lot of this stuff and, if I’m honest, you’ve made me realise I was getting into a bit of a rut. You’ve certainly made me think.’

Ellie leaned forward and rubbed her ankles.

‘Here,’ the Warrior said. ‘You want some?’ She held out a cup.

‘What is it?’

‘Try it.’

Ellie took the cup and sniffed it suspiciously. ‘Is this coffee?’ Ellie took a sip. ‘Oh, that’s so good.’

‘There’s a black market in all kinds of things here in Thoth.’ Battle Babe stood.

Ellie took another swallow of coffee then stood and hugged the big Warrior. ‘Thanks, Beeb.’

‘Whoa!’ Battle Babe shrugged her off.

‘This is how we Seductresses do it,’ Ellie said, handing the mug back to her. ‘We’re very tactile.’

‘Just as long as you aren’t trying one of your Seductions on me!’

‘As if I would.’ Ellie pouted. ‘But if you feel like talking, I am curious to know what you had against that Merchant?’

‘Then you will remain curious.’ Battle Babe stood. ‘And that reminds me. You’ve Levelled up but you haven’t chosen your options.’

‘I’ll get round to it. I’ll probably choose the Assassin route.’

Battle Babe raised an eyebrow.

‘What? They’re useful skills.’

Battle Babe grinned. ‘Just do it now.’

‘Ok.’

Ellie called up the figures again, Honey’s future choices. The Honey in Merchant’s blue with the images behind of Honey the Slaver and the leather clad figure with her face partly obscured by a mask with the Spy and the other figures behind. Her gaze was drawn this time to the Dark Seductress. Taking a deep breath, she pushed the Merchant aside and embraced her inner Assassin.

‘Good girl,’ Battle Babe said. ‘But remind me not to stand with my back to you any longer.’

‘You’re safe with me,’ Ellie said, surprised that Honey had spoken. ‘And, for the record…’ Honey reached out to touch the Warrior’s arm. ‘If ever you feel the need to talk, I really am here for you.’

‘Don’t even think about it!’

‘But you know you should unburden yourself.’ Honey took a step closer.

Battle Babe rolled her eyes but didn’t look away or step back.

‘You were clearly lovers.’ Ellie, or possibly Honey, prompted seeking the woman’s gaze.

‘What?’

‘Oh, come on!’ Ellie said, her voice soft, coaxing, honeyed. ‘It doesn’t take my character class’ acute powers of observation to work that one out.’

‘Alright,’ the Warrior said irritably. ‘She lived in Kahalis and, as a low level Warrior, I arrived looking for work. She took me on as her bodyguard and we became…intimate. Anyway, after a while I went off adventuring again but then, one day I found myself back in Kahalis looking after a party of adventurers. I must have been Level 5 and had just got my license to lead parties. She’d done very well, even joined the council. She came to me and said she had a Quest for me. It seemed a little odd coming that way but I was new to being a party leader and I trusted her, so I took my party off in search of this magical gem she was after.’ Battle Babe shrugged. ‘Turned out it wasn’t a Minotaur at the centre of the labyrinth it was a Medusa. Three of my party got turned to stone. It was only the fact that one of them was carrying a polished shield that stopped the same thing happening to me.’

‘Doesn’t that sort of stuff happen sometimes?’ Ellie asked.

‘The council would never have sanctioned something that risky with a party of newbies. Needless to say there was a complaint from one of the punters. I nearly lost my license. She got kicked off the council.’

‘That must have been some time ago, so why get your revenge now?’

‘I’d like to say that ‘revenge is a dish best served cold’ line but actually, it’s because I’ve been Level 9 for some time. I’m going to have to Sublime soon. I can’t hold it back much longer. As one of the Levelled I can do stuff like that. Once I’m Sublimed, there are likely to be consequences. So, if you have any grudges it's probably better to deal with them sooner rather than later.’

‘Selling her into slavery was quite a revenge.’

‘Yeah.’ Battle Babe looked a little wistful. ‘Especially for a dominatrix.’

---

The first hint of light was creeping across the horizon and the rest of the party was starting the now familiar morning rituals, drinking water from their canteens, rolling up bedrolls.

‘Where’s Mum?’ Ellie asked, suddenly looking around her.

‘Er…she…’. Val looked sheepish.

At that moment, Amanda appeared, striding out of the desert.

‘Amazonne,’ Battle Babe called. ‘We were just getting worried.’

‘I went to do a little research,’ Amanda said. ‘For Honey’s plan.’ She gestured behind her. ‘I met this lovely Slaver called Saad and…’ She looked away, suddenly. ‘Anyway he showed me a bit about being a slave girl.’

‘You went to the slaver’s camp?’ BB asked, amused.

‘Bit reckless wasn’t it?’ Val said disapprovingly.

Amanda fixed her with a glare. ‘I’m an Adventuress.’ She pouted. ‘Reckless’ is my middle name.’

‘Mum are you drunk?’

‘No, Honey.’ Haven’t touched a drop. ‘Cross my heart.’ She laughed and staggered slightly. ‘Though I may still be a little high.’

Ellie regarded her mother suspiciously. ‘What happened to your clothes?’

‘Oh!’ Amanda looked down at herself. ‘I lost them.’

‘Lost them.’

‘I did bring these.’ Amanda held up two strands of red silk that were almost translucent. ‘Where should I put them?’ She lifted them and draped them lopsidedly over her nipples. ‘Here?’ She lowered it to her crotch. ‘Here?’

‘You should probably be naked anyway.’

‘Oh, Honey.’ Amanda giggled. ‘We have to have a talk about this libido of yours.’

‘Mum!’

‘Oh, Honey. I’m teasing you. I’m thoroughly looking forward to being bound and gagged and led into the Slave City of Thoth by my daughter.’ She winked. ‘Wait, can I smell coffee?’

---

‘Ready Mum?’ Ellie held up the coil of rope from Amanda’s pack.

‘Always.’ Amanda turned and crossed her wrists. ‘No rope burns please.’

‘I'll do my best.’ Ellie laughed and looped the rope around her mother’s wrists. ‘This is kinda weird though don’t you think?’

‘I prefer not to think about it,’ Amanda said flatly. ‘My own daughter, selling me into slavery.’

‘You love it really.’ Ellie tied off the rope. ‘You want a crotch rope too?’

‘This will be fine,’ Amanda said firmly. ‘By the way is…er…can you…’

‘No mum,’ Ellie said, lowering her voice. ‘I still can’t and it’s kind of frustrating.’

‘Maybe we can get yourself cured or whatever in Thoth.’

‘I hope so.’

‘You probably don’t want to know what I got up to last night then.’

‘Mum!’

‘What?’ Amanda said. ‘Just because my raving nymphomaniac of a daughter who’s been shagging everyone and everything that moves has got a Curse of Frigidity on her I’m not allowed to fool around and get myself laid.’

‘It’s not a Curse of Frigidity, it’s libido vampire venom.’ Ellie hissed. ‘And I’m not in the least bit frigid. It’s quite the opposite problem. Which reminds me. What happened between you and Cordelia?’

‘Cordelia?’

‘The libido vampire.’

A grin spread across Amanda’s face.

‘Actually, mum, don’t tell me that either.’

They were interrupted by the approach of Maiko. ‘I ready,’ the girl said. ‘You want me naked?’ The pretty Japanese girl’s hands were already at the lapels of her kimono.

‘You not going naked,’ Bu-Shi-Doll said firmly.

Maiko’s face took on a sour expression.

‘I think we might attract too much attention if we walk into the Slave City of Thoth with a virgin on display,’ said Battle Babe with a grin.

‘I not necessarily a virgin,’ Maiko said tersely even as her cheeks flared red.

BB regarded her with amusement. ‘You’re a virgin.’

Maiko looked at Ellie for support but Ellie shrugged.

‘You tie my elbows together too,’ Maiko said. ‘Make my tits look bigger.’

Ellie laughed and spun the little brunette round, cutting off a length of rope and binding her wrists. Maiko pushed her elbows together and Ellie used a second length of cord to bind them, finding they touched easily.

‘I very supple,’ Maiko said. ‘You could tie me in all sorts of positions.’

Ellie leaned in. ‘I might just take you up on that,’ she whispered, patting Maiko’s bottom and smiling as the little Japanese gasped. ‘Be careful what you wish for Maiko. This is the Slave City of Thoth we’re heading for.’

Maiko turned, a look of shock on her face.

‘I’m just saying,’ Ellie said with a grin, ‘a pert little slave girl like you would go for a hundred Krowns easily. We might decide to sell you and split the profits.’

‘You not…’ Maiko looked at the rest of the party who were staring at her. ‘You kidding.’ Then she blushed and leaned towards Ellie. ‘Actually, I really like that. Perhaps I be harem slave or sex geisha.’

‘Not this time,’ Ellie said. ‘Once we’re inside I’ll release you. I need your…skills.’

Maiko dropped her voice. ‘What kind of skills?’

Ellie whispered back. ’The Ninja ones.’

Maiko gave her a look of excitement. ‘Katana Girl is ready.’

‘Are we all ready?’ Battle Babe cut in. ‘Sun’s coming up.’

Ellie glanced at her. ‘My original plan was for three slaves,’ she said.

‘Why?’

‘There are four of us, we’re hardly going to come here to sell a couple of slaves.’

‘Are you volunteering?’ Val asked.

‘No.’ Ellie turned to face the Viking. ‘But you are.’

‘No way, blondie,’ Val said.

‘She’s right Valkyrie,’ Battle Babe said and Ellie was sure there was a smirk evident in her voice which she kept off her face. ‘We need another slave. You’ll have to do it.’

Val glared at the party leader but took off her sword and turned her back to allow Ellie to bind her wrists.

‘Excellent,’ Ellie said. ‘One Adventuress who’s lost her knickers, a hot little virgin and a sex crazed Warrior.’

‘Ellie!’ Amanda said.

‘That’s Honey to you, Slave.’ Ellie looked sternly at her. ‘Mistress Honey, actually.’

Amanda looked shocked.

‘Say it or mamma use the quirt.’ Ellie raised the cords she was holding.

Amanda lowered her eyes. ’Yes, Mistress Honey.’

‘Good girl.’ Ellie breathed a quiet sigh. ’Now, stand up straight and shove your tits out.’

‘Ellie…Honey…Mistress Honey.’

‘Just do it,’ Ellie said. ‘Attention to detail. It’s what we Seductresses do.’ She leaned in. ‘Besides I paid good money for these,’ she whispered, cupping Amanda’s right breast and rubbing the nipples. ‘Got to make the most of them.’

‘What?’ Amanda was indignant.

‘I paid extra for you to have larger tits.’ Ellie whispered, arranging Amanda’s breasts and gently rubbing her nipples to make them stiff. ‘Oh, come on mum, you wear push up bras and false nipples to work, you obviously want bigger tits.’

Amanda blushed.

‘Besides, they look good on you.’

Ellie saw her mother smile.

‘Hey!’ Amanda took a step back as Ellie grabbed her nipples and pinched.

‘Come on mum.’ Ellie pinched harder. ‘I’ve seen you doing this to make them stand out before ‘Mistress’ over there arrives.’ She gestured with her head towards Val.

‘Yes, well…’ Amanda said in a terse, low voice. ‘It’s something I may not be doing in the future.’

‘Mum,’ Ellie said. ‘Chill. We’re on holiday and, if you’re worried about me, I’m a Level 3 Seductress, I can take care of myself.’ She squeezed Amanda’s nipples hard.

‘Ow!’

‘Just making the most of my merchandise.’ She winked. ‘Busty slave girls bring a high price in Thoth, especially horny ones.’

‘Ellie!’

‘I told you, that’s Mistress Honey to you Slave.’ Ellie brought the strands of rope she was holding down over her mother’s breasts.

‘Hey!’

‘On your knees, Slave!’

Ellie watched as her mother looked around for support and saw BB turn away. That smirk was evident now.

‘Oh, alright.’ Amanda said haughtily, dropping to her knees in the sand.

Ellie stepped away to admire her handiwork then brought the knotted ropes down on Amanda’s buttocks.

‘What was that for.’

‘Because I can, Slave and you didn’t call me Mistress.’

Amanda bowed her head and Ellie smiled pleased by her creation of the captured Adventuress, suitably subdued, bound, displayed and suitably chastised.

She turned towards Val.

‘Gonna rip this off.’ Val glared insolently and pushed her mail clad chest forward.

‘No.’ Ellie reached up into her hair and pulled out her comb, turning away as she slid it onto her fingers, then turned back hitting Val hard in the side of the face.

Despite their difference in size, Val went down like a dropped sack.

‘Critical strike?’ Battle Babe asked.

‘Yeah. I think so.’ Ellie replied before the tingle of XPs told her it had been. ‘Remember, I’m part Assassin now.’

‘I really am going to watch my back,’ Battle Babe said with a chuckle.

Ellie kicked the dazed blonde who rolled over groaning.

‘Ellie!’ Amanda shouted, shocked.

She was about to kick her again, this time BB stepped forward.

‘I think that’s enough, Honey.’

‘Attention to detail,’ Ellie said. ‘A Viking Warrior wouldn’t have been taken without a fight.’

BB shrugged and Ellie kicked Val again.

‘Besides, she’s really pissed me off lately.’ She slid the comb off her knuckles and tucked it back into her hair then bent and tied a length of rope around Val’s neck.

‘Up.’ She jerked on the leash and Val struggled to her feet, glaring at her defiantly, her left eye already bruised and swelling. ‘Play nice or mamma use the quirt!’ Ellie said, brandishing the handful of short cords. ‘Now, turn around.’

Val obeyed and Ellie lifted the back of Val’s mail skirt.

‘Just in case you need a little encouragement,’ she said, slapping the blonde’s bottom.

‘This is so humiliating,’ Val said.

‘You’ve gotta take the rough with the smooth,’ BB said with a chuckle. ‘Now, come on let’s go or we’ll be standing in line to get into the city for most of the day.’

---

#### Chapter 57: The Slave City of Thoth

---

‘Mistress.’

Ahead, Ellie saw Val’s head turn where Bu-Shi-Doll led her by a rope leash like the one the Viking had used on Ellie.

They were almost at the city gate.

‘Mistress Honey.’ Amanda said somewhat archly.

Ellie turned to see her mother behind her increasing her pace to catch her up, her exposed breasts bouncing freely.

‘May slave ask a question?’ Amanda asked as she fell into step beside Ellie watching as her daughter ran the ropes through her palm. They were now, she noted, knotted. Ellie, it seemed, had relished the role of the Slaver and both Amanda and Val both bore the marks of the knotted cords on various parts of their bodies.

‘Well, Slave?’ Ellie emphasised the words.

‘Mistress…,’ Amanda said it with a degree of difficulty. ‘Slave was wondering if it was you who made the…er….alterations to my…er…her costume; you know, before we came here.’

Ellie grinned. ‘Costume?’ She made a show of looking at Amanda’s naked body, brazenly displayed now her hands were bound.

‘The one…’ Amanda struggled with the mix of emotions at the situation in which she found herself, trying to remind herself this was a game and they were all playing roles - and, if she was honest, playing a naked slavegirl was a very enjoyable role. She just wished it wasn’t her daughter playing her mistress.

‘The costume I was wearing when we came here.’

‘No, that was the system.’ Ellie winked at her. ‘Whatever you’re wearing in Fantasia gets shortened or cut away when you transfer to X.’

‘Oh.’ Amanda nodded taking in the information. ‘And Mistress…’

‘Does Slave wish to be punished?’ Ellie asked, swishing the knotted cords through the air.

‘Slave was about to ask whether it was you…er…Mistress who changed our booking to Fantasia X.’

‘That would depend on which ‘mistress’ her slave was referring to,’ Ellie said with a grin clearly enjoying her role more than Amanda felt she should be.

‘I was asking my current mistress, Mistress,’ Amanda said with as much dignity as a naked mother who’s just been enslaved and whipped by her daughter could manage.

‘You did tell me you wanted me to get laid more often,’ Ellie said by way of answer.

‘I said no such thing,’ Amanda said indignantly. ‘I merely said you should…get out more…have…’

‘Is Slave calling Mistress a liar?’ Ellie swung the knotted ropes menacingly.

Amanda bowed her head. ‘Of course not, Mistress.’

‘I recall you saying I could show a bit more interest in that direction,’ Ellie said with amusement. ‘And, as you know, I always do what you tell me.’ She looked up to see Val’s head turn again.

Then, taking a couple of extra steps forward she couldn’t resist slashing the knotted ropes across the blonde’s bare bottom.

---

Although they had arrived early there was already a line waiting to enter the city; a mix of Merchants and adventurers. They were, it seemed, not the only party to have brought slaves to trade. As the line advanced, Ellie watched carefully as each group presented itself to the guards. Most of those with slaves were Slavers in blue and gold, the only ones under the laws of Thoth to be able to sell or rent slaves freely. Others had to take their wares to the markets where they would be collared and branded before being sold or rented out by the Slavers’ guild for a tidy mark up.

‘Is she a real Adventuress?’ the guard asked.

‘Of course,’ Ellie purred. ‘Almost Level 3. Recently captured.’ She reached out and tweaked one of her mother’s nipples earning a glare from the brunette.

‘And how did someone as cute as you capture a real live Adventuress?’

Ellie fluttered her eyelashes and pushed out her chest. ‘I have my methods.’ It was hardly a technique Madam So would have been proud of, but it was effective.

The man grinned. ‘I’m sure you do.’

‘Here.’ Honey took his hand and guided it to Amanda’s breast. ‘You don’t get many of them to the pound.’

‘Nice.’ The man cupped Amanda’s breast. ‘Firm!’ He squeezed gently then played with the nipple. ‘And very responsive.’

‘Not sure about that one.’ His companion gestured towards Val.

‘I know.’ Ellie shrugged. ‘Scrawny blonde. Willful too.’ She leaned forwards pulling Maiko with her. ‘But I do have this.’ She parted Maiko’s kimono to reveal the shiny silver chastity belt.

The guard gasped.

‘Is she really?’

‘Cross my heart and hope to die,’ Ellie said with a girly giggle.

‘Nice.’ The guard reached out and parted Maiko’s kimono fully revealing her slim athletic body with its small breasts and large dark nipples.

‘Ooooohh.’ He took a longing look.

‘Well beyond your pay grade I expect soldier,’ Ellie said with a nudge and a heave of her breasts; she was probably the only one who heard Bu-Shi-Doll’s katana move slightly in its sheath and turned to glare a warning at the older Samurai.

‘You know our rules?’ The guard said releasing Maiko’s robe letting it fall back together though did not re-tie it.

‘The rules…of course,’ Ellie reassured him. ‘We’re only allowed to sell our merchandise to the Slavers.’

‘Yes! No selling or renting them out privately.’ The guard glanced again at Maiko. ‘Even that one.’

‘Of course not.’ Ellie gave the guard a look which told him butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth unless he told her it could and even held it as her body tingled with XP.

The guards parted and they were allowed to enter Thoth.

---

Ellie couldn’t help but smile at Amanda’s expression as they entered the city. Although her mother would probably never admit it, Ellie could feel her excitement at being led into the city as a slave. She had almost laughed at the way Amanda had reacted when the guard had played with her breasts. She wondered if her mother, or at least Amazonne, could feel the vibe the city gave off - the sheer wanton lust. There must be, she reasoned, something in the coding that raised everyone’s libido. It made her acutely aware of her own needs, last satisfied that night by her dream of the vampiric Cordelia. Unfortunately, there had been no such visitations to her dreams and she hoped that by the end of the day she would have found a cure for Vampire venom.

‘This way.’ She pointed and took up Amanda’s leash.

‘You seem sure of yourself.’ BB said.

‘This is the shag centre of Fantasia X’. Ellie said. ‘I am a Seductress. It’s a bit like all dwarves knowing all underground passages.’

‘I guess so.’ BB shrugged and looked a little embarrassed then leaned in. ‘Look, you won’t tell anyone I’ve never worked with a Seductress before, will you. ‘I have a reputation to maintain.’

Ellie ran her thumb and fingers over her lips to indicate her discretion wondering if the Warrior had realised how Honey had made her tell the story of her former lover, the Merchant from Kahalis.

‘Good,’ BB said. ‘Now what?’

‘Now we follow my plan.’

---

There had been a few slave coffles in HomeTown but here in Thoth, the streets were packed with them, they were mostly the usual models but there were others too, presumably captured adventurers or, Ellie guessed, even Sublimed who had been sold into slavery. There were more exotic slave models too, Ellie saw a Slaver with a pair of Lapis and another with a pair of Calypsos. However, slaves weren't the only ones in bondage; there were, Ellie was sure, couples; one leading the other leashed and restrained, sometimes one leading what she assumed to be a pair or even a group of submissives.

From her reading, Ellie knew that slaves in Thoth were tattooed or collared, frequently both to help authenticate them as legally traded by the Slavers’ Guild. However, sometimes it was difficult to know who was a slave and who was a submissive partner, although slaves mostly appeared to be kept naked. They passed a girl who held a passing resemblance to Honey, blonde and blue eyed with huge breasts; the girl was being led along by a steel collar locked around her neck and her arms were chained behind her back; there wore gold rings locked around her huge breasts and rings pierced her nipples; there was a wisp of silk hung from a gold chain at a waist that did absolutely nothing to cover her modesty and floated around with every step she took. The girl was gagged with some sort of locking metal gag that seemed to involve a tongue stud. As she approached, trailing behind the Slaver who led her, their eyes met and Ellie felt a strange sensation, a desire for the girl, a lust which drew on her rising need. She turned to look, taking in the girl’s arms chained at the elbow and wrist and the gentle curve of her buttocks. She bore the Slaver’s brand on her thigh.

‘Honey.’

Ellie turned away with the pressure of Battle Babe’s hand on her shoulder.

‘She just tried to use Seduction on me,’ Ellie said, her voice louder than she’d meant it to be and turned back to see the girl vanishing into the crowd.

---

Casting off thoughts of the enslaved Seductress, Ellie led them off the main street and into a park. There were no slave coffles here, just individual slaves and, presumably, submissives, leashed and parading with their dominant partners. While most slaves walked on two legs, there were a number being walked on all fours, leashed and mostly muzzled. She saw a pair of platinum blondes with breasts almost as large as her own dressed in bitch suits, tails sprouting from butt plugs. Their breasts were so large their nipples brushed the grass. As she watched, the man walking them let them off their leashes and they scampered off together, nuzzling each other and rolling in the grass. It didn’t take long until they were playing together, one on her back and the other kneeling over her, tongues firmly buried in each others’ pussies.

‘Oh,’ Maiko gasped suddenly. ‘She beautiful.’

Ellie turned to see a petite oriental girl being led along but a leash that emerged from between her legs. The girl was tightly restrained in green silk cords that were woven into a harness that drew her shoulders back and pushed her little breasts forward.

‘Must be a customised model,’ BB said. ‘Jade Plus.

Ellie watched Maiko stare at the girl and then turn away blushing as the slave looked at her and winked lasciviously.

‘Ellie,’ Maiko whispered urgently. ‘Maiko want to stay slave. Can keep her leashed like that?’

‘Not going to happen Maiko.’ Ellie patted the chastity belt. ‘Anyway, where do you think her leash is attached.

Maiko thought for a moment then her eyes widened. ‘You mean…’

‘Like I say,’ BB said with amusement in her voice. ‘Customised model. Piercings are extra.’

---

Amanda stared wide eyed at the scene she was confronted with in the park. She had been to S&M parties and even a street rally in California but that had been nothing compared to this. On some level, she knew that being lead through a fantasy world by her daughter wasn’t really how it was supposed to be but the sights and sounds of Thoth filled her with wonder; nubile bodies in every conceivable form of bondage; ropes, chains, restraint suits; harnesses, manacles; men and women hooded and blindfolded, some gagged. Some were dressed erotically; rubber and leather seemed to abound and she could smell it along with the unmistakable scent of arousal. Many of those in bondage were naked, some of the submissives or slaves or whatever they were had brands or tattoos on their thighs or buttocks or even, in a few cases, their breasts. Many sported nipple rings, some of the men had cock piercings, there were more than a few in chastity cages.

A pony girl was being trained in one corner of the park, circling on a long rein; the girl was plumed and had rings in her nipples, her arms were restrained behind her and she ran with her head up, her mane of red hair flowing behind her and a tail dancing below her bottom. The woman who appeared to own her was dressed in tight leather breeches and heeled boots and a black leather bikini top that stretched over her very large breasts. She carried a long whip and frequently used it to ensure the pony girl maintained her high stepping gait.

Amanda had been a pony girl once, at one of the street rallies, briefly given the opportunity to wear the harness of another girl and pull a gig with Lucius holding the reins. She recalled taking the bit between her teeth and the harness over her shoulders. It had been very hard work and she recalled that the harness when she’d donned it had been wet with the sweat of the blonde who had been wearing it. She hadn’t minded; in fact she’d been thrilled to wear it and even more delighted when bells had been clipped to her nipples. She wondered if, here in Fantasia, ponies were given extra strength or perhaps there was some way for human ponies to enjoy the thrill of running under the whip.

Feeling the tug on the rope around her neck, she reluctantly turned away from the pony and nearly collided with a girl who looked strikingly like a cat even down to the whiskers and pointed ears that were nothing like those of the elves she’d seen. The girl was covered in black fur and had a jewelled collar round her neck and Amanda saw a flash of cat-like green eyes as the girl stepped easily round her, her fluffy tail brushing Amanda’s thigh. The cat’s mistress or, perhaps, owner, a man in a harness and kilt was not so dextrous and collided with Ellie, cursing her as she apologised profusely.

---

‘Should we let them go now?’ BB asked, leaning in to speak to Ellie as they left the park, entering a backstreet that seemed to be populated by traders; a metalworker’s with chains and shackles hanging on display, a leatherworker’s which appeared to make whips and harnesses, a tattoo artist, tailors and cloth makers.

‘Let them go.’ Ellie looked at her. ‘Oh, yeah, sorry. Slight change of plan.’

‘Really?’ The big warrior folded her arms over her impressive chest coming to a stop.

‘You can untie Miako but leave the other two.’ She looked from her mother to Val. ‘I have other plans for them.’ She stepped into an alley beside what appeared to be a laundry and the others followed.

‘I’m going to rent these two out to raise some funds.’

‘What?’ Amanda and Val said together.

‘I think that’s ‘What, Mistress’.’ Ellie brought the knotted cords down over their breasts in turn.

Val glared at her but she saw her mother give a slight smile.

‘I happy to stay slave,’ Maiko said. ‘Mistress Honey.’

‘No Maiko,’ Ellie said firmly. ‘Mistress Honey needs Katana Girl as a bodyguard.’

‘Bodyguard!’ Maiko’s eyes widened with pleasure. ‘Yes, Mistress Honey.’

‘You think you’re going to get much for them by haggling with a Slaver?’ Bu-Shi-Doll asked.

‘Haggling over the price of a body is one of the things we Seductresses do,’ Ellie said archly. ‘Besides I’m not going to haggle with a Slaver.’ Ellie flashed a dimpled smile. ‘Other outlets will take them.’

‘You will upset Slaver guild,’ Bu-Shi-Doll said. She suddenly looked uncomfortable holding Val’s leash. ‘You know only they can rent slaves? You remember what happened when you pissed off the Thieves’ Guild in Home Town?’

‘I’m willing to take the risk.’ Honey said, remembering mostly the part where she’d seduced the head of the Thieves’ Guild and trying to suppress the memory of running through the streets with a heavy sign clipped to her nipples while being chased by an angry mob. ‘And if I rent them, I’ll get more than for selling them and we won’t have to find a way to get them back.’

‘You probably shouldn’t have hit Valkyrie like that,’ Battle Babe said. ‘It will lower her price.’

‘Nobody’s going to look at the face of a scrawny Warrior,’ Ellie said. ‘I’ll rent her for physical work.’

‘Hey.’ Val squared up to Ellie. ‘I didn’t agree to staying as a slave once we were in.’

‘I don’t recall you agreeing wholeheartedly to being a slave in the first place.’ Ellie stood her ground even though the Viking, nearly a foot taller, loomed over her. ‘And I didn’t see you showing any scruples about using me as bait for your vampire plan.’

‘And this one not much better.’ Bu-Shi-Doll interrupted, gesturing towards Amanda.

Ellie saw her mother glare at the Samurai.

‘Adventuresses have all kinds of special skills,’ Ellie said with a saucy wink. ‘She’ll bring a very good price where I’m taking her.’

Amanda’s expression changed and Ellie turned away to hide her smile.

---

#### Chapter 58: The Sting

---

‘Maiko. I need you to do something for me,’ Ellie said as she released Maiko’s wrists.

‘Of course, Honey-Sama.’ The pert Japanese girl’s kimono still hung open and, with her hands free she pulled it closed and retied it.

‘Can you use your calligraphy to paint a false slavers’ mark on our slaves?’

‘Hai.’ Maiko nodded. ‘I see them. But I need special ink.’

Ellie pulled one of the coins from the purse she’d taken from the cat-girls owner. ‘Here. Go and buy what you need. There should be somewhere along here that sells that sort of stuff.’

‘Hai, Honey-Sama. I get indelible ink, it last several days.’ The Samurai hurried off.

‘The rest of you will need to stay here for a few minutes,’ Ellie told them.

Battle Babe raised an eyebrow.

‘Relax, Beeb.’ Ellie touched the warrior’s arm. ‘I know what I’m doing.’

‘I certainly hope so.’ The trace of humour that had been in the big Warrior’s voice all morning remained but then her eyes narrowed and Ellie suspected she was recalling their earlier conversation, perhaps wondering why she’d confided so openly about the Merchant.

Putting these thoughts aside, Ellie left them in the alley and walked out into the street, scanning the various shops and studios for what she needed. She’d feared she may be a little conspicuous in the corset and stockings that Cordelia had dressed her in but, given the nature of Thoth, while her garments might be unusual certainly weren’t likely to draw attention to her any more than her large bare breasts and desirable body.

It didn’t take long to spot what she needed; a pile of slave collars waiting to be packaged for shipment. She pretended to peruse them then, after glancing round to ensure nobody was watching, picked up two and disappeared into the crowd. It wasn’t the greatest use of her Thief skills but the deed brought a swift tingle of Experience and she slipped away quickly.

A little further up the street was a clothes shop and she could see a man inside at the counter sewing a padded jacket. Ellie smiled to herself then, swinging the collars, she pulled the curtain over the door aside and stepped in.

The man looked up from his work as Ellie entered. He was quite small, neatly groomed with a large nose and chin. He was dressed somewhat eccentrically or, perhaps not for Thoth, in a three-piece tweed suit. She smiled at his reaction as he took in Ellie’s state of undress, slipping a monocle over his eye to ensure a better look.

‘May I help you?’

‘I need a new robe,’ Ellie said.

‘So I see.’ The man’s eyes drifted down to Ellie’s breasts and then lower. ‘Did ‘Madam’ have anything particular in mind?’

‘Slaver’s silks.’ Ellie said nonchalantly, swinging the collars she held in her hand.

‘You’re a Slaver?’ The man sounded skeptical, raising an eyebrow even as he resumed his study of Ellie’s breasts.

‘Why wouldn’t I be?’ Ellie said, lowering her voice seductively.

‘If you say so.’ There was a slight twitch in his movements that made her certain she’d chosen well.

‘Are you going to measure me up?’ Ellie pushed out her chest. ‘I’m guessing I’m quite an unusual size.’

‘There’s not usually a need for that with silks.’ He said.

‘But you could measure me anyway, just to be sure.’

‘Yes, that might be…useful.’ The man was already reaching for his tape measure, the Seduction holding him securely and Ellie’s body was tingling with a steady stream of XPs as she held him with her ability.

‘How do you want me?’ Ellie lifted her arms as the man measured her chest. His head was more or less on a level with Ellie’s breasts. ‘Here, let me help you. She lifted her breasts out of his way and saw he looked a little disappointed.

‘Perhaps you should do that again, just to ensure you have exactly my size.’ She let her breasts down again. ‘Just move them out of the way if you need to.’

The tailor did as he was told and Ellie slid her hand over his, pinning it to her right breast. ‘It can be quite hard finding something to fit these,’ she said. ‘Especially with nipples as big and sensitive as these.’

‘I can see it might be.’ The tailor swallowed.

‘I mean, they have their uses but they do affect my Dexterity,’ she said. ‘I can be awfully clumsy.’

‘Hmm.’ The man didn’t seem to listen to her very much. His concentration was elsewhere.

‘You have lovely gentle hands,’ Ellie said, taking a step forward and pushing him up against the counter with her body so that his face was buried in her cleavage. ‘Do you need to do my inside leg too?’

‘It would seem negligent not to.’ His words were a little smothered.

She stepped back and lifted her leg onto his stool. ‘People say I have lovely long legs…for my height.’

‘They are most impressive, Madam.’

‘Miss,’ she corrected. ‘Make sure you take their full length.’ Ellie took the hand with the tape measure and guided in between her legs. ‘I’m sorry I’m a little wet down there but having your hands on my body made me feel just a little naughty.’ She reached for his crotch. ‘You seem to be feeling that way too.’

‘Yes…Madam.’ He dropped to one knee to measure her leg.

‘Miss. I do like a man who kneels at my feet,’ she said, then guided his fingers into her sex. ‘Especially one as naughty as you.’

‘Madam…’ He stood.

‘Miss,’ she corrected again. ‘You were going to find me some Slaver silks. Mr…?’

‘Darcy, Miss,’ he said, rubbing his moustache. ‘Archibald Darcy.’

‘And your name, Miss?’ He asked nonchalantly. ‘For the order…’

‘Gwendoline.’

‘I say!’ Darcy’s monocle dropped from his eye.

‘And when you’ve kitted me out, perhaps there’s somewhere we can go for me to thank you properly for your diligent service.’

---

Ellie was wearing the Slaver silk when she returned to the others. It was essentially a blue and gold tabard that was belted at the waist and hung open at the sides. The tailor had helpfully taken it up for her as she’d needed a large one to cover her breasts. She carried a Slaver’s whip too.

‘A change of careers?’ Battle Babe asked clearly wondering where Ellie would take things next.

‘Only temporary,’ Ellie said.

‘What you think Honey-sama?’ Maiko indicated the mark she’s painted on Amazonne’s thigh.

‘Nice work.’ Ellie slipped one of her stolen collars around Amanda’s neck, the lock clicking shut.

‘A girl could get used to being treated like this.’ Amanda said, a slight tremble evident in her voice.

Val was more reticent as Ellie approached her with the remaining collar but with Bu-Shi-Doll holding her leash and her hands bound she had little choice.

‘These do come off, right?’ she asked as the lock clicked shut.

Ellie shrugged. ‘Probably.’ She didn’t think they did or, if they did then she hadn’t stolen a key to release them. However, she found she didn’t really care. She'd never really liked Val though they had only met a few times, one being that somewhat unforgettable meeting on the landing of her home while her mother was tied to the bed. Before coming to Fantasia, she’d mostly hidden these feelings out of regard for her mother; however, following recent events and irritated by her unsatisfied needs she was feeling less tolerant than usual. The tailor, Darcy had been surprisingly well endowed considering his height and seemed to be more than capable of pleasing a woman; having his hands on her body had genuinely been a pleasure but despite this, she had not been able to orgasm even though he had given her a thorough seeing to in the back room of his shop. She hadn’t let on to him, of course, and had thrashed violently, throwing her head from side to side and screaming ‘Yes, yes, yes…’ repeatedly in a very convincing performance that had left the little man satisfied of a job well done and brought her a little gush of XPs.

‘I do your leg now, Val-San,’ Maiko said, picking up her pot of ink and a brush.

‘Whoa,’ Val said. ‘I’m not sure about this. I don’t want to be branded a slave.’

‘I use brush, not needle,’ Maiko explained. ‘It come off in a few days.’

‘I think those marks look quite pretty.’ Amanda said. ‘I’ve always wanted a tattoo.’

‘But it will mark me as a slave of Thoth,’ Val said.

‘Who says that’s a bad thing,’ Amanda said with a grin. ‘It looks to me that these slaves are having a wonderful time. Did you see that pony girl?’

‘I don’t think she was a slave.’

‘Really?’ Amanda gave a beaming smile. ‘You mean I could play pony?’

‘Probably, but that wasn’t what I had in mind for you,’ Ellie said.

‘Oh,’ Amanda said, looking slightly disappointed.

‘You’ve told me you used to dance,’ Ellie said archly.

‘Oh.’ Amanda brightened. ‘Are you going to rent me as a dancing girl?’ Her eyes sparkled.

‘Something like that.’

‘I don’t dance,’ Val said sullenly.

Ellie glared. ‘You won’t have to.’ She toyed with her whip.

---

The market was even more of a revelation than the rest of the city and Amanda gazed around her in disbelief as Ellie led her into the square. She felt a slight nervousness as she saw the slave market; women, it was mostly women, were displayed openly. It reminded her of the witch in the square in HomeTown, completely helpless, vulnerable but the purpose of this was completely different and they were displayed differently too, their bodies bound and chained to display and flatter; arms chained to posts in a way that thrust breasts out or bent over in yokes to emphasise buttocks or long legs. Others crouched in cages, perhaps awaiting their turn on display. Some of the women wore make up and had their hair coiffed; most were naked but some were dressed provocatively mostly in garments that left their breasts and sexes bare. There was clearly an auction underway and a man with a whip was leading a wiry blonde with her arms strapped into a single sleeve onto a podium. The blonde wore a leather halter top that encircled her little breasts and had a matching garment around her loins that Amanda guessed left her crotch open. The woman kept her head up looking disdainfully over the heads of the crowd and Amanda thought she heard the auctioneer say something about her being a captured Adventuress.

Amanda felt a rush of excitement as hands went up to start the bidding then her attention was distracted by a line of cages which seemed to contain pets; men and women with bodies that were partly furred, some with tails and the ears of cats like the girl she’d seen in the park, some lounged idly running long tongues over limbs while others crouched baring long canines.

Next to these was a witch in a cage mounted on the back of a wagon, heavily chained with iron, silenced with a brank; the woman was pale skinned with jet black hair and had piercing blue eyes which met Amanda’s with a fierce intensity. There were large rings piercing her nipples and these were chained to the bars of her cage, another ring through her clitoris chained her to the floor of the cage. A sign advertised her for hire citing her skill at curses including ‘impotence’, ‘madness’, ‘boils’ and ‘demonic possession'.

Near the centre of the square were two human cows; blondes, with breasts even larger than Ellie’s; they stood bent over in metal frames, their legs spread wide and cuffed with steel shackles to the very solid looking uprights of the restraining frames, another bar ran across their backs and their elbows were hooked over these with their wrists cuffed to their thighs; bars between their thighs prevented them from bringing their legs together and another heavy steel bar to which their collars were attached ran below their necks. Both were gagged with steel bit gags that were locked in place by chains running round their heads. Other than their heavy steel restraints they were naked. They were also being milked, one with her enormous nipples covered by suction cups linked to bellows that hissed and made her giant breasts wobble as they pumped. The other was being milked by hand, a pretty blonde in a milkmaid costume pumping away at the girl’s right nipple, squirting the milk into a steel pail while the right breast dripped steadily into churn. A sign advertised the milk at one Krown a cup or three to suckle directly from one of the teats.
