---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Part-Time Equine
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F/f
- fpov
- ponygirl
- latex
- gag
- leash
- training
- catsuit
- corset
- harness
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2023-04-09 00:00:00
---

#### Part 4

I groaned softly as I felt a slight pushing against my body, forcing the world of sleep to fade away from me and allowing the real world to welcome me in open arms. Chloe's living room faded in slowly into my vision, despite the fact I preferred to be asleep, it was still a welcome sight, the sun began to shine through the curtains which illuminated the clean, white room and was a reassurance that I was in a safe space. A far cry from the years that I woke up in the city, not knowing the meaning of safe.

"Hey," Chloe's voice whispered in my ear, "How did you sleep?"

It took another few moments for me to wake up my physical form, for the touch sensation to appear in my arms and legs which made me realise that Chloe wasn't just speaking into my ear, but the poor girl was stuck underneath my body and probably had been there all night.

Immediately, I rolled off her as the night came back to me. Just as she promised, we got a pizza and spent the night watching terrible films on tv. We also fell asleep on the sofa because I was too pathetic to want to let go.

"I'm sorry," I mumbled as I unmajestically fell off her.

"Hey, it's okay," she reassured me, "It was obvious that you needed a long cuddle, you held me all night."

I felt better than I did previously, the feeling of being a burden had passed, however, the pit at the bottom of my stomach made sure I felt bad about treating Chloe like this. She was too nice to have someone like me in her life.

I felt well-rested, somehow spending the entire night lying on my friend wearing pyjamas helped me sleep very well, that included the hour nap I had in the hut with Beth.

"Alright, I'll get breakfast ready and we should plan on getting to work soon." She yawned as she stretched her arms out.

I helped her every way I could whilst making breakfast, I got the table ready with cutlery and even made a pot of tea for us both as she cooked a decent breakfast. I decided to take in consideration what Beth told me yesterday, that I was here to help myself and I wasn't a burden on my friend, but the night in her arms made me realise I couldn't spend the whole time being helpless and needed to do things around the apartment to make up for my sudden appearance.

Breakfast was good, the food was amazing, I made a really good pot of tea, we chatted about past events and had a good laugh as we filled our stomachs. Chloe remembered alot about our time at college and re-activated fun memories that I had forgotten over the years. However, it wasn't long until we were once again driving down the country road and her car stood in front of the large gate.

The stable was quiet, which was strange as it was supposed to be opening up soon. Chloe wasted no time and took me to the stable, hiding myself away from view as she changed me into my pony form. The entire time she was just telling me to be myself and everything will come naturally to me. She did question the tail that was attached to the back of my stomach harness but I told her Beth kept it there as she preferred ponygirls to have it, she told me she would raise it with the owner before placing the head harness on my head.

In roughly the same amount of time as Beth yesterday, I was fully in my ponygirl outfit. It was always a shock to me how quickly the two women could lock me in, the first time with Harriet felt much longer.

It was also strange that I had become so used to being nude in front of people, I still did my best to hide my naughty bits away from my friend, but I was still butt-naked in front of her.

Chloe pushed open the door to the stable, asking for me to follow her. I braced myself as I took the few steps to get outside, but luckily my body was still used to the outfit. The stretching and pulling of the latex was enough to get my motor running but wasn't enough to push me over the edge like yesterday's events… Well, at least not at this pace.

I followed my friend outside, despite being in the stable for a few minutes, the place remained empty. All of the other stable doors were opened but no sign of the other girls, Harriet or Jane. Chloe looked around with a confused face as she checked the time on her phone, stating that the place opened to the clients within a few minutes and the ponygirls usually were someplace close by, either in their own individual stables or out in the square, interacting with each other.

A flash of a green figure caught both of our eyes at the same time, we looked toward the fountain that sat in the middle of the square, seeing the emerald green pony having a nap on one of the small brick walls.

"Lily?!" Chloe yelled in both shock and gratitude, "There is someone here! Where is everyone else?"

The young, bound woman slowly woke up and pointed her hoof towards the house, trying to rub her eye with the other hand.

"They are in the house?" Chloe nodded before turning to me, "Heather? Wait here with Lily, I'll be back in a minute and see what is happening."

My friend sprinted towards the house and let herself in. I noticed I was now alone with the emerald girl, she continued to wipe her face as she sat up on the small wall. As she came back into the real world, she noticed me standing before her. She was cute and I could instantly tell why Chloe was so fond of her.

She moved her bound hands left to right simulating a waving motion and I waved one hand back. I found it funny that we were in these forms to be appealing to Harriet's clients and be more understanding, as we cannot talk back at all, but interactions between two ponygirls was almost non-existent.

She held her hands open in a questioning manner, somehow I knew she was asking if I wanted a hug and I nodded. I was getting a little tired of cuddling at this point but at least it passed the time until Chloe came back.

Lily gently lifted her body up from the wall, with full elegance she stretched her arms out and arched her back, I couldn't help but stare, almost drooling at the way the latex tightened around her body, keeping skin tight without creating any wrinkles… was that what I looked like too?

She let out a soft moan that somehow didn't set off her whistling gag, I know it probably wasn't but that moan sounded sexual to me, probably just due to my heightened sexual needs due to my second skin pulling down there.

She finally stopped with the stretching and pulled her arms around me, holding me with a tight embrace and only allowing my lower arms to reach around her back, her neck rested on my shoulder and I could feel her warm breaths travelling past my ear.

I felt the need to do the same and was surprised by the slight hint of perfume that travelled across my nostrils.

"SURPRISE!" I heard Chloe and Harriet scream behind me.

I jumped up, nearly pushing the green pony into the fountain that stood behind her. As soon as I landed on the ground I looked behind myself to see the two humans and the rest of the ponygirls behind me, all in fits of laughter. Harriet held out a cake, Chloe was clapping and the rest struggled to clap with their hooves. Lily was giggling too but she kept her hands around my waist in a way to comfort my sudden shock.

I pouted and blew through my gag, letting the group know I wasn't pleased by their idea, although I was impressed that Lily managed to keep me distracted enough for the whole group to leave the house and get right behind me without me noticing.

"We got you a cake," the stable owner stated the obvious, "See it as a 'welcome to the business' gift, you can't have it now but I'll cut it up and you can all take a piece at the end of the day."

The girls clapped harder, seemingly very interested in the idea of having cake.

"Oh, before we go any further," Chloe managed to stop her laughter, "You've already met Lily and Kathia."

Kathia stood out of the crowd and did a similar waving motion Lily did earlier, it was a change not to see the plump girl try and cuddle up to me, she refrained herself and kept behind Chloe.

My friend continued, "You saw them yesterday, but here is Nicole…"

Chloe placed her hands around a younger, shorter girl, who must have been in her early twenties. She wore a deep blue horse outfit which was a contrast to her bright, blonde hair that stuck out at the top of her harness, it didn't come out too far in comparison to Lily's or Kathia's so I assumed her hair naturally came down to her jaw in length. She was cute, giving off a more innocent, naive vibe than the other girls, this was extended by how bright her blue eyes were, but the suit and harness did the same to highlight what curves she had. Chloe wasn't exactly a tall girl, but Nicole only came up to her shoulders.

"… and this is Abigail, but she just likes to be called Abi."

In the complete opposite manner, Abigail was a tall specimen. Her bright, red outfit gave her a sense of command over the smaller ponies, which her age also helped, Abigail was clearly much older than the other girls and at a guess I would have said she was nearly thirty, her thick black hair blended in with the harness and highlighted how pale her skin was, her nearly pitch black eyes also helped with that look. Glancing at the top of the woman's head, her hair came out of the harness much further than Nicole's but not as far as Kathia's or Lily's, so I assumed her thick hair came to her shoulders.

Despite the tall, powerful look the lady gave off, her face was very calm and welcoming.

I wanted to say it was nice to meet them both but I had to tell myself about the gag that sat between my lips and settled to blow through it instead.

"That's all the other ponygirls. Well… apart from Saffron but she is recovering from a sprained ankle, but you'll meet her soon," Chloe continued her conversation, Abigail huffed through the gag as the last girl's name was mentioned.

"Well now that is everyone introduced to each other, let's get the cake inside and open up the gates." Harriet placed the cake in Chloe's hands, "Heather? Are you ready for your first day?"

I nodded as Chloe walked back into the house.

"Perfect, wait here and I'll get the gate open." The store owner got out a set of keys but stopped in her tracks.

Nicole and Abigail stopped too as we all heard a rumbling in the background, the gate was already opening. Kathia didn't care about this and trotted over to me, enveloping me in her welcoming hands as she hugged me tight. Lily, the poor, emerald pony was stuck behind me and pushed against my body to stop all three of us falling into the fountain.

The stable-owner sighed to herself as the sound of a struggling car engine filled the air, it got louder and louder until the sight of a small, black car entered the square.

"Jane," Harriet tutted, "Late, once again."

The older stable hand parked behind Chloe's car, wasting no time to get it into park and turning the engine off. She looked apologetic as she jumped out and ran toward the older lady.

"Sorry, I'm so sorry, this stupid piece of junk didn't want to start this morning," It was odd to see the stubborn, angry girl from the day before completely change in front of her boss.

"It's not like I pay you pennies," The stable owner barked back with a slight comedic tone, as if she wanted to tell off the young woman but was also seeing the funny side, "You get a decent amount every week for someone who is part-time, surely, you can get yourself a better vehicle."

"I'm sorry, I'll look into a new one soon, I promise."

"That's fine, you can help me open up."

"I think a couple began walking in as soon as I opened the gate."

"Okay, that's fine."

"Oh, I forgot, my brother is also here. He's here to do the repairs you wanted?"

The entire place changed as soon as the mean girl stated that. All the girls went quiet as her passenger door slammed shut.

"Keep the girls back!" Harriet commanded Jade.

The familiar look fell onto the young woman's face as she turned around to us, Abigail and Kathia already began walking forwards towards the cars as I looked around to see what the big deal was, even Lily seemed transfixed on what was hidden behind the vehicles. Jade stopped the girls in their place, telling them to step back. To my surprise, even Chloe ran over from the house and held me and Lily in place, I blew the gag in a frustrated manner, unsure of what was happening.

"Hey James," Harriet approached the man, "Sorry, I completely forgot you were coming over today, it's not the best time I'm afraid."

The stable owner walked to the cars, talking to a youngish sounding man just out of sight from me and the other girls.

He replied back, "Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like me to come back another day?"

"No, it's fine. We'll just get the girls under control and you can get to work."

With that, the young man took a few steps forward from the vehicles, finally showing himself to the group of animals before him.

I will admit, I was taken by surprise. Jade did state he was her brother but I didn't realise how different the two were. Whilst Jade had dark hair, tanned skin and dark clothes, James was bright, from here I could see his very light brown hair and light skin, a toolbelt hung to his waist which separated his white shirt from his dark grey cargo trousers and brown boots. Despite him being the same age as us, he looked like he worked everyday of his life and his toned arms complimented that idea, however, that didn't dampen his happy attitude.

He was easy on the eyes, but looking around at the other girls, I could see they thought the same, most likely why we were being held back to not trample the poor guy.

A flurry of hooves hitting concrete took us all by surprise as Nicole ran past Jade and Harriet, wasn't a shock as she was the only pony not being held back by someone. The blue girl ran up to the young man and leapt into his arms, holding him tight and nuzzling her gagged mouth into his ear. He caught her in both hands, hugging her back briefly before moving her onto one arm and taking his large toolkit in the other.

"I've missed you too, Nicole," I heard him chuckle as she held him tight.

"The girls always seem to get fired up when you come here," Harriet laughed, "I'm sorry if they disrupt your work."

"I'm used to it by now."

Jade watched the small girl jump into her brother's arms and turned back toward Kathia and Abigail, shaking her head, "You are a bunch of weirdos."

Chloe looked at both me and Lily, taking in how we were reacting to the man. Lily had hypothetical love hearts in her eyes but I was slightly lost on the situation. I think she saw that and decided to abandon her post of keeping us sat at the fountain and walked up to the owner, taking the keys from her and headed towards the entrance

It took a moment to think why Jade's attitude dropped, but I assumed it wasn't the nicest feeling to know all the women in the workplace fancied your brother. However, I saw what everyone else saw, a sexy looking man who would make you swoon just by giving you his attention and the suits did not help as they made you think about sex all the time with the unforgiving latex at your crotch.

The best part about James is that the attention didn't seem to go to his head. We watched him follow Harriet around as she showed him damage and general wear to the stables that she wanted him to fix and he immediately went into problem-solving mode, despite still holding the small, blue ponygirl in his arm. It was clear she was loving the attention.

I heard the young man say about replacing a few of the panels on the stable they were both looking at, it took me a moment to notice they were talking about my space, as apparently some of the wood was rotting. I also found out from their conversation that my stable used to be part of the cupboard that held the ponygirl outfits, but James recently made it into two rooms and added a stable door to accommodate six ponies at this property.

Chloe walked towards the group with a man and a woman walking behind her. The couple looked young and rather awkward once they saw the large group of people that stood in the square. The woman wore a blue polkadot dress, saw everything through thick glasses and had her black hair tied up in a ponytail, with the guy wearing a black hoodie and trousers with short, brown hair that looked like it was balding.

Despite the clear awkwardness, Harriet was more than happy to greet them from afar. The two glanced over all the ponies but seemed more interested in the small woman that was in James' arms.

"James?" I heard Harriet ask, "Could you drop Nicole? She has to get to work."

James couldn't apologise enough as he placed the girl on the ground, Nicole gave him one last squeeze before cantering across the square to meet her clients, the sound of her hooves clacking against the ground filled the air as she leapt at the couple. The man and the woman caught her and the group cuddled before they left together and walked down the field.

Harriet waved at them as Jade sensed my confusion. In my eyes two complete strangers walked in, took Nicole and just walked away with her, didn't seem as formal as I had thought.

"It's not uncommon for clients to have their favourite girl," Jade said in a near monotone voice, "Derek and Mandy like the same thing every week, to take Nicole down to one of the huts and spend time talking with her and cuddling her."

Chloe walked up, interrupting her co-worker, "Mandy struggles with interaction. She finds talking to a ponygirl to be even easier than talking with her family. Derek doesn't struggle being with others, but he enjoys seeing women in latex."

"We have all sorts here," Jade continued.

Harriet finally walked away from the younger man, "Okay girls, get back into your stables for now as James has a lot of work to do and I do not need you to disturb him and make a nuisance of yourselves."

The girls walked around but none of them seemed interested in returning to their stables, as it was my first day I didn't take a chance and walked back to my own one. James had walked back to the car to grab more equipment.

I watched through the gaps in the wood as Harriet continued talking to the two girls, she pointed towards the field and Jade walked that direction, I assumed there was work to be done there, she also pointed towards the storage room that was right next to my stable, within seconds she walked past and just left Harriet with the delinquent ponygirls.

She clapped her hands together hard, "Okay, I'm not going to repeat myself girls! Get back in your stables! I have to go into my house for only a minute, when I get back, I want you all to be resting in your own rooms!"

She pointed her fingers at all the individual girls before walking back to her house, taking a brief moment to talk to the young man. I didn't hear much, but managed to catch the words 'good luck', before she slammed her front door behind her.

I continued to watch the young man as he unpacked a saw and a small wooden table from the back of the beaten up car. The three loose ponygirls didn't waste any time to surround the poor soul. Shockingly, Lily stepped in first and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, nuzzling her nose into his neck, just like the small girl from before. He placed her arms around her hips and pleasantly greeted her, even allowing a moment to enjoy her flirtatious movements before gently pushing her body back to get to his table.

At this time, Abigail came from behind him and rested her head on his left shoulder, she was a few inches taller than James and her red body covered him. He entertained her for a brief while, placing his hands on her arms and even giving her a small kiss on her leather cheek.

"Right, I need to get back to work, girls." He tapped her latex body, making it clear he was too busy.

During the time he was busy with Abi, Kathia took the plunge and laid down on the wooden table, lying in a suggestive pose that showed off her curves and large breasts. Even I found it sexual, I dreaded to think how tormented he felt with these three girls around him.

The young man laughed, reaching down and pulling the purple pony off his work bench, as Kathia stood up, she pressed her head into his chest, rubbing her cheek in his scent.

As James pulled the larger girl away, Lily slid her emerald body onto the table and the red and purple girl embraced the young man, holding onto him as tight as they could. James laughed as he pulled the emerald girl off the table and the tall, red pony took her place. It was one massive cycle that wasn't ending anytime soon. James made it clear that he had work to do, but it was clear that he was enjoying the attention of the three girls, although in a somewhat innocent way and the girls were loving being touched and handled by the handsome man, giving into their basic pony needs.

The cycle ended as the stable owner walked up to them, clapping her hands loudly and ordering the three girls to return to their stable. Lily immediately left , Abigail huffed and puffed but trotted off as Harriet gave her a dismissive look. Kathia gave into her cuddling tendency and sighed happily as the young man held her in his arms, Harriet had to physically pry the purple pony off him and walk her over to her own stable.

As Harriet came back to the young man, she apologised for the way the girls reacted to him but scorned him for giving into their needs, in a typical Harriet way, she didn't seem too mad by the events.

The two talked for a few moments longer, sadly I couldn't hear what they were saying but Harriet walked away from him and James looked my way.

I could feel my heart beating in my ears as the young man began walking to my stable. My feet shifted nervously as I had no idea what to say or do, I was bound in this form and had no way to talk to him, that's if I could talk to the man with the gag out? I saw what the others had seen in him and I would be lost for words even in my human form.

James briefly looked on the outside of my stable before opening the door and walking in, he seemed to look everywhere in the room first before finally spotting me.

"Oh!" he yelped.

I jumped back slightly too, emulating the same way I shocked him.

He continued, "I'm sorry, I thought this stable was empty, Harriet didn't tell me anyone was in here."

He was just as amazing up close, his fresh face was kept shaven and his eyes were grey, piercing my soul as he locked with mine but remained with an understanding look behind them. His hair was kept short but remained floppy, with every movement his head made, it bobbed around with no control. My first instinct was to run my hand through it but my body reminded me of my bound digits.

"Do you mind if I look at your wall?" he asked, pointing at the wooden wall that separated my space from the square.

I nodded, blowing out through the gag by accident. I turned my body around and walked across the stable, giving him ample room to work. He thanked me and took a moment to assess how bad the wood was, honestly, it wasn't something I ever noticed when I was here as my brain was usually busy with the sensations of being bound in latex.

"Yeah, definitely have to replace two of the boards," he said to himself, he ran outside and measured the length of the wood with a tape measure, making a note of the length he needed before he headed back to his car.

The curiosity got the better of me, my hooves clacked against the rubber matting of the stable as I approached the door and gingerly, I peeked my head around the door to the rest of the stables. Harriet stood at the door of Kathia's space, cuddling up with the purple creature. I quickly jumped out and ran towards the car, where James had already placed a long piece of wood on his table and began marking it for cutting.

Mentally, I begged for my hooves to stop clacking on the concrete as I walked up to the young man, glancing occasionally in the direction of the stable owner and purple pony. I finally stopped, just a foot away from James, the other ponies were comfortable lavishing around the man but I just stood there, awkwardly. There was something addictive about being around him, but I didn't want to push it. I was already waiting to be scolded by the older woman for leaving my space.

"Oh, do you want to help?" The young man noticed me, "I could use some help carrying this wood in a bit but wouldn't mind your company until then."

I nodded, I watched his eyes as they explored my shiny silver form.

He smiled, "That's a nice colour on you, suits you perfectly. You are new here, aren't you?"

I nodded again, pressing my two hand hooves together.

He placed the wood on the table and got it ready for cutting, "Do you like it? When did you start?"

For the third time I nodded and to answer his second question I pointed my hoof to the floor rapidly a few times.

"You started today?" He gasped.

I continued nodding.

"Wow, that's amazing. Everything must be very intense for you."

I finally changed and shook my head instead, shrugging my shoulders upward. He let out a chuckle as he turned his focus to the wood and began sawing.

My eyes widened as I realised how well I was communicating with the man without the use of my mouth

I continued to stand awkwardly as I watched the muscles in his arms tense up as he pushed the saw through the wood, cutting it quickly and cleanly.

"So what's your name?" he continued to ask as he placed a second piece of wood on the table.

I struggled to think, I was doing well at answering yes or no questions but how was I able to tell him my name without the use of my fingers or mouth, it seemed impossible.

"Okay, let me think." He placed his hand under his chin, "I think your name begins with a G… wait, no! It begins with H?"

I was taken back by how spot on he was and tried clapping my hooves together to tell him how well he was doing. He seemed excited that he got it right the first time but went back into thinking mode again as his hand went back to his chin.

"Okay… so H… let's think… Hannah? No, that was a stupid guess, sorry… Hailey? No, no… Hally? Nope, you definitely do not look like a Hally… No."

I giggled at his thinking face, he looked like he was thinking really hard on what my name could be, I could imagine smoke coming out of his ears at any moment now.

"Heather?" He asked, after a long pause.

I screamed into my gag, clapping my hands as fast as I could and even jumped. I was so amazed that he got my name right so quickly that I didn't know how much noise I was making.

He watched with a full smile as I slowly settled down, which took longer than I thought it would.

"Jade told me," he finally admitted.

"Oh," I said into the gag, which was distorted by its horse-sounding feature.

"It's nice to meet you anyway."

My cheeks went fully red as I nearly forgot the relationship between him and Jade, I still found it odd how they were so different, even in looks there were no features that made them similar in any way.

The young man quickly cut the second piece of wood and took the two long pieces under his arm.

"Okay, let's get to fixing your stable."

I walked next to him as we took the few steps back to my stable, even with the trick he played on me, it was clearly a light joke and I still enjoyed being next to him.

As we reached my stable, I watched as he made sure the wood was the correct size. I also noticed that Harriet was watching me interact with the young man, but instead of scolding me, she watched from a distance with her hands on her hips.

James continued talking to me as he removed the rotten panels and took his time replacing them with the newly cut pieces of wood. He told me about when Jade started working at Harriet's stable around a year and a half ago and how she recommended him when the stable owner needed some work done.

I loved hearing him talk, he wasn't a proud man but he cared for the people around him and he was very thankful for the times anyone did anything for him.

I clung by his side as more clients entered the square. People of all ages walked in, which occupied the time of Lily, Kathia and Abigail. The purple and red ponies disappeared down the field with their clients and Lily stayed in the square, once again lying down by the fountain as her female client sat next to her and spoke about her week. It was adorable to watch as Lily was very interested in every word that came out of the ladies' mouth.

To be fair, I was the same with James.

He began asking me questions as he started painting the new panels, making sure they were protected and at the same time making them blend in with the rest of the wood.

He asked me about my past, he seemed to have known I was friends with Chloe and he knew I couldn't give detailed answers, but it seemed that he analysed my reaction to the question, which gave him more information than I could have given him.

He also asked me about my training with Beth, we both laughed as I let out a very long sigh which whistled through the gag.

He smiled at me, "Yeah, she's a bit much but she's nice."

I nodded, the events from yesterday had plagued my mind since, but I was grateful for what the older lady said to me, not only did she train me but she also spoke to me honestly about my situation, which in some ways made me feel better.

I noticed Harriet talking to someone behind us, next to the house. It looked to be a short lady who seemed rather uncomfortable. James also noticed this and turned towards me.

"Looks like you are up, champ." He smiled at me before returning to the painting.

I put on a happy face and almost skipped over to the stable owner, jumping next to her as I caught the last of their conversation.

"… I'll think I'll just go," A small timid voice came from the lady.

This close up I could tell the lady was older than I initially thought, she had short hair that hung just over her ears, hair which was pitch black. Her skinny frame was hidden under a long skirt, cardigan and a huge scarf, she even jumped slightly when I trotted up.

She must have been in her thirties but it was clear she didn't have too much of a social life.

"Can I ask what brought you here?" Harriet asked, trying to understand her side.

"Umm, I met someone online who told me about this place." She was squeezing her hands together as she struggled to let two strangers into her personal life, "I… I like petplay and ponyplay… latex and I struggle with… talking to people…"

"Sounds like you are right where you need to be."

"No, I shouldn't have come, I… should really go."

"Do you mind if I ask where you came from today?"

"L…London."

"London? You've driven hours to get here!"

"It's okay… I should go."

"Before you go, would you like to spend some time with Heather here?" Harriet put her arm around me, "Today is her first day so she's very nervous herself, could you spare an hour? Or maybe just half an hour?"

The shy woman looked at my eyes as I tried to smile and make her at ease, her gaze quickly fell as she took in the rest of my bound form. My shiny latex skin, furry hooves, stomach and head harness all seemed to have interested her, I even placed my hands up in a sort of begging motion.

"What will I even do with her?" She seemed a little more relaxed.

"Well you can take her for a walk with a lead rope, go into one of our quiet huts if you just want a cuddle with her? You could take her for a run around the school, Heather likes running."

I jabbed the woman in the side as she joked about my expense from yesterday. Thankfully, the woman didn't seem too interested in that last suggestion and asked if she could take me for a walk.

Harriet agreed and went to the storage cupboard to grab a lead rope.

As she attached it to my head harness, she pretended to adjust other parts of my body as she whispered close and out of earshot of the lady.

"Just try and be yourself, I'll keep an eye out in case she has… other plans with you, afterall she's new here, can't say I'm too pleased that someone decided to talk about us online to a complete stranger but if it means more money coming in then it's okay by me."

I nodded, I felt my heart pounding in my ears from nerves as it dawned on me that this is my first time interacting with someone who wasn't training me in some form, but I tried to breathe slowly and calm myself down.

"Awww," Harriet lost herself behind me, I felt a slight pulling at my back, "I did miss these tails, I do want to bring them back."

---

I couldn't explain the feeling, a part of me wanting to call it arousal but a majority of me just wanted to call it bliss. As soon as Harriet finished talking to me she gave the lady the end of my lead rope, the new woman acted as if I was just a horse. She called me ‘girl’ and told me to come with her, pulling the rope but holding it tight to my head harness that I couldn't do much but follow.

My hooves clapped on the floor as I followed right behind her. I struggled to think why I was so aroused by this feeling, when Beth walked me yesterday it felt good, but the idea of a random woman doing the same was pushing up my aroused state. Did I enjoy the humiliation of being treated as something less than human, as just an animal to this lady?

Even the idea that she was smaller than me but bossing me around added to the stimulation.

She walked past the huts and down the field, I could hear the couple talking to Nicole, it felt like hours since they took her away from James, how was she not bored of them by now?

"Wow, you are amazing," the woman stated, she continued to walk forward but took several glances behind her at my bound form.

She decided to go into one of the pens, she unlatched the gate and led me through. As she pulled the gate behind herself, she took a moment to place her hand on my cheek, her eyes stared deep into mine.

"You are beautiful," her thumb rubbed up and down, "I've been into pony play for a long time but never knew I would see a girl this close up."

I didn't know what to do, I moved my head into her hands, showing the timid woman that I loved the feeling of her touch on me.

"Heather, is it?"

I nodded my head up and down, blowing out of my gag as I did so.

"Wow, that's perfect. You sound exactly like a horse," she referred to the horse snorting noise the gag made, "My name is Donna, it's lovely to meet you."

She pulled off the lead rope and clicked with her mouth, telling me to go out and explore. I was taken by surprise as it showed the woman had experiences with horses before, but I followed her lead and ran further into the pen. I wanted to ask her about her history and her interests, but I had to wait until she was comfortable to open up to me before I knew that information.

In my mind, I tried moving like an equine creature, taking long strides as I ran out into the pen but walking slowly back to her whilst waiting for her next move. Each time I came back to her, she ran her hands over my head harness, over my fake ears and even took my autumn tinted hair between her fingers. However, these moments only lasted for seconds before she told me to go out into the pen. As I cantered around her, I noticed her eyes were transfixed onto my silver form as she scanned my breasts bouncing and my butt shaking from the movement. The latex left me practically naked, wearing enough for someone to have to use their imagination but showing enough that they didn't have to think hard.

I ran back into her again, blowing through the gag and shaking my head to simulate normal horse behaviour. Once again, she welcomed me into her arms.

"For years I've worked with horses," She stated whilst deep in thought, "It was my life, my childhood, all the way to being an adult I worked in stables."

Her hand caressed my head harness once more, but her other hand sat at the small of my back.

"When I was a teenager, I found out about BDSM, latex, restraints… the works. I was a curious person and once I found out about it, I could never shake it from my head. It became an obsession… Do you know what I mean?"

I nodded, enjoying her fingers scratching my ear.

"My young, stupid brain put the two things together, my new obsession and my life long passion of working with horses. I had this mental image of a woman tied up whilst naked in horse equipment, being forced to act like a pony. I don't know why but that image… that fuelled my sexuality."

I stopped pushing my head into her hand and just listened to her story. I was very aware of her hand on my back travelling further down towards my butt.

"I even tried it once.'' Her eyes were looking into the distance, "One day, when my family were away, they left me alone for the day at the farm… I… I stripped myself completely naked and went into the storage room and I put on a headcollar… which was way too big for me and attached a saddle to my back. I pretended to be a horse and mentally begged for someone to ride me, Of course I was on my own."

I listened, deep down a part of me understood the idea of having a fetish that couldn't be accomplished but another part of me was disturbed by what she was saying. Was I right to judge her for what she was turned on by despite being the one in two layers of latex and leather?

If I was the same person I was back in the city, I would have told her to stay the fuck away from me, but the new Heather wanted to listen more to the woman's story.

"Do you mind if we lie down?" she asked.

I nodded and together we got onto the grass, lying side by side as we watched the day unfold in the sky above. I was aware of every movement the lady made, I was still unsure on what to think of her and I think my brain was being sceptical enough to keep my body in fight or flight mode.

"You know, it's funny," she smiled as she looked up at the beautiful sky, "Even though I have grown up since then and I knew my fetishes should stay in my head, I didn't ever stop thinking of that thought, that image of a tied up woman in horse equipment. It's been nearly twenty years since I first thought of it and it's still in my head, clear as day."

I turned my head to look at her, her eyes were fixed upwards towards the light clouds, her soft smile seemed cute as she accessed her old memories.

"Do you mind if I ask you a question?" She asked, finally turning her head and looking me in the eye.

I shook my head, allowing her to ask me anything she wanted.

"Does it feel good?"

I felt her place her hand on my leg, just above my knee.

She added to the question, "To be tied up…"

Her hand slowly started to glide up.

"All helpless in latex and horse equipment."

Her fingers nearly got to the top of my leg, my sex was tensed in anticipation but my head was screaming as it was unsure how to feel.

Before her hand got too high up a voice came from outside the paddock, it was Harriet's.

"Hey, how is it going?" She asked as she rested her body against the fence.

Donna jumped up, acting as if she was caught with her pants down, "Hi… Yes, it's all great, thank you."

I got up too, much slower than the stranger. The look of general confusion on my face was enough for the stable owner to get into defensive mode.

"I'm glad you two had fun, it is Heather's first day and we don't want to wear her out too much. Would you mind if we ended it for the day?"

"Any chance I can have more time with her?" The lady complained, "We haven't been here too long."

"You two have been here for an hour."

An hour? Me and Donna spent an entire hour running around this pen and in each other's embrace, not that I was complaining that it was over.

"Really? Okay, I should get going then," Donna reluctantly agreed, "I've got quite the drive to get home."

Harriet came in and helped the woman up to her feet, "If you go back to the house, you should see Chloe, give her your number and we'll arrange another visit."

I managed to get onto my feet as Donna agreed, the lady gave me one final hug before walking back. Harriet came up to me and patted the grass off my shiny skin, waiting for the quiet woman to be out of sight before she unlocked the gag from my suit.

"Are you okay?" She asked, with a sound of concern in her voice, "You looked really worried when I came in, did she do anything?"

I moved my mouth, feeling the freedom without the gag, "I'm okay… it was just… odd."

"Odd? In what way?"

"Uh, she told me about how she got into bondage and ponyplay, some messed up story about trying out real horse equipment on herself."

"Okay, anything else?"

"She… tried touching me."

"Where?"

I pointed with my hoof, "Just above the leg and then she started going higher and higher."

"Yeah?"

"Then you came in and stopped it."

She sighed out in relief, "Okay, so nothing much happened. How are you feeling?"

"I'm okay, just weirded out."

"You don't have to answer, but did you want to be… touched?"

I looked down, my hands trembled, "I don't know… I wasn't against it but it was just… odd. She was nice to me but the way she talked about her sexual past was just… eerie."

I noticed how quiet Harriet went, almost as if she didn't know what to say.

"Am I messed up?" I asked her, completely confused about how I felt.

She placed both of her hands on my shoulders, "No, you are far from it. Wearing these outfits, being tied up, your body is firing with all thrusters so it can be confusing what you like and what you don't."

"Okay."

"Heather, I'm sorry you had this weird experience on your first day, this is a safe environment but we do get the odd strange person here and there, I'll completely understand if you want to leave."

A few tears hit my eyes and I ran into the stable owner, holding her tight with both arms, she held me in return.

"No, I'm not going anywhere," I stated.

"Good, I was getting used to you being here." She pushed me back, "Did you want me to ban that woman?"

I took a moment to think, "No, I think I'm okay. I'll be able to handle myself."

"Me and Chloe will always be here for you if you have any issues, but I promise that there isn't much to worry about in this job."

We shared another hug before the older woman reinstalled the gag, reattached the lead rope and led me back to the main square.

---

"How was her first day?" Chloe asked as she greeted me and the stable owner.

Right next to my friend was Abigail, I assumed they just said goodbye to their client and were relaxing together. Just like me, the tall, red lady was being moved with a leadrope, with Chloe holding the end. They joined us as we walked into the square, which was now quiet and void of any clients.

Harriet sighed, "Eventful, I'm sure she'll tell you it all."

As the four of us looked around the square, we noticed a new vehicle was parked in the middle by the fountain, this time it looked like a typical horse carrier, even having a picture of a running horse on the side, with the back hatch of the vehicle facing me, Harriet, Chloe and Abigail.

"This was just dropped off," Jade yelled at us as she approached the back of the truck, "You don't think it's Saffron, do you? We weren't expecting her for a few days."

Without orders, Jade unlocked the back of the truck and pushed the sliding door up.

The world seemed to go in slow motion as a horrified look came onto Harriet's face. She screamed at Chloe to hold on tight to Abigail's lead rope. Right before me, the tall, red woman's tone completely changed. Transforming from a kind and loving pony to one that had complete anger inside her.

Chloe yelped in shock as the once calm pony pulled tight against her bonds, my friend held the rope as close to the woman's head as possible to stop her, however, the ruby-coloured horse still dragged my friend a few feet towards the truck.

Harriet had already sprinted across the square, I noticed Jade was almost jumping out of the way as the sliding door had almost reached the top.

The truck shook left and right, trembling from the movement of the creature inside. My brain didn't have enough time to comprehend what was happening before a black blur sprinted out of the vehicle, a creature of pure power galloped towards Abigail.

If this was Saffron, I was terrified of her. Every part of her form oozed with power, the thick muscles in her legs strained and tensed when she sprinted across the square, only being held back by the aged stable owner.

She had deep, ebony skin that was complimented by a unique, black horse outfit. Whilst everyone else's outfits had their limbs covered, Saffron's showed off her bare skin, seemingly more of a latex leotard than a full suit, which showed off her toned muscles in both her arms and legs which pulsated with every movement.

Her head was shaved on both sides but had a layer of thick, black hair that was pulled through the top of the head harness, slightly adding to her scary look.

Jade managed to grab onto Saffron's lead rope too, successfully managing to hold her back from Abigail. James ran across the square to help.

All I saw between the two horses was pure, uncontrolled power as the black and red ponies stood up against each other, Saffron actually standing taller than Abigail. The two snorted loudly through their gags and stomped their hooves on the ground, creating a layer of dust to come up from their sudden stomps.

Even with the gag in, I watched them with my mouth wide open as the two showed off their strength, being nearly head to head with two people holding them back each.

"Yeah, forgot to say," Harriet laughed as she noticed my shocked expression, despite using all her energy to hold onto the tall woman, "Saffron and Abigail hate each other!"

I was suddenly scared of both girls.
