---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Training of Slave Selena
authors:
- James W
tags:
- M/f
- MF/f
- ff
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- slave
- catsuit
- SBR
- public
- x-frame
- breathplay
- mast
- denial
- toys cons
- X
date: 2009-06-03 00:00:00
---

Story continued from [Part 7](training_slaveselena7.html)

**Part Eight**

**Chapter 15: Training Resumes**

‘S’ lay quietly totally encapsulated in latex not one inch of her flesh exposed. ‘So here I am an animate being sealed inside an inanimate covering of my own choosing, latex rubber. The additional bondage of the straps and the tightness of them enhances the feeling of being contained and as such, I am covered and invincible and yet at the same time vulnerable. I am here until my Master releases me; I am in my element both as a slave to my Master as well as to the latex. The feeling of being in total bondage is amazing and the sensations are quite exquisite, it feels as if every nerve end is alive and sending messages to the pleasure centre in my brain. The feeling of being contained within the all covering latex and the all over squeeze of the rubber as it forms an impervious constraining layer is so physically and mentally satisfying. Here I lie in extreme bondage, my mouth filled with a fully inflated latex bladder with breathe through hole allowing me to gain enough air to breath. I can’t move a muscle and yet I am as happy as I could possibly be. I am fulfilled. I am at peace; I want this to go on for ever!’ ‘S’ began her mantra and eventually drifted off to a bondaged dreamless sleep.

The Master entered the dungeon dressed as he had been on the day before; head to toe in black latex. He carried in his hand a distended latex bladder. Walking over the bench which held the bondaged slave he affixed the strap of the bladder to a hook above the supine form and connected the tube to the feeding line then placed a gloved hand on his slave.

‘S’ had been awake for some time but was unaware of the passing hours as she lay in her dark universe. The touch brought her immediately to full conscientiousness. It was if she had received an electric shock to her body, she felt the vibrations of her suit being stroked as a finger was dragged across it. She squirmed in her bondage now desperately wanting the attention of her Master, eager to begin another day under his absolute control.

Her gag was deflated and withdrawn from her mouth with the instructions not to speak. She moved her jaw from side to side to gain some relief from the overnight bondage. Before she had chance to move her jaw more than a couple of times she was aware of a tube being gently introduced into her mouth. She immediately knew that it was the feeding tube and she was thrilled. “Keep swallowing slave it’s time for your breakfast”.

Breakfast for ‘S’ consisted of liquid yoghurt and energy drink via her stomach tube. She was released at 9:30am and told to shower and take her enema, then redress in her cat suit.

She was pleased to note that she had been in her latex now for 26 hours. Standing in the shower still completely covered in latex she felt the drumming of the warm water as it cascaded from her second skin, her vinyl lenses allowing her to look directly up into the full flow of the water without any of it entering her protective suit. She stripped off the suit and helmet and washed as instructed, carefully hanging out her suit to dry. She knew that it was only a matter of time before she would be held with in its warm embrace again. The shower completed she dried the suit then took her enema.

Now completely clean on both the inside and outside she got dressed as instructed. The lubed anal rod eased in to its hilt and she experienced again the thrill of being entered by the large black rubber rod as her sphincter closed around the base. The cat suit now talced, slipped on easily. She was ready for her special outing with her beloved Master. She felt refreshed and full of energy. The enforced bondage on the bench had allowed her to sleep soundly. Her thoughts dwelt momentarily on her condition, ‘yes I’m travelling the path to total subservience and I love it.’ Then she presented herself to her Master.

By the time she left the penthouse flat she knew today was going to be ‘fun.’ Underneath her tightly belted SBR and sou’wester she wore her new corset, the De Mask heavy weight boned latex one which added a whole new dimension to the word ‘corseted’. Each breath was shallow her rub cage compression allowed nothing else. The boned neck corset, together with her hooded open face helmet held her head high; she was unable to turn her head or look down. As they left her master had patted her on the bottom with the words “Remember slave, always tight and tidy!”

‘S’ turned and completed a very stiff bow then followed her Master to his TVR.

As they drove he was the first to speak. “Remember slave, this is your day, your reward for being good. Tomorrow however, you will resume your training; enjoy your self. Boots and shoes are your quest I believe; just remember heels must be at least 5” nothing less!”

“Yes Master,” she answered slightly breathless.

Entering the ‘Little shoe company shop ‘S’ took a seat beside her Master. The first pair was latex thigh boots with 6” heels. Removing her rubber riding boots and pulling up the skirt of her SBR ’S’ revealed her latex clad legs. She blushed and cast her eyes down. The sales girl took it in her stride but began addressing her Master. It was clear that the assistant had dealt with other females dressed similarly.

“These boots, once on, only allow for limited movement. They are favoured by many Masters as not only do they look good, but they polish up beautifully and of course remind the slave of their position.” She went on to tell of posture ballet boots with 9” heels which required considerable training before they could be worn comfortably. ‘S’ was required to try them on and although she couldn’t stand properly in them now, that would come; a pair in crimson red were purchased. By the time she left carrying 3 pairs with another pair on special order, she was well into her buying spree.

At the table outside a restaurant they sat enjoying a well deserved coffee and pastry. The Saturday shoppers focused on their own quest ignored the two lovers identically dressed in SBR’s as they sat waiting for the next shower. The weekend promise was going to be fulfilled. ‘S’ leaned over to her master and whispered , “Master in two weeks time I will be yours, and do you know I can’t wait to give myself to you completely. You know I loved the sales girl talking to you and calling you your proper name ‘Master.’ She ignored me completely. I had a big rush knowing that I was just your slave.” She continued. “The heavy corset and neck corset really are reminding me of my position and the fact that my neck corset is showing above the collar of my SBR is exciting me; anybody can see it. To have no head movement other than slightly up, together with the open faced hood damping out sound and partially enclosing my head is further proof of your control over me and my position; I‘m so excited !” She offered her lips to her Master; he accepted them. They kissed deeply.

It came on to drizzle as they moved off to another fetish shoe specialist. The walk was enjoyed by them both. Small droplets of rain formed on their rubber mackintoshes then merged into larger drops before joining together and slipping in runnels down the polished surface of their armour. ‘S’ couldn’t walk too quickly, her corset just didn’t allow it. So they strolled along holding hands towards their next shop.

This time, when asked what she was looking for she said nothing; using her eyes to communicate that her man would do the talking. Again the assistant conversed with her Master. In her former life, before she met and fell for her man, before she really know of her deep masochistic desires she would have, as an independent lady, reacted strongly to being ignored. Now she felt only a thrill. They left with further stiletto ankle and calf boots.

In the car, on their way home, her Master mentioned that they would dine as a couple, then ‘S’ would resume her training.

Entering the flat ‘S’ followed her Master into his luxury sitting room; she stood still tightly strapped into her SBR. Her Master stood in front of her erect figure and looked her over head to foot. Her eyes down cast ‘S’ stood and waited, knowing she excited her Master by doing so. He bent forward slightly so that their lips were nearly touching. “Slave you look divine, I’ve got a good mind to keep you as you are whilst we eat.” Then their lips met ‘S’ shuddered at the soft warm lips of her Master but overcame the desire to throw her arms around his neck, rather she moved her arms behind her back in supplication.

He drew away from her then began to undress her. First, he loosened the throat strap which had kept her high collar up, then her wrist straps, followed by the skirt straps on the inside of her SBR finally the tight belt of her waist was undone. Taking his time to whisper sweet nothings into her hooded ear he ceremonially unbuttoned the lancer front of her rubber mackintosh and lifted it from her shoulders. ‘S’ heart was a-beat, the honeydew of sexual arousal wetting the inside of her latex suit. She stood now stock still, head held high her tight corset and neck bondage revealed. The unnaturally slim waist constrained within the inexorably compressed heavy black latex fully boned corset. Her slim neck held immovable. She held her breath. Again her Master stood back feasting his eyes on his charge.

“slave you please me. Now a choice for you; I can remove your corset before you eat, but I shall reaffix them once we have eaten, or you can remain as you are. If you choose to be released you will of course incur demerits”.

‘S’ spoke, a glint in her eye, “Master as much as I would like demerits I am enjoying the tight control of the corsets and once eaten I suspect the corset would not return to its present position, so my choice is to remain corseted.”

“Hmm, a good answer slave, but I can see I shall have to take you in hand.” Here he had a glint in his eye as he spoke. He stared directly into her eyes and for a brief moment they acknowledged the game they were both playing.

As they finished the meal her master spoke. “Right slave off to the dungeon, stand in the corner and prepare yourself for whatever comes”.

Entering the dungeon now dressed head to foot in black latex he was in good form. The day had gone well and the meal had given them both a chance to rest and relax. Now he had plans to surprise his slave with other items from the huge DeMask order which had arrived in the last couple of days. He approached his slave; now in the kneeling slave position, her head held high by the stiff neck corset. He felt the growing stiffness in his groin at the excitement of the image before him. As he approached he noted his slave’s eyes were closed but her lips were moving. He placed a gloved finger under her chin and applying slight upward pressure he signalled her to stand.

He then began to unlace her neck corset. Her eyes were still tight shut. He left the open faced hood and pulled on the vinyl lensed helmet which she loved. Over this the fitted a new clear hood in soft flexible vinyl with a breath through tube and restriction valve. Refitting the neck corset and pulling it in ‘S’ triple enclosed head was held rigid. Through the clear vinyl breathing control hood the full latex hood was clearly visible the bulging cheeks confirming the efficacy of her gagging. “Open your eyes slave and look at me.” ‘S’ did as instructed. She blinked to focus on her Master through the bulbous hood. The masked head of her Master showing off to perfection his warm brown eyes; she swooned as he stared her in the eye, holding her gaze. It was as if she was a rabbit held on the headlights of a car. She couldn’t take her eyes off her Master. She had been commanded. He moved closer and spoke.

“Slave, I’m going to restrict your breathing now. Then you will follow me into the dungeon”.

With that he screwed down the restrictor. ‘S’ breathed in knowing that she would have to work hard to gain any air, if indeed her Master had left any. The vinyl hood contracted as she sucked in increasingly stale air to gain the very last vestiges of oxygen. The vinyl collapsing inward as it squeezed her latex helmet against her head until she felt as if she was being vacuumed packed in the hood; the image of her Master now distorted by the tight encasement of the vinyl hood. She realised that the restrictor had been screwed down nearly to full and only the smallest amount of new air was being drawn in she was effectively sealed off from the outside world enclosed within her own sphere. ‘S’ had learnt to overcome the instinct to panic; she was devotee of this form of control. She scissored her legs to gain sexual pleasure holding the air in her lungs. Then it was time to exhale. She breathed out; the clear vinyl ballooned out creating a clear enclosing helmet.

Her shiny latex helmet now enshrouded within the sphere; she squirmed as a spasm arose from deep within her. She tried to speak “Master I love you.” but the balloon gag prohibited any utterance. She fluttered her eyes behind the vinyl lenses trying to communicate with her Master. She saw his pupils dilate then a slight head nod to acknowledge her. Then it was time to breathe in again; the process of air control with only a small amount of fresh air entering her lungs each time had ‘S’ on a high of sexual lust mixed with excitement.

A lead was attached to her corset collar and she was led over to the ‘X’ frame fixed to the wall. She was tightly strapped onto this so no movement what so ever was possible. She was completely immobile, with feet on small platforms projecting form the ‘X’ frame which lifted her off the ground about 6” from the bottom of the frame; her head held high, the neck corset saw to that. A throat strap was affixed together with the normal forehead strap; she could not feel the throat strap as the corset protected this vulnerable area.

Her Master satisfied with the constraint turned his attention to her crotch area. She felt the through zip being undone; the next instant she shuddered and involuntarily sucked in air as her wringing wet vaginal lips and clitoris was brushed lightly with gloved finger. She tried to wriggle but her bonds held her tight. Her Master teased her until she was gasping and in doing so losing the rhythm of controlled breathing. Sensing this, her Master withdrew his hand reached up and closed the inlet valve a further two turns then returned his fingers to the swollen pendulent lips of his slave’s vagina, the honeydew further wetting his gloves, ‘S’ now focused on sucking in life giving air, the vinyl squeezing her head, as a partial vacuum of her own making enveloped her head. All the time the fingers working magic on her.

“Keep your eyes open slave and look me in the eye!”

‘S’ did as instructed she was panting now, all control gone. The distorted image of her Master caused by the two vinyl lenses and the beads of condensation in the vinyl balloon helmet her master was using to control her breathing further distorted the image. Her breathing now rapid; the helmet tenting in and out rapidly as she used up the available air, “For the love of my Master, for the love of my Master,” spinning through her mind combined with “I love, I worship, I serve you Master” her mind racing, thoughts coming faster than the unmouthed words. ‘Yes, Yes, Yes, Oh Yes, I’m in paradise, the pleasure dome, under control, a slave …… then as her climax built she stiffened, her bondaged body ready to ride the orgasmic delight.

The withdrawal of gloved finger left her gasping and the next instant her zip was closed and her air inlet unscrewed to allow more air into her lungs. Her eyes now wide open questioning. Her master spoke. “Not yet slave; you have a long night ahead of you. Now regain control, I’ve got further plans for you.” With that he left ‘S’ hanging on the very edge of an orgasm. ‘S’ was devastated she had come so far along the road to orgasmic release and had been expecting to achieve her goal. She realised that she had been tensing her body prior to her Masters withdrawal. Now she hung loose within her bonds and took stock. The disappointment had been real but she realised that far from it signalling the end of the session it was but an interlude and her ever devious Master had further plans as yet unknown to her.

‘S’ luxuriated in her clinging latex suit her body damp from the stimulation, a thin patina of perspiration held within her impermeable covering. The sexual frustration now receding as she hung within her bondage; she enjoyed the demonstration of control which her Master had over her. She was fascinated with the new clear vinyl breathing control hood and the misting of condensation which further distorted her vision as it collapsed then re-inflated with each breath.

She relaxed as best she could within the limitations of her bondage, closed her eyes and began fantasising about what would happen next. She pictured herself being entered simultaneously both back and front whilst her air was cut off allowing her only to rebreathe her own spent exhalations; but try as she might she could not edge her way to orgasm. She was held in between sexual gratification and frustration. ‘S’ had no idea of time passing only of her sexually charged condition. Above all she desperately wanted the touch of her Master, but she knew wish fulfilment was not within her grasp.

She closed her eyes and began her mantra knowing that this would allow her to gain physical and spiritual calmness. Then she was again in her dark warm inner space floating, drifting, her mind soaring in the dark universe where time had no meaning only the immediate now; temporal order was on hold.

Her Master‘s return was unperceived by his slave; he sat watching his charge for some time fingering two nipple clamps. “I love you more than you will ever know darling Selena, darling submissive slave; you are the lady of my dreams.” He was sexually excited, by the realisation of his long held dream, the words he had silently voiced and the sight of his slave in tight bondage; the swelling in his groin confirming his eagerness to couple with his rubberised slave. He rose, walked over to ‘S’ and without any warning screwed down the inlet valve on her vinyl balloon hood closing the ingress of any air. Then taking hold of her right nipple applied a clamp. The instant ballooning of the hood told all; she had exhaled as the shock of the nipple clamp had suddenly brought her out of her warm comfort. The clamp was squeezing her ringed nipple and would be painful until she accommodated to the pressure. The second clamp applied caused a sharp intake of breath resulting in a pressure squeeze as the clear vinyl was sucked tightly around her head. Then it ballooned out until it was taut; a perfect sphere.

“Slave you will now be tested in your breathing control. Grunt twice to beg for more air, but only if you really need it, any cheating will result in prolongation of this session. Now grunt once to confirm you have understood the rules.”

A single sound issued from the bondaged form.

Then two grunts indicated that air was needed. The control screw was opened slightly. The rapid controlled heaving intake of air went on for a couple of minutes before it slowed and indicated to her Master that she had accommodated to the restricted air intake. ‘S’ was now ready for more training. This time the control screw was opened fully and the slave instructed to inhale deeply. Then an attachment was fitted to the tube. The black latex rebreathing bag hanging limply came to life as the exhaled air was expirated from the slave’s lungs. The latex bag crinkled out as it filled; just before it became a taut spheroid air was sucked out causing the balloon to resume its former shape. The combination of balloon hood coupled with latex rebreathing balloon allowed the slave to breathe quite normally for some time before the useful air began running out. The dildo came to life sending spasms of pure pleasure through the encapsulated slave. ‘S’ knew she couldn’t hold out very long in this condition and would climax quickly. However, her Master had other plans.

Each time she began to tense herself to allow the tsunami of orgasm to wash her away, her master stopped the dildo and opened the inlet valve. She was denied the pleasure she so desperately needed.

Breathing latex scented air via the inlet valve into the latex bladder ‘S’ was able to collect her thoughts, ‘Master, oh beloved Master, you play with me like a virtuoso orchestral musician plays the instrument of his choosing; taking me to the highest peaks then to the depths of despair. When, oh when will you allow me to take pleasure? You tease me endlessly yet deep within my soul I’m your willing slave and need this and other extreme experiences to fulfil my destiny. Will this ever end? I want these wonderful teasing sensations to go on.’ Then she was squirming again as the dildo deep within her vagina began vibrating again, ‘Yes, yes, deeper, harder,’ her mind racing. The air she was breathing had that moist rebreathed flavour, ‘yes, yes, yes; seal me from the outside world.’ She sucked in a lungful then held her breath tensed her body and prayed for a pleasure.

Again she was denied and again and again long hour after hour into the early hours of the new day she was putty in his inventive hands. She was wringing wet inside of her latex suit, the perspiration pooling at her ankles and was oh, so very weary. The nipple clamps had exacted a toll on her pierced nipples. A dull ache impinged on her consciousness; she had given up any hope of taking a pleasure. It seemed to her that she had always been like this; this was the reality, all outside stimulus had receded into the background only the here and now existed she was focused totally on her condition and the quest to take pleasure. All this time her Master had kept up a one sided dialogue with his charge. She of course could only communicate via her eyes; opening them wide fluttering and slowly closing them. She had developed quite a repertoire.

At the last futile attempt to take pleasure she had pleaded with her eyes and he had understood her perfectly well.

“Slave, your request is refused. The time is not right yet, I will judge when you may take pleasure.”

Eyes shut she was now utterly spent and was beginning to doze off in her confines. Her Master noted this and smiled to himself.

This time the internal vibrator didn’t switch off and the breathing bag remained sealed instead. ‘S’ awoken from her daze; responded, but anticipated another anticlimax. She was elated when she passed the point at which her Master normally ceased stimulation. Then it was there; the unmistakable deep feeling which was the precursor to an orgasm. ‘S’ now wide awake knew this was to be the tsunami wave which she would ride. She could feel the tingle in her extremities as nerve endings began to spasm; all stimuli coalescing as they joined together and moved towards her pleasure centre. Her brain overloaded trying to process the incoming stimuli her body now lost to carnal sensations. Her breathing ragged the combination of vinyl hood and rebreathing bladder fluttering without rhythm, ‘S’ opened her eyes in an ecstatic trance unfocused but wide open.

She was now beyond the point of no return, her vaginal muscles clamped around the thick black rubber dildo which continued to vibrate. Her nipples now on fire; she waited for the wave to flood over her, milli seconds passed and then she was riding the rising cataclysm of orgasm. She was in her element covered head to foot in her beloved latex rubber the restrictive breathing exciting her beyond measure, knowing that she was out of control, even her master was now powerless to stop the inevitable. Her eyes flickered rapidly then closed her breathing stopped; the vinyl balloon hood clamped tight to her helmeted head, the rebreathing bag hung lifeless, limp. Then she was riding the tsunami wave as an overwhelming pleasure overtook her body. She tensed against her tight bondage her gloved hands clenched, her mouth opened fully and through her inflated breathe through gag the sound of ecstasy issued, the keening high pitched sound signified that the slave had transcended the tantric peak and was now in nirvana. Her master all this time was observing every single stage of his slave’s progress. He still clad head to toe in black shiny latex was very aware of his straining member sliding in pre-orgasmic fluid. His attention however never wavered; he was focused entirely on his slave.

The first tsunami had overwhelmed ‘S’ in her dark universe; star bursts flashing, pulsating myriads of exploding tiny flashes had her spinning head over heels as the universe imploded on her. Then wave after wave of shuddering orgasmic after shocks held her transfixed, before finally warm blackness overtook her as she slipped into oblivion her breath still held. Her body took over once she lost consciousness and autonomic responses had her sucking in lungfuls of fresh air. Her Master had responded quickly as she lost consciousness. Her head slumped to one side still held by her tight neck corset. He was ready and immediately fully opened the breathing valve having removed the limp latex bladder.

‘S’ took some moments to regain consciousness. As a diver regains the surface.’S’ was aware, once again of her terrestrial surroundings. She was now breathing normally. It took an effort of will to leave her dark universe and to open her eyes. She slowly focused on her Master’s helmeted head his brown eyes steady, full of love for his slave. She tried to speak, to tell him of her deep love for him but the inflatable gag stopped all sound, instead she returned his gaze through her dilated pupils communicating the love she had for him. She was now in the post orgasmic state, warm loved and utterly spent. She knew she would be overtaken by sleep in moments. She was held, comfortable but for the nagging pain in her nipples. As if she had spoken clearly, her Master spoke.

“Slave, I am going to remove your nipple clamps, your nipples will hurt but it will pass”. With that both clamps were simultaneously removed. A stab of pain shot through ‘S’ and she would have screamed had she not been effectively gagged. Then her Master removed the vinyl globe helmet from her head and released her from her bonds. An exhausted slave took to her latex sheeted bed at 4.35am and was asleep almost before her helmeted head had hit the latex pillow.

**Chapter 16: Last Night of Freedom**

‘S’ awoke still heavily rubberised, her corset holding her fast; she ached all over and felt the need for a long shower. The liquid in her suit had been re-absorbed whilst she slept, she lay wondering what time it was and where her beloved Master was. The room was night black and she realised that she had been blindfolded. She reached up to check only to realise that she was restricted; her hands would not move above her neck. The sound of chain confirmed her bondage; she lay back and would have smiled had not the breathe-through gag stopped her. There was nothing to do but wait for release by her Master.

She dozed off again. The next instant she felt the touch of her Master; sitting up in bed she awaited release.

“Slave, you have slept well I’ve checking on you since 9.00am. You first awoke at 11.am then went back to sleep, it’s now 1.30 pm. Time for you to shower then join me for brunch. I’ve laid out your clothes for today.” With that he released ‘S’ and went off to the kitchen.

Now refreshed ‘S’ felt wonderful in her new attire. The pencil slim skirt in black latex with no knickers, special ‘cuff’ bra which allowed her full breasts to be held in constraining cuffs, the main part of her breast held in the latex bands which projected the bare skin front part of her breasts and pierced nipples which tented the pewter latex blouse with ruffed high neck and full sleeves with tapered cuffs. She wore 5” stiletto heels on her slim latex encased legs the stockings gripping her thighs.

She entered the kitchen to find her Master dressed in black latex slacks and pewter shirt.

“I see we are a matching pair Master.” Then she was upon him arms thrown around his neck mouths sealed together in a passionate kiss; the lifted left leg of ‘S’ telling of her love for her Master. Breaking off after some time, ‘S’ spoke

“Master, that trip was the most amazing experience I’ve ever had, I blacked out at the end you know! I was in seventh heaven for the majority of the time and you were just wonderful, you know how to please a woman! You play with your slave as a virtuoso plays his Stradivarius! I really believed you would never let me take pleasure. I was in a constant state of arousal yet never able to achieve a pleasure on my own; you saw to that and had me desperate to take one. I soon realised that you were in absolute control and that until you saw fit I would be unable too. The rebreathing helmet and bags were fantastic; you know I’m addicted I can’t get enough of it, it blows my mind.” She added, “I can’t wait to become your 24/7 slave, just to think of what you will do to me and how you will train me makes me weak at the knees, thank you, thank you, thank you.”

Later in the day two SBR mackintoshed lovers gloved hand in hand moved amongst the Sunday afternoon shoppers at Camden Lock. Their original meeting on that wet winters day now a distant memory, ‘S’ had changed beyond all recognition. The weather had been unseasonably warm for some days but the afternoon stroll, first in a gloomy overcast summer’s day had deteriorated to what looked like an immanent thunderstorm. The first heavy drops smashed into the dry dusty surface and had people scurrying to find shelter. The two lovers stopped for a moment, pulled out their sou’westers and put them on, then laughing they pulled their belts in another notch. As if that action was a signal to the rain gods, the heavens opened. In a moment they were glistening in their rubber attire, happy and deeply in love as the deluge continued unabated. To the casual observer it would appear that two sensibly clad people if somewhat old fashioned in their respective belted mackintoshes and sou’westers were well dressed for the deluge.

Returning to James flat they took off their shiny black rubber and then sat celebrating over a glass of wine, their good fortune, in having found each other.

“You know Master, in less than one weeks time I shall have become your 24/7 permanent rubber slave, and I can’t wait until then, the time since Friday has been absolutely fantastic you have given me experiences, even I with my highly fertile Imagination, couldn’t have conceptualised. You are so exciting Master, and I am your eager acolyte.” All this time ‘S’ was kneeling at the feet of her Master as became her status.

“Don’t worry slave, the time will pass quickly” and then added “There is much to be completed before then and your daily training must continue. I want you in peak condition when you present yourself for the formal signing of yourself over to me as my 24/7 slave. I’ve got two friends who will sign as formal witnesses as the contract is a legal document. I’ve had a solicitor friend draft the contract and he tells me it will be a legally binding entity.” Adding, “Forgive the pun!”

They both laughed, then James bent down to kiss his slave ‘S’. “You know I love you to bits, I’m head over heels in love with you, and you really are the lady of my dreams. Although once you are my property I shall have absolute control over you.” Here, he fixed his gaze into her grey eyes. “And I shall fully exercise my right to test and extend you beyond your wildest fantasies.” Hearing these words had Selena’s pulse racing; she couldn’t wait! “Now, where were we? Yes, final arrangements to attend to. You leave your work on Wednesday, am I right?”

“Yes Master.”

“Thursday you can bring over anything you want in the way of fetish gear or personal belongings. I know you have disposed of most of your worldly goods the final collection of furniture will be completed on Thursday. So that night you will sleep in your empty flat on an inflatable rubber mattress which I will lend you. You will dress only in latex from then onwards. On Friday you hand over keys and to all intents and purposes are homeless. You will stay at a friend’s house who knows of our plans; he and his wife are to be witnesses at the signing ceremony. Selena, slave I use your name now as from Saturday onwards you will never use it again. You will be addressed a ‘S’ or slave; do you understand.” A compliant, “Yes Master” issued from Selena’s lips. James noted she was flushed; what a lady! He thought to himself.

They slept naked between latex sheets ‘S’ woke and completed her daily ritual then made breakfast for them both before pulling on her SBR and setting off for work. It was a lovely early summer’s day. The SBR was somewhat out of place but to Selena, now in her final few days of freedom, it was a symbol of her new found way of life; something from her past but also of the present and she knew with certainty, of the future.

As predicted the week flew past; the leaving drinks with her work colleagues and the presentation of gifts, together with the endless odds and ends to bring the whole process to a conclusion all took time and she had little chance to brood on the lack of latex bondage. She consoled herself with ‘All good things come to those that wait.’ James was out of town until Thursday and as she had sold her computer she was unable to receive e-mails. The nightly phone calls however, lasted long into the night as the two lovers confirmed their love.

Thursday night spent alone in her empty echo-y flat was both a low spot as well as a high. Lying completely covered in latex between latex sheets on the rubber air mattress which her Master had loaned her Selena contemplated her position. Here she was in an empty echo-y flat the only possession she had were her day clothes, her beloved SBR and the latex clothing she was cocooned in now. All vestiges of her present life had been stripped away, disposed of. Her flat had been sold and the monies put on deposit; she was a wealthy mature woman but the money she now had would be barred from her use after Saturday. She felt lonely, alone in the stripped flat; no ‘phone connection, no e-mail. This must be my all time low of life she reasoned, but it was not! Deep within her there was the knowledge, a sure deeply satisfying knowledge, that this was just what she had always longed for, to be free from any property, procession or responsibility, save that of being totally masochistic; compliant to one who held power of life or death over her. Her heart skipped a beat, yes; I’m free as a swallow to explore the outer limits of the dark universe under the strict guidance and control of my beloved Master. With the certainty of maturity and a fine intellect Selena had arrived at the place of her conversion. “Only another day, only another day”……… sleep over came the recumbent form.

Selena awoke with a start it was the middle of the night and an unfamiliar sound had roused her, she lay silent listening for the sound that had awoken her. But there was nothing only the strange empty shell of her flat. “It must have been the building sighing she reasoned. Pulling up the latex sheet covering her she closed her eyes, but sleep evaded her. She was wide awake and that old deep excitement which had been with her ever since her first meeting with James was with her now. Only another night then it will be Saturday my day of destiny. I wonder what my Master has in mind for me. No doubt it will be exciting beyond belief, I really can’t wait. She let her mind wander as she lay quietly. Then it was time to perform her slave duties. She gave herself a larger enema than normal; 2 litres and was sexually turned on by the consequences, she felt full and moist at the same time. Then she began her meditation, kneeling quietly she focused on her mantra; at the end she was calm and prepared for the busy day ahead. She was to meet up with her Master for lunch; the last one before her permanent enslavement. To mark the occasion James had booked them into “The Ivy”

She arrived early wearing nothing but latex and her SBR. She was ushered to a table, her mackintosh taken by the waiter who retired to the cloakroom. She was pleased to expose her pencil skirt together with a matching ruff necked long full sleeved blouse in shiny black latex. An aperitif was offered. She accepted a gin and tonic then sat quietly awaiting her Master’s arrival. Her latex attire passed largely un-noticed by other diners. Then he was there beside her, she swooned as he came close. “Master, what have I done to deserve this honour? She queried in her own unique way; a slight teasing inflection in her voice, well known to her Master.

“S” you pleased me no end over the week end and as this is your very last meal with me as a legal equal I felt it appropriate to spoil you. But make no mistake I shall refrain from spoiling you in this way from tomorrow. You will be mine to do as I think fit with and I have a very busy schedule devised; your feet will hardly touch the floor”, and here he smiled as the obvious pun was made, “and there will be no time for anything other than training. So my lovely lady enjoy this whilst you are able!”

Selena responded, without hesitation looking longingly into her Masters eyes. “Oh endless hours of this empty time, let the alchemy of latex change the burden of leaden time passing to wingless flight to my nirvana. Release me from these endless time bonds so I may defy the temporal order and fly into my Masters strong arms.” Selena was surprised by her statement but felt proud of this spontaneous outpouring.

Looking into her eyes he replied, “The hours will pass soon enough. Now let’s enjoy this occasion.” With that, he ordered champagne. The conversation that followed was loving in the extreme, but also gave Selena information as to the final arrangements for her passage from lover to slave. Selena was to go to an address in west London to spend her last night as a bond free person. The couple were friends of James and knew of their plans, indeed they were to accompany “S” on the morrow as well as to act as witnesses. They had made a room ready for Selena. All she had to do was arrive at 5pm wearing only that which she stood up in.

By the end of the meal Selena was quite tight, she felt as one preparing for a life changing event. She was a willing acolyte ready for whatever befell. They parted knowing the significance of this final parting. There were tears in Selena’s eyes as she clung to James for the last time before the drastic change in her status. She was not sure if it was a result of regret or longing. Deep within her she knew the answer and her heart sang.

Arriving at exactly 5pm as instructed, the tightly belted mackintoshed figure of Selena mounted the imposing steps to the entrance of a large Victorian town house and rang the bell. The black door swung open and standing there was an apparition. Before her stood a female form completely shrouded in black latex, only the eyes were exposed and they were behind clear vinyl lens of the helmet; from where the mouth should be there was a tube with pump-up bulb dangling. A high ruffed necked dress covered the form from throat to ankles. Black rubber high heeled boots poked out from beneath the dress; long ruffed sleeves tapered to tight cuffs from which protruded black latex gloves. The waist of the form was un-naturally slim.

A white ruffed full length, Victorian style apron indicated that “she” was a serving maid. Her wrists were fettered; the silver chain dangled down beneath the silver tray she held out in front of her. In the centre was a folded note with the single letter “S” on it. Selena gasped aloud, for once lost for words, she was completely speechless. Then she gathered her senses and took the card. Unfolding it she read, 'slave “S” follow our serving maid to your room. There you are to be undressed; our maid will assist you, take a shower, dress in the items you find. The maid will then escort you to our room; you must be ready in exactly one hour. We look forward to meeting you'.

“S” heart skipped a beat; she was excited and anxious; excited at the prospect of being under the control of the unknown couple and anxious because this was a new departure for her. She followed the rustling latex swathed maid, as instructed as she made her slow progress along the entrance hall then began climbing the stairs. The clink of chains as the maid moved indicated that she was further fettered by restrains at the ankles; the heady aroma of latex emanating from the covered maid excited ‘S’. ‘Perhaps, one day I shall be dressed similarly and allowed to welcome my Masters guests to his pent-house.’ The maid stopped outside of a door. Taking a key from under her apron inserted it and unlocked the door. Opening it she stood back and bowed stiffly. “S” entered the room to discover it was a room in name only. There were no windows! A large cell would have been a better description, concealed down lights illuminated the crimson red walls and ceiling, black carpet covered the floor.

Had ‘S’ or the slave taken the time or had the detection equipment they would have discovered that concealed monitoring devises were recording every sound and action.

A latex sheeted double bed stood in the centre. Lying on the bed was what she was to wear. A door led off to the en-suite bathroom; numerous cupboards lined one entire wall of the cell. “S” turned and moved towards the maid looking closely at the maid servant. Only her eyes were visible. Dark brown eyes looked out from behind vinyl lens. On becoming aware of “S” gaze the maid lowered her eyes, acknowledging her inferiority and position. Then lifting her head, but avoiding any further eye contact, she moved towards “S” and began unbuckling her mackintosh. The wrist chains made what could have otherwise been a simple task, a lengthy one. Eventually “S” stood naked her piercings her only jewellery. Attempts to speak to the maid only resulted in the maid lifting her gloved hand up and placing a finger across her gagged mouth to indicate that she couldn’t speak and must remain silent for the duration.

“S” stepped from a refreshing shower having prepared herself for the dressing. She had shaved her mons afresh and was once again completely smooth and hairless.

The dressing helped by the silent maid took some time especially as she knew that she had to be tight and tidy without either a crease or wrinkle showing. The maid then began polishing her latex suit with ‘Eros’ polish. For ‘S’ this was a new experience and one which she enjoyed thoroughly; the touch of the polish cloth over her clinging suit felt so good and before long she was aware of growing sexual excitement. The gagged maid clearly understood the signs and entered into the experience. The two of them were progressively getting off on the process. The maid spent just that moment too long on sensuously massaging ‘S’ breast and between the top of her legs as well as ‘accidentally’ pushing her rubber enshrouded body against ‘S’. The result was electric as the two of them became increasingly sexually excited and was only broken by the time constrains imposed by the Hosts. It was clear that there was empathy between the acolyte and the house slave.

Now wearing a black latex catsuit with hood, gloves and feet attached, she was feeling deeply masochistic. The vaginal dildo and anal rod were deeply imbedded within her and held in place with a through strap pulled to its tightest. Open eye and mouth holes in her helmet allowed her to show off her lovely grey eyes and deep red lips. The eye shadow had set her eyes off to perfection. The heavy constricting corset, pulled into its limit had made her quite breathless but she was now accustomed to this condition. She wore 6-inch stiletto shoes with a silver padlock locking them at the ankle onto her. She checked herself in the full-length mirror. The maid had polished her to perfection. She was ready to meet her hosts.

At exactly 6.30 the hour was up. The two rubberised figures waited listening intently for an answer to their knock. The single word “Enter,” filtered through the thick door. The maid entered first, having opened the door; she stood stiffly to attention as “S” entered. Standing at the fire place, two latex clad figures moved forward one pace. “Come forward slave “S” and present yourself.”

“S” did as instructed and knelt in front of the couple, as befitted her position. Placing her head at the feet of her hosts, her hands clasped behind her back. “Master and Mistress I await your instructions?”

“Rise slave and let us have a look at you. We have heard a lot about you from your Master.”

Rising slowly “S” stood at attention with her hands behind her back, her head held high. The couple walked slowly around her as if inspecting a prize possession. “S” hoped all was in order and no fault would be found. After what seemed like hours to the waiting ‘S,’ a reply of, “Yes, everything tight and tidy; now join us for a drink before dinner,” was made. Turning and addressing their maid they instructed her to serve drinks. “S” was not given a choice. “Come, sit with us.” They moved towards a black leather suite. “This evening you will be our special guest” they added, “you know you are to sign your slave document tomorrow; but until then you will not be disciplined or treated as befits your position; you will of course, address us formally. Now please take a seat.”

“S” took a single chair and sat down. The Mistress spoke, “You may not remember but a week last Friday, we met you whilst you were in central London at the statue of Eros, you were waiting in the pouring rain for your Master; it was us who you spoke to. We knew you were going to be picked up. Your Master is an old friend of ours and wanted us to have a look at you. We meet again and no doubt will be seeing more of you once you have undergone your initial 24/7 slave initiation rites. From what your Master has said, and judging from the comments you made when we met, you will make a very good slave in due course.”

“Thank you Mistress,” “S” replied.

There was a knock at the door. The Master answered. “Enter.” The maid opened the door having to use both of her fettered hands, as the short chain did not allow independent use, then shuffled outside for a moment to pick up the drinks tray; she re-entered again concentrating on keeping the tray level and moved very carefully towards a small table inside the room. The tray was placed on it and their totally rubberized slave walked stiffly to the door and closed it, before returning to pick up the tray and move carefully towards the Master, Mistress and their guest. It was obvious to ‘S’ that they had made every physical action difficult and laborious rite for their slave. This was all part of the psychology of total dominance and their control of the will of their slave. Each task tested her to her limits. The maid stood silently awaiting for her owners and their guest to take the drinks. “S” noted the ritual; the slave was used constantly, and nothing was made easy for her.

The master turned to ‘S’ “You see, we have our own 24/7 slave whom we have had now for two years. She is, as you no doubt have noted, completely rubberised and always at our beck and call. We keep her gagged most of the time; today she has an inflatable, not a breathe-through; it’s only removed when she is being fed in her own cell or when she is not either being used or undergoing training. She is constantly reminded of her position not only by her rubberisation but by being fettered at all times. We are pleased with the way she is responding to our continuing strict training. Of course our expectations are always ahead of her best efforts, so she is constantly punished. We shall have to punish her for her over familiarity with you, our guest, within the last hour, once this occasion is over”. Turning to the slave he addressed her. “We enjoy that don’t we slave?” A mute nod of the helmeted head confirmed the question. Their chastened slave moved slowly out of the room.

Drinks were taken and they chatted for some time “S” had to give a short life history and how she had come to meet her Master; how she had come to love latex, how she realised her deep masochistic feelings and her journey towards this event and finally to her arrival as their guest.

Once this was completed the Master rang a small bell and their muted slave returned and escorted The Master, Mistress and ‘S’ to the dining room. Thus ‘S’ last evening meal as a free woman was taken. The meal was served by their slave who when all was in place, moved to one side and stood stiffly to attention, waiting to be of further service. She remained like this for the entire duration of the meal apart from serving the group as the meal progressed. Once finished they all returned to the sitting room and enjoyed coffee and cognac.

“Our slaves have prepared your bed. You will tonight relax and enjoy your last night of freedom”. Seeing “S’s “surprise at the mention of “slaves” The Mistress explained that they had two; the first a male, had been under training for 5 years, and was now highly trained. Continuing, she went on; “I’ve instructed our female slave to wake you at 5am so you can share the early morning ritual. You will dress in the same suit and accoutrements and present yourself to us after you have eaten your last breakfast as a free woman. We will speak again tomorrow. We have enjoyed this evening, now off to bed!”

Selena knelt in front of the Master and Mistress, bowed low and kissed their boots. Addressing their slave they called her over. “Show our guest to her room and help her get ready for bed, then return for further instructions!”

Selena now completely naked pulled the cool latex sheets over her head and stretched out feeling very much the new girl at the strict boarding school and very exposed. She was not enjoying the freedom of being naked. Lying quietly for some time and reflecting on all that had happened during her long day she was thankful that finally she was at the threshold of her new life. She whispered into the cell like room, “Come zephyr of sleep cradles my weary bones and let the vapours of this magical material carry me to Elysian Fields,” turned over and was in moments, fast asleep. Unbeknown to ‘S’ her every sound and movement was being monitored and recorded by the hidden surveillance equipment.
