---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My First Domme
authors:
- Happily Locked
tags:
- Solo-M
- F/m
- bond
- chast
- toys
- 'true'
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2007-10-03 00:00:00
---

The story is True. It happened to me at an apartment complex for single adults in the early 70's.

I had gotten off work late on Wednesday, and I was tired. I was in my mid-20's, very horny, with no girlfriend. I've always enjoyed wearing a butt plug, so I locked one in by putting a loop of chain around my waist, pulling it snug, then dropping it down in back. I put in a hollow dildo, threaded an eyebolt onto the chain, put it into the dildo, and locked the end of the chain to my balls.
Putting my clothes back on, I walked to the bar in the singles apartment where I lived, planning to have a drink or two and then go home for the night. While I was slowly sipping the second one, I was approached by a girl I knew slightly because I had seen her around, both in the bar and near the pool. She chatted briefly, then asked me why I had never asked her out. I managed to say something about being gone weekends, long work days... She interrupted to ask me to spend that night with her.
She said she found me attractive, and wanted to get to know me. I obviously could not go to her apartment in the condition I was in, but thought that if I went home, I could go to the bathroom, remove my toy, then have a memorable night. I tried to do that, but when we went in, she walked directly to the kitchen counter where I'd left my key, picked it up, and asked what it was for, as she dropped it into her bra.
She came over and began a long-lasting kiss, with her hands roaming all over my body. She discovered my waist chain and demanded that I explain. When I resisted, she very quickly removed all her clothes, announced that I now had no excuse not to do likewise.
She started to fondle me, no doubt wanting to tease me into disrobing, but when she found that my balls were pulled back under me by the lock, and extra objects in my pants, she simply ordered me to undress. I did.
She offered me a choice: Take her to dinner Friday, stay with her Friday night, and she would unlock me Saturday morning. Otherwise, she would tie my hands with her pantyhose, unlock me so she could ride me to an orgasm for herself. Faced with this choice, I told her of the cuffs I had, which would be more comfortable for me. Once my hands were cuffed to opposite ends of the headboard, she decided to cuff my ankles there as well. That's when she discovered the rest of my secret, but I was helpless.
She told me I would come to her apartment the next night, Thursday, or she would tell lots of people about what she had found. It was an interesting evening; she did NOT allow me to orgasm, but I was very close quite often, and had to give her oral sex while I cooled down. Before she released me from the cuffs, she re-installed the lock on my balls, telling me I could remove the plug after she left, and that she would remove the lock when I arrived tomorrow to take her out.
After she left, taking the key, I removed the plug, got the second key and removed the lock, then masturbated like crazy for hours. I took the unlocked lock with me to work, and stopped in a gas station on the way home to put it back on. I was glad I had done that, since she was waiting by my door for me to arrive, saying she couldn't wait for more sex.
We went in, I was tied down, she removed the lock and rode me until we both had huge orgasms. She then asked if I wanted to wear the dildo to dinner with her. I declined, and she re-installed the lock on my balls, saying she was really aroused by knowing I had 'her' lock on my balls.
Dinner, then an evening of more sex, ending when she put the lock back on me, saying if I had had no problems today, tomorrow would be no problem, either. I left, went home, and tried to remove the lock using the extra key.
It did not work! Close inspection showed the lock was not the one I'd had before, but was a new one just like it that she must have purchased somewhere earlier in the day. Oh my! I've got a lock on my balls I cannot remove!
What a mixture of emotions!
I'll continue with what happened Friday night in another story, later.
