---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Be Careful What You Wish For!
authors:
- Anne Woolsey
tags:
- F/f
- capture
- bond
- rope
- gag
- hood
- hogtie
- toys
- mast
- climax
- nc
- X
---

Part 1

I knew when I first saw her that I had to have her!

She was crossing Boylston Street, jaywalking actually, after leaving a Dunkin’ Donuts. She was tall, maybe 5 foot 9 inches or so, with dark hair cut short to frame a heart-shaped face. What caught my eye was the way she walked; she had a sexy strut and a presence that drew the eye to her. She seemed to be totally unaware of the effect she had on people; it wasn’t just me that was looking. She handled the on-coming traffic like an elite matador, totally unfazed by the danger, a large Styrofoam to-go cup in one hand a cell phone in the other.

She was wearing black tights with a long, black turtleneck sweater over a short black mini that barely reached the middle of her thighs. The sweater was almost as long as the skirt. Her thigh muscles flexed as she walked, indicating good muscle tone. A wide pattern leather belt held the sweater tightly at her waist and accentuated the swell of her hips, which swayed hypnotically as she hurried across the street. She wore knee high black boots with no heel. The boots seemed shaped to her legs and unlike most boots, this pair actually reached to her knees. I stared at her as she easily and illegally slipped through the traffic like a true Bostonian.

I must have been standing there in mid-stride on the sidewalk with my mouth hanging open or something because she gave me a strange look as she brushed by me. I turned to watch her progress down the street. She ducked into the door of a storefront half a block away. Recovering my senses, I turned and headed in that direction. As I passed the door to the office, I noticed it was a real estate office for business and commercial sales. I didn’t dare chance a look into the office for fear she would see me, but I did take note of the address and web address posted on the door.

It had been a while since I had kidnapped anyone. I had tried to stay on the straight and narrow and avoid all that. This woman, though, put me, no… shoved me right over the edge and back to my wicked ways. She was everything I looked for in a subject; athletic, attractive, the right age and oh so sexy!

A word about me! I am a thirty-something female bisexual bondage freak with a huge fetish for tying up women. I am independently wealthy and able to spend my time doing what I choose anywhere I want. What I choose to do is kidnap women who catch my interest, tie them up in interesting ways and photograph them and, of course, play with them a bit. I always let them go, physically undamaged, and I have never been caught at my peculiar hobby.

I was in Boston for business and had just finished it up. Normally I don’t play on a business trip; I like to plan and make my adventures as safe for me as possible and I had stopped traveling with bondage equipment in these TSA/war-on-terror days. Also, I had tired of my hobby recently and hadn’t indulged myself for several months.

This woman had suddenly and inexplicably re-energized me! I hurried back to my hotel room my head abuzz with plans for her. One thing was certain; I wanted her! Maybe it was because I had been away from it for a while or maybe this woman just pushed my buttons. The reason didn’t matter! I wanted her and I would have her! I would be back at the real estate office at closing time to begin my quest for this exquisite woman… and I never fail at getting who and what I want.

I called the number of the real estate agency from the hotel desk phone. I didn’t want that number on my cell, just in case. They had an answering system, the kind that says dial 1 for so and so, and I was able to discover that there were four people working there including the receptionist; two were men. That was good news. I could walk back by there later and see if the receptionist was my girl or not. If not, it had to be the other person and I now knew her name; it was Samantha Blake. I confirmed that by checking the web site and finding a picture of my new friend with a short, uninteresting blurb about her. The picture was a typical head shot and confirmed my observation that she was quite attractive!

Around 4 o’clock, I changed clothing, dressing down in jeans and a light jacket with my hair hidden under a ball cap, a Red Sox hat if you’re interested! I didn’t want her to recognize me by chance from this morning. I walked back to the office; my hotel was several blocks away. Stopping in front of the windows to tie my sneaker, I was able to see into the interior. The woman at the front desk was not Samantha, although she was also attractive! Maybe another time, sweetie! I walked away and then returned for another look. The same woman was still there, so I assumed that she was the receptionist and Samantha was in an office somewhere in the back.

It was near closing time, so I got a take-out coffee and took up a seat on a bench in a small park diagonally across the street from her office. It was a warmish evening in early Fall and I was dressed just right for the weather. I settled in with a newspaper as a prop and watched the storefront.

I wanted to see her come out and follow her home, if I could. At about 5:00, the four people in the office exited at the same time. My breath caught as I got another glimpse of Samantha. She was wonderful! She carried a small shoulder bag, but no coat. She had wrapped a wooly black and white scarf around her neck, which trailed over her shoulder. That she wore no coat gave me hope that maybe she lived nearby and walked to work.

The four said their goodbyes and separated. Samantha and one of the men started down the street in my direction, but on the opposite side of the street. I was disturbed by the possibility that they might be a couple. I hadn’t considered that! I ditched the coffee and newspaper and crossed the street, following them from about 25 feet back. I was elated to see the two part at the next intersection. Their parting was decidedly that of co-workers with each giving the other a little wave. Samantha continued along the street at a leisurely pace. I maintained my distance and followed her. The streets were busy with pedestrians and traffic; so as long as I kept behind her I knew I wouldn’t be discovered. I doubted very much whether she would recognize me after only the quick glance she had, but why take the chance?

Every once and awhile, the crowd of people in front of me would thin and I would see a full view of her. I studied that wonderful walk that had first caught my attention and stirred me right to my core. I felt myself getting aroused as I tracked her down the street. I ran different scenarios through my mind as to how I would bind and use her. She stopped at an intersection and put her hands behind her back as she waited for the traffic to allow her to pass. I almost fainted from desire at that sight; it was as if she was inviting me to tie her up!

We walked on for several blocks away from the main drag until she turned and entered a large apartment building. As I passed by, I saw her, out of the corner of my eye, at her mailbox. I waited several minutes and then returned and entered the empty vestibule.

She lived in an older building, eight stories high with an unlocked and unguarded front entrance. I was glad of that. It would be simple enough to gain entry into a building like that. A quick perusal of the apartment listings rewarded me with a listing for “S Blake” in Apartment 8C. I’m always amazed that women think that just putting an initial instead of their name protects them! It’s a dead give away!

The building had a buzzer system, which was perfect. It was surprising how many people would open the inside door of a building to a buzzer without asking who it was. To test my theory, I would push several doorbells and see what happened, but first I rang Samantha’s. Smart girl, Samantha, she spoke through the intercom. “Yes? Who is it?” It was the first time I had heard her voice and I was entranced. It was light and sweet with just a trace of a New England accent. I managed to stutter, “Louise? It’s me!” Samantha responded with a laugh, “No, sorry. No Louise here!” What a wonderful voice and laugh. I blurted out, “Oh, sorry! Wrong apartment!” I hoped she didn’t know everyone in the place, particularly any Louises.

I was a bit rusty at this and it exasperated me. I had never been that forward and spoken to a subject so soon in the pursuit. I knew I had to rein myself in; haste in these endeavors almost always leads to trouble!

Just because I was there, I tried several other buzzers. The third person I buzzed activated the inner door without checking who it was; I took note of the apartment number for future use. I left the building and headed back to the hotel, my heart aflutter and my mind busy with memory of her voice and the sweet torments I would visit upon Samantha.

Earlier in the afternoon, I had asked the concierge at the hotel to direct me to a store that might sell hardware and sports supplies. He recommended several nearby stores and hailed a taxi for me that dropped me near the stores. I asked the driver to wait and went in search of the things I needed. I had decided that Samantha had to be tied with rope. Nothing else would do. In a small neighborhood hardware store, I was able to find some ¼-inch all-cotton rope that was usually unobtainable in the Home Depot-ized country we had become. I bought two hundred feet. I also found and purchased a roll of heavy black duct tape, five rolls of narrower electricians tape and several long cable ties. In an adjacent sporting goods store, I found a knit balaclava that had holes for the eyes, nose and mouth and several rolls of wide white athletic tape and some ace bandages and bought them. I paid for all my purchases with cash and returned to the hotel. The whole excursion took an hour from door to door, but I was supplied and ready for Samantha. I spent the next several hours preparing the materials.

I cut the rope into varying lengths to fit the different parts of Samantha’s body that would be encircled with it and wrapped it into individual coils. I laid out the clothes that I would wear, sweats and running shoes… no underwear. There was no need to dress up for this and I planned to get naked very quickly! I would wear a black sleep mask that I had made eyeholes in to hide some of my facial features, but the option of blindfolding her was also available. I packed a pair of thin, black leather gloves to wear when I was in the apartment; no sense in leaving prints around. All of my equipment would go into a large over-the-shoulder bag. After all the preparations were finally done, I left the suite to reconnoiter Samantha.

When I returned from my scouting mission, I ate a light room service meal and tried to sleep, but just couldn’t do it. I didn’t want to take medication so I masturbated to the images of the bound and gagged Samantha that had been playing over and over again in my mind, but even after a superb orgasm, I barely slept that night, so excited was I about Samantha. I was having trouble waiting for the next day to begin!

The day dawned cooler than the day before and cloudy with rain threatening. I decided to wear a knee-length lightweight raincoat as protection against the weather.

I wanted to be outside Samantha’s apartment when she went to work. I knew approximately when she would leave from the hours posted on the office door and the direction she would travel in to get to her office. I was up early, too wired to eat, and paced the suite until it was time to go. I arrived at my vantage point about 10 minutes before I figured she should appear. I walked back and forth and crossed the street and tried to make myself invisible.

I was on my second trip by the apartment when the outer door opened and she stepped out. I was 20 feet away from her and headed towards her when she turned to head to work. She was wearing light gray marled cotton tights and a darker gray knit skirt that fell to just above the top of her knees. A gray turtle-necked sweater of the same color as the skirt peeked out above the collar of her black wool waist length pea coat and she wore a black wooly beret. On her feet were black, low-heeled ankle boots. She had a shoulder bag and her umbrella. As we passed, I locked onto her eyes. She stared at me for a second then favored me with a shy smile. This was as close as I had been to her and I was surprised to see that she was older than I thought: maybe thirty. She had large, beautiful violet eyes with lush lashes, accented by just a touch of shadow. Her lips were full and colored with a dark red shade of lip-gloss. I wondered as I stared at her what those lips would look like with my ball gag between them. She wore tiny diamond stud earrings that peeked out from beneath her bob cut and shiny black hair. The cut extended to her chin and framed her heart-shaped face perfectly. A thick fringe of bangs covered her forehead.

I practically melted at the closeness of her. The need to capture her was almost a physical force that took my breath away. I pivoted as she passed and was again rewarded by a shy glimpse back at me over her shoulder. We continued on our separate ways: her to work, me to the coffee shop across from her apartment. I wanted to make sure she did not return to her home before I went in. I wanted to surprise her, not the other way around.

After about an hour, I was as certain as I could be that she wasn’t coming back. I crossed to the apartment and pushed the door button for the same person that buzzed the door open yesterday. To my relief, he or she did it again! I took the stairs to Smanatha’s apartment to avoid running into someone on the elevator.

Her hallway was quiet. I listened at every door on the way to her apartment and heard no noises in any of them. At her door, I was able to slip the door lock and pick the dead bolt inside of thirty seconds. I had learned that useful art from a detective friend and it had come in handy many times. The door opened into a small foyer. Once inside I took a quick look around. It was a pleasant set of rooms on the corner of the building. Light flooded the living area from two sides. There was a kitchenette and bath and a bedroom off a short hallway. The apartment was decorated in a vaguely modern-Ikea style with simple lamps and furniture.

I was shaking with the buzz of adrenaline and desire. I wasn’t sure I could keep my sanity until she arrived home. I knew I had work to do to get ready. In the back of my mind, I knew that I was moving too fast, so I forced myself to slow down and be methodical.

I looked for evidence of a man; shaving gear in the bath, clothes in the closet, etc. and was pleased to find none. I could handle any woman, but a man would change the balance of power! I didn’t see any sign of another woman either. She had a ton of clothes and shoes, but what woman doesn’t? There were several toothbrushes and different brands of girl stuff, but I didn’t get the vibe that there was another gal living here. I was fairly certain that Samantha probably lived alone and had no serious man friend or woman friend that visited often.

Again, a nagging doubt engulfed me! I needed to be certain, so I double-checked everything and then checked it again.

I went through the drawers of her dresser and through her closet and found the usual stuff, nothing provocative or even that interesting!

I retrieved my bag and removed my cameras and folding tripod. I set the tripod up to the side and kept one of the cameras nearby on a side table. I laid out the precut coils of rope and cable ties on the cushions of the sofa next to where I intended to tie her up. I also tore off some strips of duct tape and attached one end of each strip loosely to the front edge of a sofa cushion. When I needed them I could grab and apply them rather than struggle with ripping them from the roll. As I made my preparations, I could feel the confidence build in me. I was back and rounding into shape; this would go well!

The layout of the foyer was just perfect. I could stand unseen behind the door when she came in. It would be a simple matter to overpower her. I had sometimes used chloroform for that purpose, but I was very aware of the dangers of chloroform and had gotten away from it. Over the years, I had taken several self-defense and martial arts courses acquiring black belts in several martial arts along the way and an understanding of the pressure points in a person’s body that would render them immobile. I would initially subdue my new friend with a judicious application of pressure.

With all the preparation done, there was nothing left to do but wait. It was two o’clock. She would leave work in three hours and be home 10 minutes after that. I stretched out on the sofa and tried to relax. The possible scenarios for binding Samantha still swirled through my head. My throat was dry and my palms wet. I had never been this affected by one of my projects before. I needed to calm down and keep my wits about me. My stomach growled and I realized I hadn’t eaten yet. I foraged through her refrigerator and managed to get some food into me.

The afternoon passed slowly. I continued to periodically prowl her apartment rechecking every drawer and nook and cranny. I still found nothing of interest except that everything about her interested me!

Finally, it was quitting time and then some. She should be home shortly; at least I hoped she would be. If she stopped for a drink or something, I would have to re-assess my plan. I moved to the foyer and slipped on my gloves. Leaning against the wall, I willed myself to a calm place. I focused on a spot on the wall, cleared my mind of everything and gradually achieved a state of calmness and readiness. The scrape of a key in the lock jerked me from my self-induced hypnosis. My nervousness was gone and I became focused on the task at hand. The second lock was opened and the door swung in.

Samantha was facing away from me and nudged the door shut with her hip. I moved as the door shut. I wrapped my arm around her waist and held her tightly and caught her neck in the crook of my arm, wedging her head up and her jaw shut. She dropped the shoulder bag and umbrella she was carrying. She was strong and struggled hard to get away. I held on, found the place on her neck that I wanted and she suddenly stopped struggling and sagged against me. I lowered her gently to the floor and knelt beside her.

I had her!

I stared at her, taken by her beauty and the indisputable fact that she was now my captive. All the thoughts and schemes of the past few days would now become reality. I put my arms under her shoulders and knees and lifted her from the floor. She was surprisingly light or probably it was just adrenaline, but I easily whisked up and into the living room. I was aroused at the feel of her in my arms. I carried her to a chair in the corner of the room and placed her gently on the cushion. She slumped against the back of the chair. I checked her breathing. It was coming regularly as if she were asleep. She would awaken shortly, so I had to work quickly to bind her.

I removed her coat and then her boots and started with her ankles. She was actually wearing a one-piece sweater dress that nipped in at her waist, which was wrapped by a narrow beaded belt. I removed the belt and tossed it aside. The sweater dress looked so good on her that I decided to leave it on for the moment; she would be naked and open to me soon enough! I made several turns around her ankles and then cinched the loops between her ankles. I ran my hands along her calves thrilling at the feel of her flesh under the texture of the tights. As always happened when I was binding someone for the first time, my hands shook and my heart beat wildly. There was no feeling like it that I had ever experienced. I was in complete physical control of another person. The feeling of power I got from being in that position never failed to arouse me.

I moved up to her knees and bound them in the same fashion. The rope bit into the softer flesh of her thighs. I ran my hands along the outside of her thighs well up under her dress. She felt wonderfully fit and firm. There would be plenty of time for that. Now I needed to secure her before she regained consciousness.

I wasn’t going to gag her until she regained consciousness and than I would use some of her scarves to pack her mouth and secure the packing, but after seeing the thickness of the fold of the turtleneck of her sweater, I went another way. I pulled the sweater neck up until it covered her mouth. I reached for the balaclava as I held the sweater in place. Alternately pulling the knitted hood down and holding the sweater neck up and tucking it under the hood, I was able to pull the hood in place. A few quick adjustments and the holes aligned with her mouth, nose and eyes. The sweater neck covered her mouth from behind the hood.

I grabbed one of the longer lengths of unrolled duct tape and wound it several turns around her neck. I didn’t want that tape too tight so that she would choke, but I wanted the looseness taken out of the hood. The sweater and hood would muffle any noise she might make as she awoke until I could properly gag her. Finally I wound several turns of tape around her head at eye level, creating a tape blindfold. I briefly thought of wrapping her entire head in tape, but decided that it was better to secure her arms now. Maybe I would do that later.

I checked again on her breathing and then began to tie her arms.

She was still out and could not stay in an upright position on her own. I turned her in the chair so that she leaned on one shoulder against the backrest; her arms were accessible from the side of the chair. Knowing that time was passing and that she would be waking soon, I quickly bound her wrists palm to palm using loops and a cinch.

I love to bind a woman’s elbows together. It makes them look so captured! I was pleased to find that Samantha was flexible enough to allow me to pull her elbows together. Several wraps around the elbows followed by a quick cinch secured them. I ran the remaining length of her elbow rope under one arm, behind her neck and under the other arm. I wrapped the rope around the cinch and brought the end of that rope up to and through the rope behind her neck. When I pulled it all tight and cinched it off between her elbows, Samantha would be totally unable to free her arms.

I like to accentuate a woman’s breasts by tying rope over and under and between them. Samantha had small, but shapely breasts that felt wonderful through the fabric of her sweater and bra. I applied the ropes and tied them off behind her back.

I stood up and backed away to get a full view of my captive. The white rope contrasted beautifully with her gray tights and dress. The hood gave her a look of abject submissiveness. The ropes were tight and accentuated her breasts and narrow waist. She was gorgeous and I was getting very aroused at the sight of her bound body.

I knelt in front of my lovely captive and took her feet in my hands, thrilling at the feel of them through the tights. I ran my hands over the cords on her ankles, up her calves to her knees and back down again. I almost swooned at the feel of the ropes pinning her shapely legs together!

I picked up one of my cameras and shot pictures from all angles. The photos were important to me for memory purposes and because I had a thriving side business of selling the photos and videos of my playthings to discerning clients around the world.

As I was photographing her, she began to stir. Samantha was waking up! Now the real fun would begin! For me, anyway!

I watched Samantha slowly regain consciousness, eager to begin to torment her, but mesmerized by the sheer beauty of her bound body!

I stood close to her as she began to murmur and stir, ready to clamp a hand over her mouth if she screamed. She coughed several times and was trying to move her limbs perhaps confused as to why they weren’t responding. I love the part when the toy begins to understand what has happened!

Suddenly, Samantha began to struggle against her bonds. She thrashed her legs side to side and twisted her torso trying to free her arms. She also began to scream for her release. I didn’t know how thick the walls were in this old building and I didn’t know who might be home, so I couldn’t allow her to make a lot of noise, even though the pleadings of my captives were an aphrodisiac to me. I clamped my hand over her mouth. At my touch she froze for an instant and then redoubled her efforts to get free. I kept her mouth covered as best I could and wrestled her out of the chair and onto the floor. She continued to thrash. We ended up with me sitting on her chest, straddling her, with my hand pushing down hard on her head. I leaned over and spoke against her ear.

“Samantha? Stop it!” She stopped her struggling for a moment at the sound of my voice. But only for a moment!

She tried to buck me off and I could hear and feel her shouting under my hand. I didn’t want to do this, but I had to get her attention. With my free hand I grasped her nose and squeezed it shut. At the same time, I clamped my hand over her mouth. I told her to stop struggling or I would suffocate her. I would never do it, but she didn’t know that and it had the desired effect of focusing her on the helplessness of her situation. Her struggling ceased. I had to gag her now or risk having someone hear any commotion she might make. I grabbed the strips of duct tape I had set aside. I pinched Samantha’s cheeks to open her mouth and stretched her jaw wider by pulling a short piece of the tape tightly across her mouth; another strip followed. The tape covered the mouth hole and forced the fabric back into her mouth. I got off her and lifted her to a sitting position, and from behind her, pasted several pieces of the tape over her mouth and then made several tight passes with the rolled tape around her head. When I was done the tape held her mouth wide open while the fabric of the sweater and the hood silenced her.

“That’s better, Samantha! Will you listen now without trying to get away?” I saw and felt a slight nod of her head.

“That’s good. I mean you no harm and I will treat you well as long as you cooperate. Do you understand?” Another slight nod! “Very good, Samantha!”

I released my hold on her and she immediately started squirming violently falling to her side and rolling away from me, crashing into an end table and toppling a lamp. This was proving harder than I expected, but it was exciting to me to have to fight the toy into submission. Samantha was proving to be a formidable adversary!

Samantha continued her struggling. I grabbed for her kicking feet, raising them off the floor. She twisted about as I hooked my fingers around the cinch ropes at ankles. I snatched some rope off the couch to use to further secure her once I got her where I wanted her and began to drag her by her ankles along the floor. She protested loudly and continued to twist about wildly. We made it to the bedroom; I dropped her legs and grabbed her knee and elbow ropes, lifted her and tossed her face first onto the bed. I guessed she was about 130 pounds, but again the adrenaline was driving me and I was thankful for the time I’d invested in strength and weight training!

Before she stopped bouncing, I grabbed her legs. I took one of the short lengths of cord and looped it through her ankle ropes. I lifted her legs causing her knees to bend and pushed her heels toward her butt. I held them there by leaning on them and slipped the loose end of the rope under the rope that passed behind her neck. I removed the slack by lifting her thighs up off the bed and continued pulling on the cord until she was arched with heels pulled above and well past her bound hands. Tying off the rope, I sat back to catch my breath.

Poor Samantha wasn’t enjoying her new position. She was moaning and trying to twist herself free but her movement was severely limited. “That is a hogtie, Samantha. How do you like it?” I believe she cursed at me, but I couldn’t be sure.

Staring at her thoughtfully for a second or two, I decided that she really needed to feel complete, tight bondage. Taking another piece of rope, I again looped her ankle cinches and ran the rope over her mouth tape and back to her ankles. I lifted her head and pulled the rope tight. Now her chin was pulled up off the bed and the tape sweater and hood were pulled further into her mouth. I let her pull against it for a minute and then tightened it again, removing all slack. Samantha grunted and struggled to no avail. I looked her over again. That would do for now!

I got the camera from the other room and began photographing her from all angles. I took close ups of her sweet tight-encased feet and her tightly tied elbows, and everything. I also shot some digital video, reveling as she cooperated with some spirited, but useless struggling.

She was the most desirable looking bound woman I had ever seen or tied. I thanked my stars for chancing upon her in the street!

I rolled her onto her side for more photos and she did not protest. I took several more shots from different angles and set the camera aside. I wanted her to steep in her helplessness for a while so I decided to leave her in this stringent hogtie.

I was all keyed up and anxious to play with my new friend. I needed to calm down and get control of myself so that I could enjoy it. Taking a few minutes away from her was a good way to get centered again although given the way she was tied, I couldn’t be away long. I went into the kitchen and got a soft drink and poked through some bills on the counter that I had missed on my first pass through the kitchen. Nothing extraordinary there! As I snooped, I kept one ear on any sounds coming from the bedroom and glanced in there every few minutes.

When I returned, I found that she hadn’t shifted much and she was breathing easily and moving, almost sensuously, against her ropes. She would flex her toes or roll her ankles or pull her wrists against the tension of the rope and I swear that she was almost purring!

As I went to begin to change her bondage, the toe of my foot hit something hard under the bed. I hadn’t remembered seeing anything under there and then I remembered that I hadn’t looked. I cursed myself for being sloppy in my searching of her apartment and knelt to see what I had kicked.

It was a plastic box; one of those low long and wide things, with a removal lid. I pulled off the top and was stunned. The first things I saw were several pairs of handcuffs! I rummaged around a bit and found leather straps, gags, many coils of rope, vibrators, butt plugs, a blindfold, and, down at the bottom, several photographs.

The photos were of women I didn’t recognize bound and gagged in various positions. One photo caught my eye. It was a naked woman spread-eagled on a bed and as I looked at it more closely it became obvious that the woman was lying on this very bed!

What was this about? Was my Samantha a bondage freak?

Samantha was oblivious to my discovery, but she would soon find out what I knew or thought I knew.

I pushed the box aside and got up from the floor. Samantha started at the movement of the bed as I knelt on it to begin to untie some of her ropes. It took several minutes for me to remove the bindings I had added after I put her on the bed. Soon she was tied as she was when I originally bound her. As I was removing the ropes, Samantha lay still and quiet on her stomach. A sigh escaped her as she was finally able to stretch out her legs from the cramped hogtied position

I wanted to talk to her about what I had found and from there I would decide what to do with her. I let her settle down a bit and since I wanted her sitting up when we talked, I moved her around until I could get her feet back onto the floor at the side of the bed. She was still hooded and blindfolded and she looked so very submissive and docile… and adorable.

“Samantha? Do you feel OK? No tingling or numbness anywhere?” She shook her head.

“I’m going to take your gag off. Are you going to keep quiet?” She favored me with a nod of her head this time

I unwound the tape from her mouth and from around her neck and tossed it aside. I slid the hood up and pulled her sweater down; both were soggy from her saliva. The tape over her eyes stayed in place and I folded the hood up to it to keep her nose clear.

“Well, Samantha, I guess I owe you some explanation. This is my hobby! Tying up woman like you! I saw you on the street and knew you would take wonderfully to being bound and gagged, so I followed you, broke in and here we are!” I knew that all sounded so lame, even to me, but I was out of practice.

She was silent for several seconds. “But why me?” Her voice was a little hoarse, but it was music to my ears!

“Because you caught my attention! The way you dress, how you carry yourself, your whole persona just screamed ‘tie me up’ to me!”

“But I don’t want to be tied up! Please… please, let me go! I won’t report you or cause any trouble. I just want to be freed!”

I studied her several seconds before replying. It was time to let the cat out of the bag or in this case, the box. “I found your box, Samantha. The one under your bed?”

Samantha sucked in a breath. What was visible of her face flushed red with embarrassment! She did not immediately reply. I waited expectantly for her response.

“I can explain…” she started. “What I mean is…! I…! Oh, damn! Those are not my things! No! No, I’m holding them for a friend! I never really looked into the box. I’m not even sure what’s in it!” She stopped talking then as if she couldn’t think of another lie to tell.

“Then how do you explain the pictures of those bound women, including one on this bed?”

She hung her head. It was such a submissive pose that I wanted to take her in my arms and tell her not to worry.

“I am going to tie you up anyway. What I want to know is if you have done this a lot or a little. That will help me decide how to tie you.”

She spoke with her head still angled downward. “I don’t do it at all! Why don’t you believe me? That picture… I let my friend stay here and she took it… all that stuff belongs to someone else.” She paused a moment, apparently deciding whether the truth would help or hurt her. She went on. “Well… OK… I tie myself up sometimes! I… I don’t do it much. Just once in awhile!”

“I am looking at the things in the box. They looked pretty well used. Are you sure you’re telling me the truth?”

“Yes! Yes! I’m telling the truth. It’s not my stuff! And I don’t use it much! Really! Please let me go! I’m telling the truth!”

I knew she was lying. The things in the box had been much used. The cuffs were well oiled and opened easily. The rope was soft and pliable as if it had been washed. The gags had worn spots on them; the holes in the straps were stretched.

I decided that Samantha needed another lesson. This one was about lying to me.

I pulled her forward and up by her chest ropes until she was standing next to the bed, I sat down on the edge of the bed and maneuvered her onto my knees. I pushed her skirt up and pulled her tights down, exposing her sweet butt. She had fleshy firm cheeks that… well, I’m an ass girl and this one was world-class! I rubbed her cheeks, tracing a circuitous route over them with my fingertips, and then swatted them, first one then the other. The sound of my hand hitting the firm globes of her butt was intoxicating. I slapped and then rubbed each cheek several times. Samantha had cried out at the first few spanks, but had been silent from then on, making a soft, almost purring sound, which I found encouraging. I stopped after maybe a dozen swats per cheek and rolled her off my legs and onto her back on the bed.

Taking a chance, I bent over her and pressed my lips against hers. My tongue probed the slight opening of her mouth and then slid in as she opened it a bit more. She tasted so sweet. She opened her mouth and slid her tongue out to meet mine. I became lost in our kiss. This was shaping up to be much more and better than I had imagined!

I pulled away, satisfied that we were on the right track, and snatched up one of the ball gags from her box of toys. I forced her very own ball gag between her lips, strapping it tightly in place. She moaned in despair as I pulled the hood back down and taped in snugly around her neck. This time I didn’t pull up her sweater neck. It was stretched and soggy and pretty icky.

My heart was pounding with desire. I was so glad that Samantha had responded to the kiss. I hoped the rest of our time together would be as wonderful as that kiss.

But first, I began to prepare Samantha for her next bondage.

She was turning out to be a good little captive with equal amounts of spirit and submissiveness. I hate it when a captive acts totally passively no matter what I do to her. Sometimes they finally respond, but not always stop. I usually walk away from that type of toy. Samantha would be fine. She had some knowledge and interest in this before I got her (how much interest she hadn’t yet truly revealed) and she was a struggler and fighter. She was a good find!

I wanted to reward her. To do so, I had to retie her. She was still hooded, gagged and blindfolded so I wasn’t worried about her escaping when I untied her. Also, she had been bound with her elbows touching for almost an hour. She was quite flexible, but everyone has a limit. I didn’t want to break my new toy before I really had a chance to play with it!

She moaned in relief when I released her arms and hands. Her ankles and knees remained tied. Without me telling her, she struggled to a sitting position on the bed and flexed and rubbed her hands and arms. She seemed quite happy to sit there and as I collected some rope for her next tie, she pulled her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around her knees. I watched as she ran her hands over the tight ropes on her knees and ankles. I would love to know what was going through her mind, but at this point, I didn’t think she would be open enough with me to tell me. All in good time! I had found that toys that had even the slightest interest in bondage would open up and fall hard for it after I had put them through some training. I knew Samantha would act in the same way.

“Alright, Samantha, first pull that dress off and then I am going to tie your arms in a different way.” She did so immediately, tugging it over her hooded head, and I felt a charge of arousal at her willingness to comply. Without be asking she also shed her bra. She had lovely breasts; they were small, pear-shaped and perfectly formed with small pale areolas and right now, very hard nipples! I wanted to touch them and kiss those nipples, but I would wait… reluctantly!

“Please put your hands behind your back.”

I arranged her arms so that they were parallel to each other and tied each wrist to the adjacent forearm. She cupped each elbow with her hands as I finished the tie. I ran a cord from the middle of her arms up under her armpits behind her neck and back down. I connected her arms to the rope at the back of her neck and pulled it all tight. I wrapped several loops above and below her breasts and tied them off with cinches.

Once her arms were retied, I untied her legs. I told her, “I’m going to take off your tights!”

She raised her butt as I slid the hose and panties over her thighs. Completely naked, she was delightfully sexy with creamy flawless skin and long killer legs! The deep red marks of the rope just made the view more sexy to me!

I laid her on her back and bent her knees, binding each ankle to the thigh. I was so tempted to slide my hand between her legs, but I felt she wasn’t ready for that. Yet! But what I was about to do to her would move her a long way in that direction.

I then set about securing her to the bed. I slipped rope under and around her breast loops on either side of her body and tied the ends off to the headboard posts. Then I pulled her legs apart with ropes from her knees to the side rails of the bed. Finally I ran lines from where she was bound ankle to thigh to the foot board posts. These lines I pulled on hard so that she slid toward the footboard, which tightened up the other ropes to the headboard and sides of the bed. When I was done, she was securely anchored to the bed, on her back, with her legs spread. Perfect!

She murmured and squirmed a bit. I took some time and pulled and tied the various links to the bed together, connecting them kind of like a spider web, to remove all chance of slippage or movement

I picked the vibrator out of the box and turned it on. It fired up and buzzed away strongly. This was another clue that worked against Samantha’s flimsy denials; it obviously had fresh batteries in it! Samantha stirred at the sound of the buzzing and shifted on the bed.

Some sounds escaped her packed mouth, but I couldn’t tell if they were moans or curses.

Samantha was perfectly positioned for some attention from the vibrator. She was totally shaved and had lovely soft vulva lips of a kind that I just loved.

It is never too early to teach a toy the rewards of being a bound slave.

I nestled the head of the vibrator snugly against her pussy and turned it on. She jumped at the first touch of it and tried to move out of its reach, but of course, that wasn’t possible. I moved the head around searching for the best reaction from her and found the certain angle and pressure that caused her to jerk and shudder and make little sighing sounds. I moved it around a little, but always came back to that place and she always reacted to it. I rubbed her naked butt with my free hand and reached around to play with her breasts, all the while touching her with the vibrator. She began to push back against the pressure and to wiggle her hips. I left it in the hot spot, and inserted two fingers into her vagina and she lit up. She moaned and twitched as I finger fucked and vibrated her. She was breathing heavily, panting really, and making the cutest noises as I continued my assault on her sex. She was totally into it and humping back wildly at me, moaning loudly and continuously right up until she came. Then she froze and clammed up, so to speak, and just hovered there until the wave of passion broke and she screamed her way through it. It was a most impressive orgasm and it had its effect on me.

I had shed my sweats when I returned from the kitchen. As she shuddered through the aftershocks, I turned the vibrator, still wet from her, on me and quickly succumbed to its seductive rhythms with a lovely orgasm of my own.

I didn’t hear the hall door open or the soft footfalls on the carpet!

I didn’t sense someone entering the room until the arm flashed by my face.

I just had time to think Oh,oh! as the very same choke hold I used on Sam was applied to me and my world went dark!



31.07.11

story continues in [**Be Careful What You Wish For 2**](becarefulwhatyouwishfor2.html)

o0o
