---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tina's Trash
authors:
- Restricted
tags:
- M+-f
- bond
- wrap
- packed
- trashed
- dumped
- nc
- XX
date: 2006-05-10 00:00:00
---

Tina always tipped her dustman if she had
anything big to take away. They were always willing to oblige for a few
pounds. In fact last week, Tina had started to decorate her front room. She
had pulled up the 20 foot by 13 foot carpet. She had struggled with it
and had eventually got it rolled up and taped. The dustmen took it
without any problem.

She had stripped the walls and had lots of bags full of torn
wallpaper. As she filled them, she had put them in her front garden to await
collection. But she only had the one bag of rubbish as she lived on her
own.

The day before the rubbish was to be collected, she had the
new carpet delivered. The men who delivered it put it in her front room for
her. She had arranged for it to be fitted the next day. The carpet fitter was
coming around at 3 in the afternoon. That gave Tina plenty of time to get
the rubbish out and clear the room for the carpet fitter.

She took the rubbish sack out of the bin in her kitchen
and tied it up tightly. She put a fresh bag in it's place and put the
full bag out into the front garden. The next day she would get up and put
everything in the road outside her house. She had told the dustmen there would
be quite a few bags extra that week.

It was a hot summers night that night and Tina went to bed
wearing her favourite baby doll nightie. Her ex-boyfriend used to love it. She
left the upstairs window open. She slept in the back room as it was quieter.

Tina was woken by a noise from downstairs. She thought that
she must be hearing things. She thought it was just her imagination. Any noise would be
amplified by the lack of a carpet on the floor. But then she heard it again.
Tina quietly got up and crept to the bedroom door. She opened it a bit and
heard more noises downstairs. She crept to the top of the stairs. She had to
be careful as one of the floorboards creaked. But she got past this one.

She eased her way downstairs by stepping only at the sides
of the stairs.  But as she got to the bottom she was seen. There was
a man. He was wearing a balaclava helmet that only showed his eyes. He called
out and two other men dressed the same ran out to join him.

Tina went to scream, but she was grabbed and one of them put
his hands over her mouth. She struggled, but they were too strong for her. One
of the men asked what they were going to do with her. A roll of carpet tape
was found that the carpet men had conveniently left for the fitter was
produced. Her hands were held behind her by the third man and the tape was
wound round and round her hands about six times and then it was taken between
her hands and pressed tight so it held her hands firmly. The man doing
the taping, got down and wrapped the tape around her ankles, fastening them
together. This was wrapped around six times as well. Then he got up and
wound the tape around her head six times, efficiently enough to make an
excellent gag.

Tina stood there while he wrapped some of the tape around
her legs. One lot above her kneecaps and one lot below them. Both times tape
was wrapped six times.

Tina now stood there in the kitchen in a baby doll nightie
with her hands taped behind her head and her legs and feet taped
together. She was not going anywhere.

The three men looked at each other and one suggested it
might be fun if they took her with them.  One man said that would be
kidnap. The first agreed, "but we could leave her miles away tied to
a tree. When daylight came she would give everyone a nice vision to look at.
And she would have to get home!" he said. The three men thought about it.

One left the house. He was not gone long when he came
back in. He had checked where they parked their large van. They had left it
around the corner so that if any police got nosey, they would not find them.
He also brought five large rolls of duct tape with him.

They picked Tina up and carried her into the front room. It
had been cleared of all the furniture so it would be the perfect place to leave
Tina while they emptied the rest of the house. Then they could come back for
her. Tina's eyes opened wide. She struggled, but they were too strong and
simply walked with her into the front room.

"I have an idea", said the leader of the gang.  He
told the other two to put Tina down. She lay on the floor watching them. The
leader went to the carpet and pulled off the carpet tape that held it in a
tight roll. Another man helped him to lift the carpet into the right position.
The third man picked Tina up under her arms and pulled her back to the wall.
He put her down again and went to help the other two.

They dragged the carpet into the middle of the room with the
width being longwise to the room. They unrolled the carpet until they managed
to reach the side of the room. Then they rolled the carpet back until it
reached the other wall. Tina wondered what they were up to.

She did not have to wait long to find out. They came over
and picked her up. They carried her to the carpet and laid her about two feet
from the edge, by the wall. As Tina was only 5 foot 6 inches, she had about 18
inches of carpet over her head and 18 inches below her feet.

The men left her there and grabbed the edge of the
carpet. Two of the men lifted the carpet by the corners and the third man
went behind one of them and stood between the wall and the now lifted carpet.
They pushed it over Tina and started to roll it. Tina realised she was going
to be in the middle of the roll.

Over and over Tina went. They eventually reached the
carpet still rolled up on the other side of the room. They pulled
the whole thing back to the point where they had started to roll the
carpet up around Tina. They still had 7 feet of carpet to roll up. But it
did not take them long. Tina was soon surrounded by 20 feet of brand new
carpet.

One of the men took a look around the house. He came back
with two plastic buckets. The other two men wondered what he was up to. But he
got down on the floor and put the bottom of the bucket in the hole of the
carpet roll. The men saw what he was up to. They helped to push it into the
carpet roll centre. Tina still didn't quite reach the end of the carpet.

The man took the tape and taped it to the bottom of the
carpet. He lifted the carpet up and taped the other end down so it stopped the
bucket from coming out. He left 18 inches of tape fastened to the carpet on
each side. He repeated this so that eventually the tape looked like a spoked
wheel. Then he got the others to lift the carpet and he wrapped the tape
around the tapes holding the bucket six times. Tina felt her legs being lifted
while they taped the bucket in the carpet. The bucket could not be pushed out
by Tina.

Now he looked at the other bucket. He turned it up side down
and thought that Tina would need to breathe and so took it out to the kitchen
where he heated a knife until it was red hot on her gas cooker and burned
holes into the bottom of the bucket. The air smelt of burning plastic. When he
had burned twelve inch diameter holes in the bucket, he was satisfied. He
opened the rear door to let the smell out of the house.

He took the bucket back into the front room and got the
other to lift the carpet while he secured the bucket, with the top at the
end so the bottom of the bucket was nearest to Tina.

Tina saw the bottom of the plastic bucket coming towards
her. Now the man put tape all across the bucket going from one side of the
carpet to the other, but he did not put so much on this time. He soon wound
the tape around the carpet six times securing the tape holding the bucket that
end.

Tina was now bound, gagged and imprisoned in a carpet. She
thought of the film "The Carpetbaggers" and laughed silently to
herself.

The men decided that it would be best if they put the carpet
in the front garden for now while they got the van they were using from around
the corner. They shifted all the bags of wallpaper and the bag of rubbish from
the front garden. But one of the men thought it would be better if some
rubbish sacks were wrapped around the carpet. The men with him agreed and the
sacks split at the bottom and slid over the carpet. They taped them together
as much as they could. The bags were taped all around the
carpet. Two sacks were put over the ends. But they spit the bag open at the
bottom and pushed it into the top of the bucket. They taped the bag to the
insides of the bucket so the air holes would not get blocked. All that was
showing now was about a foot of carpet in the middle.

Tina felt them lift her up and with difficulty got her out
into the front garden. They lay her down in the carpet and put all the other
sacks back in front of it so the carpet could not be seen from the pavement.
Now they got their van and stripped Tina's house. They were just about to go
back for Tina when a police car wandered down the road. The men shut the van
doors, jumped into the van and roared off with the police in pursuit.

Tina lay there listening to the people walking by. Her next
door neighbour stood there talking for ages. But Tina could not get them to
hear her. With the noise of the traffic, her talking, Tina's gag and the carpet
which made an excellent silencer she could not get herself heard.

The dustmen came along and saw the rubbish in Tina's garden.
They thought it was strange that she had not put it out on the pavement, but
as she was so good to them they would take it from her garden. They eventually
got to the carpet. They saw it was not a perfect roll and thought it must
be one she was getting rid of. They would take it now and see her the next
time. But one of the men pointed out that the part of the carpet they could
see was brand new. It was argued that if she did not want to dump it she would
have left it indoors and not put it with the rubbish. Everyone agreed
with that argument.

The dustmen decided that as Tina was their last collection
on that round, they would take it and drop it off at the drivers house. If it
was no good, they could just sling it back into the dustcart!

They did not bother to compact the carpet, they just laid it
in the back. They drove off and turned the corner just in time to see the supervisor
standing there. If they were to sort through the rubbish and take
anything they would be sacked. He asked where they were going with the carpet
and they said that they were off to dump it in the landfill site and that they
never bothered to compact it to save fuel. As they had no more to pick up they
just left it on the back.

Tina lay in the back of the dustcart. The ends had been
pushed skywards as the carpet was slightly too wide for the dustcart and the
buckets would not let the carpet bend at the ends.

The supervisor looked at the dustmen and climbed in with
them. They drove straight to the tip where the dustmen got out of the dustcart. The
supervisor got out first. The driver revved the engine up and the
dustcart started to tip the back up. The supervisor watched as the carpet fell
out of the cart.

Tina felt the carpet suddenly had no support. She looked
through the holes in the bucket and saw she was falling through the air.
The carpet hit the rubbish tip and Tina was winded. Tina tried to scream for
all she was worth, but it was no use. They could not hear her, even if she did
not have the gag in. The noise of the revving dustcart engine drowned her out.

The rest of the rubbish followed. The wallpaper filled sacks
were light. Then the rest of everyone's household rubbish came down on top of
her. Some of them was quite heavy. People had dumped irons, cast iron frying
pans and all sorts of things. But the carpet cushioned the blows. It only took
a matter of minutes before Tina's window on her new world was covered. She was
in darkness and it was eerily silent. All Tina could hear was the blood
rushing though her head.

Dustcart after dustcart came and dumped their load on Tina's
pile of rubbish which was now her new home. Some of the
rubbish was collected from wheelie bins and was not even in sacks. This meant
that all the rotting compost would now be squeezed so all the juices was
dripped onto her carpet.

Tina felt the pressure of the rubbish building up on top of
her. Juices from fruit was being squeezed out some of the bags. Even the water
from mouldy cucumbers was being squeezed out. But the carpet kept Tina dry.

She found it harder and harder to breathe. The smell from
the rotting fruit and vegetables was awful, and somewhere nearby was a bag of
manure. The juices from that being squeezed dropped onto the end of the carpet
and ran into the plastic sack covering the bucket that Tina had been looking
through. This smell made Tina wretch.

The rubbish kept pouring down.  The carpet had held out for so long but eventually it started to flatten out through the weight of
the rubbish above it. Tina felt the carpet slip as something gave way below
it. And she drifted deeper into the rubbish pile. She wondered if she would ever get out of this...

At the depot where the dustmen had driven to after
unloading, the driver said, "Pity about that carpet!"

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=721.0)
