---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/plastic.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Plastic Satisfation
authors:
- Plastic Woman
tags:
- n/a
---

You come home from a "hard" day at work and are really tense. 
You ask if I can possibly give you a shoulder/neck massage.  I tell
you that I have a better idea and then ask you to strip.  You go to
the bedroom and disrobe, while I am setting up in our dining room. 
We have these wonderful wooden chairs, with cutwork backs and very polished
oak seats.  (In reality, I have 1930's chairs with handmade needlepoint
seat covers, made by my mother).  The lights are dimmed in the room
and you stand in the doorway, nervously fidgeting with you feet. 
I tell you to come over and get your surprise.  You agree, only to
see that I have a number of items on the table, ready to use.

"It is now time to relax, my sweet and let the days' frustration melt
away", I whisper into your ear.  I instruct you to come forward and
bend over the chair back with your head just above the seat.  I caress
your member, which is now starting to get interested. 
"You will be restrained for quite some time, my love.  I want
you to enjoy your captivity as much as I will", I murmur at you as I take
the role of tape.  "Put your hands behind your back, like a good boy. 
Won't you be a wonderful toy to play with later on", I say while laughing. 
The tape is wrapped expertly around your wrists as I bind them together
with your palms facing.  A large clear plastic bag is on the table
and I move towards it.  You start to straighten up from your bent
posture over the chair, just in time for the bag to meet your head.

"Oh, no my love.  You mustn't run away.  Mistress will be
very displeased.  Now bend over again, so that I can finish the job". 
You bend over, squirming as I tighten the bag around your neck.  "I
will close off the bag for only a little while, sweetie, and I promise
to let you breath again, quite soon".  I giggle with anticipation. 
I pick up a large 8" dildo and grease it up.  I then proceed to grease
up your manhole and tease you with the end of the prod.  You are breathing
quickly and the bag is starting to stick to your face.  You are horny
as hell and still bent over the chair.  I finally shove the dildo
all the way in and push it just past the sphincter to make sure that it
stays in.  You are panting as your air is running out and writhing,
trying to break free.  I am leaning against you so that you are pinned
to the chair as I then tape the dildo into your butt.

"Now, stand up and walk around the front of the chair.  I will
take the bag off as soon as I have you secured, so don't panic and use
up the last few breaths of air before I am finished, honey".  I push
you down onto the hard chair seat and you groan with pain.  You can't
breath at all now and the bag is totally stuck to your face.  I rip
a hole in the bag and you suck in the sweet, fresh, cool air that then
revives you.  I take some plastic wrap and begin at your feet.

You are so dizzy from the breath control, that you haven't got the strength
to fight me.  I proceed to wrap each leg individually to each front
leg of the chair and work my way up to your waist.  Your member is
standing at full attention now, just begging for me to help you. 
I pull the plastic tightly around your waist, pinning your arms behind
you and next to the chair back.  With some tape, I wrap your chest
to the chair and then work again with the plastic.  I rip out a long
piece, twist it into a rope and wrap it around your neck.

"Why am I being tied to a chair, Mistress", you ask?  "So that
I can have my fun", I reply with a little snicker.  "No more questions,
sweetie, or you will have more of the bag treatment, understand?" 
You nod, ashamed that you questioned your mistress.

The plastic rope is around your neck and I then tie the two ends to
the back legs of the chair, making it almost impossible for you to move,
or squirm.  By this time, the dildo in your ass against the hard chair
seat is a constant and painful reminder of who really is in charge. 
"Almost done now, hon. just a few more touches and I can play with my new
toy".  I let out a squeal of excitement that causes you to smile with
lust. 
"Please Mistress, may I be allowed to give you pleasure?  May
I be allowed to cum and give you of my life force", you ask?

"I told you before that you were not supposed to ask questions, or to
speak.  You sound rather pathetic and I won't let you spoil my mood. 
Open your mouth for a nice little gag and don't complain".  I remind
you by slapping your member, just how I mean to do business.  I pick
up another plastic bag and you move your head away from me.  I grab
your head and cover your face with the plastic.  Now you can't breath
and are writhing, trying to get some air.  I pull the bag away and
you gasp for air.  Now I crumple up the bag and shove it into your
mouth, almost choking you with it.

"Relax and take it all in or I will cut off your air again", I order. 
I am still holding your head and am just inches from your face with a nasty,
angry look on my face.  You open up your mouth a little more so that
I can shove the entire bag in and your gag reflex starts taking over. 
I start to stroke your forehead and the back of your neck, getting you
to relax and take the bag all the way into your mouth without gagging. 
You finally quieten down and I cover your mouth with tape.  You look
at me with tears in your eyes from gagging.  I pick up a silk hanky
and dry your tears, while kissing you and stroking your face.  You
nod your appreciation and beckon me to enjoy your tool.

"Now for the final phase, my sweet".  I take some plastic wrap
and beginning at your balls work my way up to the head of your penis. 
Just below the tip, I turn around and start to wrap very tightly down in
the other direction, back towards your plastic covered eggs.  I wrap
a third time, even tighter than before, up to just behind the head and
then make my way down with the final and tightest wrap of all.  You
are moaning from the pain and the pleasure.

Just as I ease myself down onto your plastic piece, I grab the final
bag from the table and pull it down over your head.  I take a long
piece of tape and wrap that around your neck tightly, making it even more
difficult for you to breathe.  You are writhing wildly, moaning and
trying to move but can't as I have done a wonderful job of restraining
you.

"You said you were tense and now, I will take away all your worries,
lovey.  Don't fight, just love", I say while caressing your plastic
covered head.  As you buck, I am getting very close to cumming. 
Just as you are fighting for your last breath, you unleash a torrent into
me and I grind down onto you as I cum with a glorious display of fireworks. 
As I am coming back down to earth, I rip the bag open, and tear the tape
off your mouth.  You spit out the wet plastic bag and we kiss passionately
for a long time.... SWAK

Send any story recommendations to Plastic Woman [seeya95@hotmail.com](mailto:seeya95@hotmail.com)
