---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/mummified_eaten_orca2.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Mummified and Eaten - Orca Snack 2
authors:
- Darkraptor
tags:
- FF/mf
- wrap
- latex
- vore
- cons
- X
date: 2006-01-20 00:00:00
---

*The follow up  [Orca snack](mummified_eaten_orca.html) (which
should be read before this one).**Thanks to Tiedash for proofreading the story, and
thanks to Gromet for suggesting the latex bags.*

The water was dark, concealing the orca who moved
silently within.
Its senses were on high alert. There was food out here
somewhere. With her highly developed senses, the orca would find its meal.
There. Tilting and looking upwards, the killer whale
spotted its prey. It was above the water, about ten feet above the liquid
surface.
This would be tricky. Though it had a good lock on the
prey, the orca would need to time this just right.
A single mess-up and the creature would be hungry for
another day.
With a powerful stroke from its tail, the orca went
down in the water.
Turning, it spun until it was facing its prey.
It was one of those humans. It was dangling face down
towards the water, held upside down by a piece of rope tied around the ankles.
What was very odd was that over its dark and slick
second skin, it was wrapped head to toe in silver material.
No matter. All that mattered was getting to it.
With powerful strokes, the orca began to move through
the water.
Slowly at first. Then faster. And faster.
Soon the orca was going so fast that the water around
it shimmered with energy.
With a final push, the orca shot out of the water.
Its mouth opened impossibly wide, exposing a dark maw
filled with teeth.
The human dangling above the water never had a chance.
The orca was going so fast that she didn’t even slow
down as her mouth engulfed the human, her momentum shooting her up and up, her
mouth taking in the delicious meal.
Finally, the orca reached the peak of its flight
upwards. The human’s ankles were inside her mouth.
With a quick bite, the rope snapped.
With the prey now held inside its mouth, the orca fell
back into the water with an enormous splash.
Satisfied, the creature swallowed this morsel whole and
alive, taking it deep inside her belly, feeling it slide through her throat.
She swam down and paused, feeling its still living meal
enter the stomach.
At that moment, a sound came to her ears.
It was the sound of clapping.
“There you go ladies and gentlemen!” The announcer
said. “Another performance of the woman eating orca! This marks the three
hundredth time Nia has been swallowed. Let’s give her, and Jude, a big round
of applause!”
Upon hearing the thunderous sound of applause, Jude
quickly went into her well-practiced routine. She shot up from the bottom of
her tank and easily slid onto the stage, her mouth open and her tail curled to
the sky.
The humans were going wild. Apparently, they loved what
she did, which was fine with her.
These humans were so easy to please. When they were
happy, they were very nice to her.
And to top it off, she got free food, and plenty of
companionship. So it was a mutual relationship all around, though Jude
suspected that she got the better end of the deal.
Oh wait, there was the little hand movement. They
wanted her to cough up her human friend.
Moving her stomach and neck muscles, the giant orca
felt around and took hold of her human friend. Getting a secure grip on her,
Jude pulled her back out of the stomach and up towards the mouth.
Breathing slowly, but steadily, Jude pushed her human
friend out of her mouth, pushing her out and out and out until she plopped
onto the water covered stage.
She lay still, still breathing, but very tired. Maybe a
gentle nudge would get her to move.
Jude slid forward and gently bumped her human friend.
She rolled slightly, moaned a little.
Then the other humans were there, tearing away the
silver stuff that was wrapped around her body. When she was freed, the human
Nia slowly got to her feet. That was good. A sign that she was okay.
There was more thunderous applause from the audience.
Nia turned and waved weakly, her fatigue clearly showing.
This concerned Jude. Her human friend was weak and
needed rest. And she still had one more swallowing to go through today. Maybe
rubbing her would make her feel better.
Jude began to squeak, catching Nia’s attention. She
smiled and slowly walked over to her large friend.
Placing her hand on Jude’s huge mouth, she slowly
stroked the rubbery skin. Jude’s eyes closed slightly as the pleasure of
touch began to come over her.
For being such weak and frail creatures, humans were
good and showing affection through touch and care.
Jude’s relaxed body gave a deep sigh as she sank
another inch or so onto the stage, luxuriating in her caretakers rubbing.
The rubbing continued as the audience slowly filed out.
To both orca and human, it was a special, tender moment, as it always was.
“*You haven’t known satisfaction*.” Nia
mused. “*Until you’ve heard an orca purr*.”
Kneeling down, Nia wrapped her arms around Jude’s
mouth and squeezed tightly, giving the orca the biggest and tightest hug she
could manage.
Jude appreciated the effort. It always touched the orca
when her caretaker did this. And it would be a pleasure giving her a fully
body hug when she was swallowed later.
This trust and affection was crucial to the two.
Without it, neither would have even considered doing this show.
When the hug was over, Nia sat down next to her orca.
“You know.” She said, stroking the area near Jude’s eye. “You were
quite good this time. Your timing on the jump and the bite was perfect.”
“*And you were very good at keeping still*.”
Jude replied. “*It takes a lot of courage to do that*.”
Nia laughed. At times, she was certain that she could
tell what Jude was thinking, just by looking at her eyes.
They were so expressive, those eyes. So full of
intelligence and compassion.
“Well, I’m sure we’ll get another chance to see
how good both of us are at this evening’s show.”
“*Yes, I’m sure we will*.”
Nia chuckled. “Here, why don’t I get you some food
that you can actually eat. Does tuna sound good?”
“*Oh yes, please! I love that stuff!*”
Laughing, Nia went over and grabbed the bucket of tuna
at the edge of the stage.
Unknown to both orca and human, they were being watched
very closely.
The binoculars peeked through the bushes, enabling the
user to focus his eyes on trainer Nia.
“Ah ha…” Professor Jarlson said. “Yes, very
good.” He adjusted the focus lens, and homed in on his target.
That trainer had such a cute bottom. Covered in that
skin tight, soaking wet, wetsuit. So round, so curved, so…
“Oz!”
“Yes dear?”
Oz spun and looked at his research assistant (and fiancée)
Mary.
“Tell me again, why are we coming here?”
Oz smiled. “Honey, I’m convinced that trainer Nia
has somehow managed to communicate with her orca! Could you imagine what that
means if it’s true? That we could be on a breakthrough in human and animal
communication!”
Mary nodded, but went on. “Well, why couldn’t you
do your studies back home in
Wales
?”
“Because they don’t have enough resources, and
I…Oh, look!”
Oz Jarlson eagerly peered through his binoculars.
“There, you see! The trainer is talking to the orca near one of the eyes! I
knew it!”
Mary shook her head. “Oz,” She joked. “Sometimes
I worry about you.”
Oz returned the smile. “We’re going in.” He said.
“Tonight! We’re going to talk to the orca!”
The smile left Mary’s face.
“We’re doing what now?”
\*\*
As Jude swallowed her food, Nia went back into the
small prep room off stage. A quick shower came, removing the gunk and stomach
juices.
Nia allowed herself a moment to just sit down and
relax, letting the warm water drip and roll off her wetsuit. Relaxing in its
warm embrace, she closed her eyes.
Oh, this felt sooo gggoooddd….
She slowly lay down on the shower floor, peppered with
small droplets of water that came from the show above her.
Fatigue, weariness and the warmth of her slick and wet
suit all dragged Nia into a gentle sleep.
\*\*
“Nia! Nia, wake up sillyhead!”
Nia’s eyes opened. “Wh…what?”
“Come on, you’ll miss the last show of the day!”
Nia closed her eyes and groaned. “There’s one last
show to do?”
“I’m afraid so. But after that you can sleep.
How’s that sound?”
Sighing, Nia slowly stood up. “That sounds wonderful
Liz.”
Jude was already going through her tricks and stunts as
Nia walked out on stage.
“And here she comes ladies and gentlemen!” The
announcer said, well practiced at using the phrase. “Our very own Nia!”
Nia looked and waved. She chuckled as she recognized
several people in the audience. Less then two months after this whole stunt
had started, and she already had her own fan club.
As the tape began to wind it’s way up and around her
wetsuited body, Nia realized that she never got tired of being wrapped up for
her stunts.
This latest one was very interesting. Standard full
body wrap in duct tape over the suit, but being dangled upside down over the
water was an interesting touch.
After the wrapping was completed, Nia was carried off
the stage, up a ladder and onto a platform.
There, she was laid down on the platform while Liz and
the other assistant tied the rope around her wrapped ankles.
Nia shuddered as she felt the rope gently dig into her
ankles nice and tight. There was something about having your ankles tied
together and being dangled…
…which was where she was a minute later, dangling
upside down fifteen feet above the water, waiting for Jude to come shooting
out of the water and embrace her in her warm and sticky mouth.
Ahh, there she was, at the bottom of the tank, getting
ready to accelerate to maximum speed.
She could rest for a few moments before the jump. She
went completely limp, letting her bound and wrapped arms relax behind her
back. Going completely limp, dangling like an ornament…so very relaxing.
Splash
Nia opened her eyes to see a huge maw coming straight
at her, the dark throat welcoming her inside.
She managed a smile.
“*Here we go*.”
GULP.
\*\*
The lights at the park were always dim at night. Though
there was security present, the lights were kept dim enough so that the
animals could sleep in the darkness.
The darkness was the perfect cover for Oz and his fiancée
as they snuck their way into the park, dressed like thieves in the night.
Their outfits were a little out of the ordinary. Like
some silly spy movie, both were dressed in skin-tight black wetsuits.
“Tell me again…” Mary asked as she snuck through
the bushes. “…Why are we wearing wetsuits?”
“It’s because they offer camouflage in the dark.
And we might be in cold water.”
“Oh really? Then why did you select my suit to be the
one that has these two blue stripes on it?”
Oz looked back at her, his eyes growing and a smile
coming onto his face.
“Maybe it’s because you look so damn hot and sexy
in it.”
Mary rolled her eyes. “You know,” Mary said,
smiling. “Sometimes I wonder if you’re still sane.”
Oz only grinned as he continued onwards.
There. The orca Jude’s pen was dead ahead. And there
were no guards in sight. This would be easy.
It was a simple manner to sneak into the pens. Jude
however, wasn’t in the pens. A quick glance at the gigantic tank also showed
that Jude wasn’t in her tank.
A startled Oz tried to figure out where a forty foot
long, multi-ton whale could hide. Then he realized what was going on, and he
groaned at his own stupidity.
The orca’s pen was right next to the ocean, and there
was a very large gate between the two. At the moment it was open, which meant
that the killer whale was out swimming in the ocean.
This feature had been installed in response to
animal-rights activists who claimed that the killer whale was being kept
against her will. Now she could come and go whenever she wanted to.
Silently indicating to his fiancée to stay and look
out for guards, Oz slowly walked forward onto the stage.
He shivered with excitement. This was where it
happened. This was where the trainer spoke with the orca.
A chuckle emerged from the man. “*So, the
professors back at the university think I’m mad do they? I’ll show them!*”
He grinned devilishly. “*I’ll show them all!*”
His neoprene booties splashing, he walked over to the
edge of the stage and splashed his hand in the water.
For several minutes, nothing happened. Then a shape
appeared under the water, emerging from the gate that lead to the ocean.
Like a very well oiled and used machine, the orca Jude
abruptly appeared and shot out of the water, landing on the stage.
Oz was taken back by the whale’s size. She was…big.
Very big. Easily the biggest orca he’d ever seen, in terms of length, weight
and overall size.
Jude looked at the human in front of her. Hmm…she
couldn’t recall seeing this one before. Maybe he was a new friend to play
with. She turned her head slightly and looked him over. He didn’t look or
feel threatening, mostly curious.
Oz slowly walked forward, unsure how to try out his
idea of if this whale could understand a human language.
Best to start off with the basics. He looked at the
orca directly in the eye.
“Do you understand me?” No, no, too generic. He
needed something more focused. “If you can understand me, raise your
tail.”
Amazingly, the orca did just that.
“*Okay*.” Jude’s expression told Oz. “*What
do you want me to do next?*”
Oz responded by falling on his butt, his suit rapidly
getting soaked with water. She had done what he had asked! He couldn’t
believe it!
He had to try more commands. “Uhm…lie on your
side.”
Jude tilted onto her side and stuck her right flipper
up and waved it.
Oz was almost ecstatic with joy. It was true! This orca
could understand him!
Now for the classic word that had been used in all the
shows.
“Open your mouth.”
Jude opened her mouth to as wide as it went, exposing
the dark, deep and damp cavern inside it.
In awe, Oz went forward and carefully peered inside
Jude’s mouth. He could see the folds of skin that covered the opening of the
throat, but the throat itself was very large. Wide enough to accommodate a
human, as had been demonstrated in the show.
Oz couldn’t resist. He stuck his arms in, and began
to gently scratch Jude’s tongue. Jude’s eyes closed slightly, indicating
pleasure.
“Mary!” Oz said quietly. “Come here! You’ve got
to see this!”
No reply.
“Mary? Come on, you’ll love this!”
No reply.
“Mary, what’s wrong?”
Before Oz could turn, his hands were grabbed.
Giving a little shriek, Oz looked inside Jude’s
mouth. Two hands were holding his, with a grip stronger then he imagined.
“What the…”
With a small grunt, Nia pulled herself forward out of
Jude’s throat, just enough so that her arms and head were sticking out.
She yawned. “Well, hello there. What do you think
you’re doing here in the park after hours?”
“Don’t worry Nia.” A female voice said behind Oz.
“We’ll take care of it. You there, hands in the air!”
Nia released Oz’s arms. Oz briefly considered running
for it, but he heard the sound of a gun chamber being slid into place.
Groaning, Oz raised his arms above his head.
“Good. Now don’t make any sudden movements.
You’re under arrest for trespassing.”
A hand brought down Oz’s right arm and put it behind
his back. Oz felt the click and snap as a handcuff was locked around his
wrist. The process was repeated as his left arm was bought behind his back,
and locked in the handcuff too.
His unseen captor forced him to kneel on the stage,
where his ankles were locked in a pair of cuffs as well.
\*\*
Ten minutes later, Oz and his fiancée (who was also
locked in cuffs) were kneeling on the stage in front of their captors.
Nia had pulled herself out of Jude’s throat and now
sat next to the orca, stroking her affectionately.
“Pardon me for asking.” Oz said. “But what on
earth were you doing inside that orca?”
Nia smiled. “Sometimes I like to take naps inside of
Jude. She doesn’t mind carrying me around while I sleep. It’s almost womb
like.”
“But the problem now,” Liz said. “Is what to do
with these two. What were you doing here after hours?”
Oz gulped. “Well, I…I was curious to see if that
orca is as intelligent as she appears to be. I’m fascinated by killer whale
intelligence, and your orca seemed to be a prime candidate.”
Liz nodded slightly. “And?”
Oz continued. “And it appears that she is
intelligent. While my own commands were normal commands that are taught by
you, I was unable to go into more specific details.”
Liz nodded. “Well, too bad you won’t get a chance
to try out any more experiments for a while. If I recall correctly,
trespassing in this state is punishable by at minimum, a year in prison. So
I’m sure both of you will have plenty of time to contemplate orca
intelligence while sitting in your cells.”
Mary cried quietly, her arms moving to wipe away the
tears, but stopped by the unforgiving grip of the handcuffs.
“Look,” Oz said. “I’m sure we can work
something out here. We were just curious!”
“You could have come and asked about meeting Jude on
a one on one basis.”
“In retrospect, yes. But my curiosity and impatience
got the better of me.”
Nia smiled. “Well, at least you’re honest.”
Liz put away the gun. “Well, I suppose we’d better
call the police.”
Mary cried more and more, and even Oz began to cry
quietly.
It was a pitiful sight.
“*You know*.” Jude said as she looked at Nia.
“*They didn’t do any harm. They were just curious*.”
Nia thought. Just as Liz was about to dial the police
on the phone, she stopped her.
“Wait.” She said. “I think I have an idea on how
we can settle this.”
Oz and Mary looked at her with a very faint glimmer of
hope.
“If they really want to make up for this, I know how
they can. We’ve got a new idea to make it easier for Jude to swallow humans,
and these two can be the first testers.”
Oz and Mary frantically nodded their heads. “Yes!”
Mary said. “Please, we’ll do anything you want. Anything! Just don’t
call the police on us!”
Nia nodded. “All right.” She got up and walked over
to a locker on the far edge of the stage, opened it, and pulled out some
supplies.
The standard issue duct tape was there, but there were
two new items.
They were latex body bags. Form fitting, constructed
completely of skin tight, black shiny latex.
“The idea is that I’m wrapped up in tape as
normal.” Nia said. “And then I get zipped up into this body bag. Very
smooth, and it makes it easier for Jude to swallow me.”
Oz and Mary stared.
“You can’t be serious!” Oz gasped.
“Well, it’s either this, or the police.” Nia
said.
Realizing that they had no real choice, Mary and Oz
nodded their heads.
“All right then.” Nia said. “Let’s get you out
of those cuffs and get you wrapped up. But first…”
Liz quickly took out a camera and snapped a picture of
the cuffed couple.
“A little insurance police to make sure you don’t
run away.”
Liz took out the keys to the cuffs and undid them. Oz
and Mary immediately rubbed their hands together, grateful to be free of those
horrible cuffs, which still looked threatening even when open.
“Now then,” Nia said, holding up the tape.
“Who’s first?”
Mary and Oz looked at each other.
“Uhh…”
“How about we wrap them both at the same time?” Liz
suggested.
“Na.” Nia said. “Let’s wrap the guy first. He
should look rather cute in the bag.” What she didn’t say is that she would
enjoy watching the fear on the woman’s face, when she realized that what
would happen to the guy was going to happen to her.
“Okay.” Liz said. “But just to be on the safe
side…” She turned to Mary and held up one of the handcuffs.
Mary shook her head and backed away. “Oh no.” She
said. “No, not those. I won’t run away, I promise!”
Liz smiled. “I know. But this is just to be on the
safe side. Besides, you look rather sexy all dressed up and handcuffed.”
Mary whimpered, but otherwise did not resist as she was
taken to a flagpole, and had her hands cuffed behind her back, around the
pole.
“There we go.” Liz said as she tightened the cuffs
with a loud CLICK. “That’ll keep you secured until we’re ready for
you.” Liz struggled with her steel bindings, but found that they were locked
very securely.
Liz walked away, leaving Mary cuffed to the pole.
Quietly disappearing, she slid down and sat in the water, feeling her suit
getting wet with water. “What a lousy day this has been.” She thought.
Oz was standing still on the stage as the three female
trainers slowly wound the thick duct tape around his body. So far only his
ankles and knees were wrapped, but at the rate the trainers were going, he’d
be tussled up in less then ten minutes.
“This is so strange.” Nia said as she wound some
tape above Oz’s knees.
“What is?” Liz asked.
“That I’m not the person being wrapped up in
tape.”
The trainers laughed. Oz gave a little chuckle.
“So, do you like this?” Nia asked curiously.
Oz gave a shrug. “I never imagined when I woke up
this morning that I’d be in a wetsuit, getting wrapped up in duct tape in
preparation of being swallowed by a creature I’ve been studying for
years.”
“Yea.” Liz said. “I bet you were only expecting
to watch the orcas.”
“Yes. That was the point…Ow! Do you have to wind it
so tight?”
“Yep.” Nia said as she reached his groin. “You
have to be very compressed and snug so Jude can swallow you easily.”
Oz gave a small groan. “How very reassuring.”
“Oh don’t worry. It doesn’t hurt. Jude is very
gentle when she swallows people.”
“How many people has she swallowed?”
“Only me, about a few hundred times.”
Another gulp.
At that point, the trainers reached his sides. “All
right buster.” Liz said. “You need to put your arms at your sides.”
“And if I don’t?”
Liz gave a sly grin. “Then Jude’s teeth may do a
little scraping.”
Frowning and muttering, Oz complied, placing his arms
at his sides.
He didn’t struggle as the tape was wound around his
torso and his arms, pinning both in place.
From her place at the pole, Mary looked on with both
dread and fascination at what was happening to her fiancée. But her attention
was torn between the sight of her fiancée being wrapped up, and the tightness
of the handcuffs around her wrists. Even when locked around the neoprene, they
were still very tight.
“Excuse me.” Mary said. “But could one of you
come loosen my cuffs a little? They hurt.”
“No.” Liz said. “Besides, you’ll be in them for
only a few more minutes.”
“But they’re tight!”
“If you think those are tight, imagine being wrapped
up, locked up, and sealed up inside an orca’s stomach.”
Mary was quiet. Suddenly her cuffs didn’t seem so
tight anymore.
To Oz, his bindings were very tight. His captors were
reaching his shoulders, meaning that they were going to be finished soon.
If he had wanted to escape, then that chance was long
past. His legs were bound together, his arms were bound to his side, and the
tape wrapped around him was so tight that breathing was becoming difficult.
“There we go.” Nia said as she pressed the last bit
of tape down. “All wrapped up and snug. How do you feel?”
Oz tried to move, could only manage a hop. His arms
were completely unmovable.
“Perfect!” Nia said. “Now, on to the new gear.
Your nice, cozy bag!”
“Great.” Oz said, his voice flat.
As Nia picked up the bag, she looked over at Jude, who
was still lying on the stage. She had been watching everything with great
interest.
“So Jude,” Nia said. “You ready to swallow
someone new?”
“*Yes, though not in the way that you are
accustomed to*.”
Nia was a bit confused. What did that mean? Oh well,
she’d find out in a few minutes.
“All right ladies.” Nia said. “Lie him down on
the stage.”
Oz didn’t, couldn’t resist as his captors gently
lay him down on the ground, so that he was staring up at the night sky.
“All right.” Nia said as she took hold of Oz’s
neoprene covered feet. “Let’s get you tucked in.”
Taking the latex bag, she guided Oz’s feet into the
bag. To her delight, it was a perfect fit around his feet.
“*Ohh, this is going to be good*.” She
thought. “*So tight and nice within this shiny, shiny bag*.”
“*Oh, this isn’t going to be good*.” Oz
thought. “*This is going to be too tight and too hot. Wait a minute. I’m
wrapped up and being zipped into a body bag. Hmm…this might not be so bad
after all*.”
More and more of the bag was placed up and around
Oz’s bound body. The latex kissed him as it was zipped up, inch by inch.
Oz managed to lift his head to watch as his legs, his
waist, his arms, and his chest were slowly contained by the latex bag.
Finally, the bag was completely around him. With a
final VVVRRRIPPP, the zipper was finished. The bag’s collar was tightened
around Oz’s neck, and several built in belts were strapped together to
compress and squeeze the bag’s occupant.
“Well.” Nia said as she stood up. “That should do
it. How do you feel?”
Oz squirmed a little within his bag, completely unable
to move. “It’s very tight.” He said matter-of-factly. “I can’t move
at all, it’s quite warm, and quite snug around my body.”
“Perfect!” Nia said. “Then let's feed you to
Jude!”
“Uhm…” Oz said. “Do we really have to do
this?”
Liz picked up the telephone threateningly.
Realizing that he was stuck, Oz sighed. “Very
well.”
Liz and Nia reached down and took hold of the belts
wound around the bag. Picking up the bag and it’s occupant, they slowly
walked towards Jude, who was watching this morsel with great interest.
“Here we go Jude.” Nia said. “Your latest meal,
very slick and shiny! Just remember that you can’t digest him.”
“*I don’t intend to*.”
Nia looked down at the bound captive. “Do you want to
go headfirst, or feetfirst?”
“If you must insist, I will go feet first.”
“Okay.” The two trainers held Oz’s body level,
pointing it right towards Jude’s mouth.
"Wait a minute!" Oz said. "How are we
going to breathe inside that orca?"
"Oh, don't worry about it." Nia said.
"Jude can carry enough air for you to survive. And she'll keep breathing,
and keep passing air on to you."
"How very reassuring." Oz muttered.
“Okay Jude.” Nia said. “Open up!”
Jude looked at them, then did something that nobody had
ever seen her do.
She somehow managed to turn her entire, forty foot
length body so that her human friends were looking at her side. Then, with
great effort, she rolled onto her right side, so that her tummy was pointing
up.
“Jude?” Nia asked. “What is it?”
Jude squeaked. Nia heard a loud plop, and looked
towards Jude’s tail.
Jude’s vaginal opening was wide open, and clear
juices were pouring out of her.
Temporarily forgetting about Oz, Nia and Liz put him
down and walked over to Jude’s opening.
It was quite large, and judging by the muscles and
loose skin, the opening could expand several times larger.
Curious, Nia placed her arm inside Jude’s opening,
feeling the wet and moist muscles within. Jude gave a squeak, and the muscles
closed in on Nia’s arm.
“Whoa, there Jude.” Nia said. “What are you
doing?”
The muscles around Nia’s arms were pulsating,
grabbing at her, and strangely, trying to pull her in.
Only then did Nia realize what Jude wanted.
Nia chuckled. Then she started to laugh.
“What?” Oz asked in his bag. “What is it?”
With some effort, Nia managed to pull her arm out of
Jude’s vagina. Jude squeaked sadly.
“I think Jude wants some company.”
Oz nodded his head. “Yes, I think we all know
that.”
“Inside of her.”
“Well, isn’t that what she wants from you?”
“But not in her stomach.”
This statement puzzled Oz. He had to think about it for
several minutes. Then with a grasp of horror, he realized what Nia was talking
about.
“You…seriously…must be joking!” Oz stammered.
“You can’t…really mean that?!”
Nia smiled and nodded. “Oh yes, I do mean it. I think
Jude wants you inside of her.”
Liz went over to drag the helpless researcher over to
the giant orca, while Nia walked over to Jude’s head.
“So.” She said, looking into her giant friend’s
eyes. “Do you really want him to go in through there?”
“*Oh yes. The last time someone went in there, it
was incredible. I’ve hungered for that feeling for a long time*.”
“Well, now you’ll get it my rubbery friend.”
“*Oh good! I look forward to it. He should enjoy it*.”
Walking over to Liz, Nia grabbed one of the belts on
the body bag, and the two dragged Oz over towards Jude’s vagina.
“Look, I’m sure we can work something out!” Oz
stammered, wiggling in his bag. “I mean, I’m fine with her swallowing me,
but this? This is a bit much!”
“Oh come on.” Nia said. “Jude said you’d enjoy
it.”
“You…you talked to the killer whale?” Oz
stammered.
“Oh yes. She’s very intelligent.”
“I can’t believe this is happening…” Oz
muttered.
They reached Jude’s tail. Jude’s vaginal opening
increased in width, ready to admit an occupant.
Not wanting to keep their multi-ton friend waiting, Liz
and Nia lifted Oz up and stuck him in, feet first.
Almost instantly, muscles gripped Oz’s legs and with
surprising strength, began to pull him in. The researcher was speechless as he
watched his bag being sucked into the body of a killer whale, through its
vagina no less.
More and more of the bag vanished into Jude’s body.
Within moments, Liz and Nia were able to let go of Oz, and let Jude handle the
work of sucking him in.
Judging by the sounds the giant orca was making, Jude
was enjoying the process immensely. Her entire body was shaking and quivering
with excitement as she pulled Oz into her body, squeaks emerging from her
mouth.
Within a minute, Oz had been sucked up to his
shoulders, the red muscle lined opening expanding further and further to
accommodate him. Jude paused, resting and gathering strength. Oz was left
sticking out of her, looking absolutely bewildered.
Nia walked over to Oz. “So, how’s it feel to be
sucked up into your new mommy?”
Oz was flabbergasted. He stuttered, trying to find the
right words. There was a suck, and he was pulled in five more inches.
“It’s…”
Another suck. Up to the neck.
“Uhm…”
There was a loud schlurp and another suck, and then
Oz’s head was the only part of him sticking out of Jude’s body.
Oz’s eyes suddenly went wide. And he found the right
words to describe the situation.
“It’s damn horny.”
With a final, powerful suck, Oz’s head was pulled
into Jude’s vagina, and the top of his head rapidly vanished into the
darkness of Jude’s tube.
The hole quickly contracted and closed itself, sealing
up the hole where Oz had been only a moment earlier.
Jude’s midsection pulsated as she took Oz into her
body. Some juice dripped out and gathered near Nia’s feet.
With a loud, content sigh, Jude slowly rolled back onto
her belly, and relaxed.
Nia walked over to Jude’s head and sat down next to
her large friend. She reached over and wrapped her arms around Jude’s snout,
and squeezed tightly.
“Wow.” She whispered. “That was quite a sight.
How’s he doing?”
“*Still going in*.”
Nia smiled. “Well, while you’re working on him,
we’ll go get his friend all set to go.”
“*Very well. I’ll be ready for her*.”
Jude watched as her human friend got up and walked over
to the new female, who was tied to a tall thin post of some kind.
The events of this evening had been rather odd. She had
never seen humans acting towards each other that way before, locking limbs
behind backs, threatening each other with small shiny things, and something
called the police.
Oops. Jude closed her eyes and focused, pushing the man
through her tube towards her womb. He was stuck, and needed a little extra
force to get going. Ahh, there he goes.
This was one little talent of hers that only one other
human had found out, years earlier when she was in the mid
Atlantic
. He was a nice man, so friendly and responsive to her
desires for him.
However, he hadn’t tasted too good. He had been the
first, and the last human she’d eaten and digested. No more humans in her
diet. Ever.
Besides, she couldn’t imagine digesting any of these
humans who were so nice to her. All she had to do was do some tricks, and she
got free food and all the companionship she wanted.
And this human, the one they called Nia…she was
special. She was kind, loving, and affectionate. Everything Jude could ask for
in a human.
Ah. With a final push, the male human in the shiny skin
was deposited inside her womb. Now for the tube…
As she moved her tube into position, Jude watched as
her three trainers were wrapping the new female up in the shiny material.
But unlike before, this new human was not smiling or
relaxed. Jude was distressed to see this one with a frightened expression on
her face as her body was wrapped up very tightly in the shiny material. She
looked very frightened.
If there was one thing Jude regretted, it was not
having the ability to make the sounds the humans made. The elegant and complex
sounds that made up their communication. If she could make those sounds, then
maybe she could reassure this new human that it wouldn’t hurt, that she
would be safe.
They were putting the shiny black skin over the new
human. She obviously wasn’t enjoying it at all. She was dripping water from
her eyes. Why were they doing this to her? Sometimes Jude just couldn’t
understand humans, why they did some of the things they did.
The new human was finished. Jude’s trainers looked
her over for a few seconds, then started carrying her over.
Jude acted without even needing to be told, acting off
months of training and practice. Her large, cavern like mouth opened, exposing
her thick tongue, teeth, and huge throat.
The woman was lowered until she was level with Jude’s
mouth. “Don’t worry.” Nia said. “She won’t hurt you.”
“*Silly Nia*.” Jude thought. “*I won’t
hurt humans. I couldn’t imagine doing such a thing*.”
But still, she kept her mouth opened. As the woman was
moved forward, towards the gaping mouth, she began to shake and buckle within
her restrictive skin, trying to worm her way out of it.
Jude looked at the female human. “*Don’t worry*.”
She tried to convey through her eyes. “*I won’t hurt you. You have
nothing to fear*.”
The female did notice Jude’s deep, caring eyes. Could
she tell what was being told to her? It didn’t look like it.
Nia and the other human trainer didn’t pause.
Withought waiting, they pushed the female into Jude’s mouth, head first.
Jude felt the female human begin to struggle
frantically as her head went into Jude’s mouth.
Working automatically, Jude began to swallow the female
human, working her deep into her mouth, into her throat. It was difficult
trying to keep her teeth from scratching the female, with all the struggling.
Didn’t she know that if she only kept still, that this would go much easier?
Jude had to do something. Had to give this female some
kind of signal…maybe some calm thoughts would help calm her.
“*Don’t be afraid*.” Jude thought, focusing
her thoughts on the woman she was swallowing. “I *will not hurt you. I
will not harm you. You have nothing to fear. I will care for you, I will keep
you safe and warm within me*.”
And suddenly, the woman stopped struggling. She stopped
thrashing. Surprised that it had worked, Jude continued swallowing, gulping
down this temporary meal.
The human’s shiny legs were pulled in, inch by inch,
until only her feet were left sticking out. They did twitch and squirm a
little, but Jude focused on finishing what she had started.
With a powerful suck, the female’s feet were pulled
into Jude’s mouth. Closing her jaws, Jude gave a powerful swallow, and felt
the female being pulled into her throat, and felt her traveling into her
stomach.
She had to be careful now. No digestion while this
human was inside her. The female was inside the stomach, but was struggling a
little bit. Jude thought for a few moments. Maybe some gentle rocking would
help quiet her down, done by a nice swim.
Slowly turning, Jude worked herself off the stage and
plopped back into the water of her gigantic tank. With a heavy splash, she
took a deep breath and went under the surface, swimming lazily in the cool
water.
The female was still struggling slightly, but to
Jude’s relief, she was calming down a bit. The human male, on the other
hand, had been completely still while inside of her, only turning
occasionally. He hadn’t been a problem at all.
So Jude swam slowly and calmly through the water,
letting it rock her huge body. Within a few minutes, the female had calmed
down completely and was still.
Surfacing for a breath, Jude looked over and saw the
humans Nia and Liz coming out to join her. Jude paused and let them swim over
to her. The two paddled over to her and tried to climb up onto her back.
Smiling to herself, Jude sank a little into the water,
allowing the two to climb onto her back. When they were on, Jude decided that
a night swim in the ocean might be the perfect way to finish this evening.
With both her trainers holding on, Jude slowly swam out
of the tank, through the gate, and into the open ocean. The moon shone down
brightly on the water, making it sparkle and glisten.
Jude swam slowly, with no particular destination in
mind. She simply enjoyed being in her natural environment, swimming around
with the humans she loved most on her back.
The coast soon disappeared behind them as Jude
continued onwards. Time quietly slipped passed them, and before Jude knew it,
several hours had gone by.
She checked to see how her passengers were doing. The
female was quiet inside her stomach, and it felt like the male was curled up
inside her, his form still and relaxed.
Jude felt the two humans on her back, and was amused to
sense that they were asleep, still holding on to her.
Ahh, these humans were a delight to be with. Though she
felt like swimming further out, she knew that the humans would probably want
to be back on land.
Turning around, Jude swam back towards the marine park,
careful not to let her friend’s fall off her back. They dozed, Liz holding
onto Jude’s dorsal fin, and Nia curled up on top of her head.
At last Jude pulled into the large tank, and headed
straight for the stage. At this point Liz and Nia were stirring on her back,
slowly waking up.
Jude stopped next to the stage, and let Liz and Nia get
off, their body postures showing that they were very sleepy.
When they were sitting on the watery stage, Jude leapt
up onto it and opened her mouth. Working with well-practiced precision, she
slowly began to regurgitate the female inside her stomach. She was pushed
through the throat, and out, out, out, until her head appeared in Jude’s
mouth.
With a giant push, the female fell out of Jude’s
mouth, her shiny second skin covered with saliva. She looked very tired and
worn out, but she didn’t look frightened anymore. Or scared for that mater.
Time to get the male out as well. Making sure that she
wasn’t rolling onto one of the humans, Jude rolled onto her side, exposing
her tummy to the sky.
Widening her vaginal opening, Jude detached her tube,
and then began to push the male out of her, pushing him into her tube. She
could feel him wiggling, as if he was protesting. But because he was wrapped
in that shiny skin, he wasn’t able to stop his progress.
Pushing and pushing, Jude felt him pop out her, head
first.
To Nia, the spectacle was quite a sight. It looked as
if Jude was giving birth to a fully grown human. Which, in this case, was
correctly.
While Liz worked on releasing Mary from her bindings,
Nia walked over to Oz, who was being pushed out of Jude’s Vagina. He slowly
slid forward, until he finally fell onto the stage, covered with clear liquid,
born a second time.
Oz was moaning slightly as Nia began to undo the straps
binding him inside the body bag. He didn’t seem hurt or damaged by his trip
inside a killer whale.
When the straps and the zipper was undone, Nia pulled
off the bag and set it aside. Taking a large pair of scissors, she cut away
the duct tape binding his body and cast the crumpled up mess away.
With his limbs suddenly freed from their imprisonment,
Oz stretched very slowly, uncertain of what to do next. He opened his eyes and
looked around. Almost immediately, he shut them closed again. Why did
everything have to be so dark after being in that wonderful place?
He moaned, trying to work his eyes open again. His
limbs were sore, but he had never felt so alive.
Then he remembered his fiancée. “Mary?” He asked,
opening his eyes and recognizing her limp form only a few feet away.
He somehow managed to crawl across the water soaked
stage until he reached his limp fiancée, who was now free of her bindings. He
took her in his arms. “Oh honey.” He whispered. “Are you all right?”
Mary opened her eyes and looked at him. There was a
very large smile on her face. “Oh yes dear.” She said in a dreamy voice.
“It was wonderful! I wish you could have been there!”
Oz was surprised at this statement. “Uh…what
happened?”
“Well, I was terrified at first, being swallowed and
all. But when I was halfway in, I suddenly felt calm, as if I knew that
everything was going to be all right. It was as if…as if the killer whale
had told me so. But it was incredible in there! So moist, soft, and cushy.”
She looked directly into Oz’s eyes, and a twinkle
crossed her face. “It was, so very…” She ran a hand over Oz’s groin.
“…Hot.”
Any fatigue or weariness Oz had suddenly left him. His
eyes lit up as a thought came into his head.
He turned to Nia. “Uhm, I know this is going to sound
strange but…do you think we can…uh…go back inside the orca?”
Nia was a bit baffled. “Why?” Then her eyes looked
over the couple’s wetsuits, and she noticed something.
The suits had zippers over the crotches.
It was Nia’s turn for her eyes to go wide. She
smiled. “Let me go find out.” She walked over to Jude, who was now back on
her belly. After conversing with her, Nia came back.
“Jude says sure.”
Giggling like naughty children, the couple quickly got
up and walked over to the orca, who had gotten back on her side. Her vagina
was wide open, warm, and inviting.
Mary went in first, giving a huge, inviting smile to
her fiancée as he pulled herself into Jude’s vagina. Muscles gripped and
pulled her in, and within thirty seconds her twitching feet were sucked into
the dark hole.
Grinning madly, Oz followed right behind her, happily
crawling back into Jude’s dark hole, happily allowing the muscles to take
hold and pull him into her wonderful warmth.
When his feet were sucked in, the hole closed tightly,
sealing the couple inside Jude.
Rolling, Jude flopped back onto her belly, giving a
large sigh as the couple continued on to her womb.
Nia walked up to her large friend, placing her hand on
the orca’s head, and began stroking her gently and tenderly. “So.” She
said, smiling. “Are they happy?”
“*Yes*.” Jude said. Her large eyes went wide
briefly, as there was a sudden rush of movement inside her. “*Very happy*.”
“That’s good.” Nia said, stroking Jude’s head,
rubbing her wonderful skin. She sighed. Nia loved being with this orca so
much. She was a wonderful being.
“*And I like being with you too*.”
Nia laughed as she embraced Jude’s head.
Looking to the horizon, Nia saw the sun’s rays
beginning to rise on the horizon. She yawned. It had been a very long day, and
a very long night.
Jude too, yawned. The orca was tired.
“You sleepy?” Nia asked, as she tried to stop
yawning.
“*Yes. Sleep sounds very good right now*.”
Nia chuckled. “Well, good thing it’s the weekend.
No shows, no tricks. So if you want to go out to the ocean for a while, I’m
sure you can.”
“*Why not come with me?*” Jude asked. “*You
could get some rest too*.”
Nia smiled. “That sounds good…\*yawn\*...very
good.”
As Jude happily opened her mouth, and as Nia cheerfully
started to crawl in, a thought came to her. “How’s the couple doing?”
“*They just finished*.” Jude said. “*And
they are sleeping right now. They’ll sleep for quite a while*.”
Smiling, Nia happily crawled into Jude’s mouth,
letting the orca swallow her. It was so relaxing, going into this orca. So
soft, warm and squishy.
As she was swallowed, and as she went deep into
Jude’s stomach, Nia yawned, and let sleep come to her.
With Nia now inside of her, Jude sensed that it was a
good time to head out to sea and sleep.
She swam out of the tank, through the gate, and into
the open ocean, as the sun rose, spreading its warm rays upon the ocean.
