---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Cindy Lovedoll
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- Solo-F
- M-f
- sexdoll
- discovery
- surprise
- bond
- wrap
- latex
- catsuit
- toys
- boxed
- objectify
- stored
- put-away
- used
- oral
- anal
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2003-09-05 00:00:00
---

*Cindy saw red as she spotted her rival for her boyfriends affections, until she came up with a plan that would change her life forever, to take her rivals place and become a sexdoll...*

**Part 1: Surprise**

I’d been away on a business trip; I had finished
up early and decided to surprise my man with me dressed in some new drop
dead gorgeous lingerie that I’d purchased on my trip. My flight brought
me home at about midday, so I knew I had plenty of time to get my little
surprise ready. I have my own key to his apartment, we live together but
I still maintain my own home, for no other reason than if I need a break
or he goes away. Anyway I let myself in, it was very quiet in his place,
and everyone at work I suppose no neighbours making any noise.

I hid my luggage in the hallway closet after removing
the items I needed for my little surprise, and then I headed to the bathroom
to start running a bath and get myself ready for his return. I’d planned
to be suitably sultry & sexy in my new lingerie, make-up with my hair
done and looking like a model from a magazine. After starting the bath
I began to walk around the apartment to get everything ready, champagne
cooling in the refrigerator, chocolates that I’d bought from my trip, very
expensive Belgium ones, I looked forward to trying those. As I continued
around his place I finally ended up in his bedroom, I was going to change
the sheets to some nice sexy satin one’s that I’d picked up before my trip.
The room was in darkness with the curtains cutting off the daylight from
outside, I found the light switch and turned it on, as my eyes adjusted
to the light I saw laying on the bed something that resembled a body.

I walked over closer to the bed thinking that
my lover had been seeing someone else whilst I was away, but as I got closer
I could not see any movement from whoever was lying there, then I saw that
this was not human – but a doll, a sex doll! It lay there with its legs
wide exposing “her” sex, its mouth formed into an “O” shape. I don’t know
if I was shocked or amused at finding this little discovery, “she” looked
the same size and shape as me, I’m small about 4’8”, petite with average
breasts, with my body on the smaller side, my hair reddish-brown, except
down below which is kept shaved clean, I love the feel and the heightened
sensuality. I could see a resemblance between “her” & me; I wondered
if that was why he had chosen this particular doll.

I examined “her” body closer, my eyes casting
down to it’s sex, I wondered if she’d been used by him during the night,
maybe he had fantasized that it was me. My mind had visions of my boyfriend
using “her” & a pang of jealousy wheeled up within me towards this
lifeless object. I quickly returned to the bathroom to turn off the bath
and decided to go back into the bedroom for another look at “her”. I began
to have these wicked, sexy thoughts of him using me the same as he’d used
“her”, what if I was in “her” place, how would it feel? Then an idea came
to me, I could replace “her” but how?

I again left the bedroom, my mind racing with
delicious thoughts of what could happen later on, I undressed, my mind
still exploring the possibilities of how I could be in “her” place when
he returns. I looked across at the full length mirror in the bathroom,
I was pleased with my body, okay so my height wasn’t average but I’d had
no problem with guys and dates, maybe they felt protective towards me due
to my small size, still I loved myself and that seemed the most important
to me. I shook myself from my reverie and climbed into the bath. Relaxing
in it’s luxurious warmth, the water lapping over my tummy and up to my
breasts, my hands began exploring running down over my body from my sensitive
breasts down to my tummy and onto my little mound. The smooth area around
my sweet pussy felt soft, my lips parting as my fingers pushed within me,
moving them around until I found my little pleasure centre, upon touching
this it sent shivers throughout my body, the electricity giving waves of
pleasure deep within me. I relaxed deeper into the water, dreaming of my
boyfriend making love to me, the pleasure building within me until I reached
a delicious climax, much needed after being away for the past few days.

As my mind drifted as I lay there, my thoughts
began to return to how I was going to surprise him tonight, my original
plan of him finding me dressed in my new lingerie put on hold for another
night. I wanted to be that doll, maybe to find out what it felt like but
I seemed to have this craving to be “her”. I quickly finished my bath,
cleaning up behind me so that he wouldn’t know I’d been here, and then
walked back into the bedroom to ponder over my problem. “She” was laying
there as before, eyes open looking up at the ceiling, “her” body unmoving,
“her” mouth still rounded into an “O”, thoughts dashed into my head of
him using my mouth and other places for his pleasure. My body began to
react to these visions, my pussy again becoming wet at these wicked thoughts.
I picked the doll up off the bed to examine “her”, I thought of “her” as
another body and was surprised at the weight.

“She” was well made as dolls go and looked expensive and not a cheap plastic doll,
I’d seen a couple during college that were brought out during parties,
much to the embarrassment of some poor slob whose doll it was or was being
set up for. Everyone’d remorselessly tease him over the next few weeks,
until the joke wore thin. Upon turning her over & looking at “her”
back an idea flashed into my mind, I could cut an opening up the back &
climb inside “her”. I placed the doll down upon the bed and laid down beside
it to check if it was the same size as me, I even climbed on top and then
held it on top of me. I was sure it would work; now all I needed was something
to cut “her” with. I climbed off of the bed and searched for something
to cut with.

I found a sharp pair of scissors in the kitchen
and returned to the bedroom, sitting down on the bed I pulled the doll
across my lap and placed my hands on “her” back, trying to decide where
to start cutting. I pulled the plug to let the air out and deflated “her”
until the doll was flat. Grabbing the scissors I pierced the doll in the
lower back, it felt as though I was stabbing someone real, a rival for
my man’s affections. I began cutting upwards towards the head trying to
keep the cut as straight as I could, as I reached the base of the neck
I thought again about how I was going to climb inside. The head would be
a problem, visions of loose latex giving the game away, then the idea
of using tape to seal the opening came to me, we had purchased some duct
tape recently for some bondage we’d done before my trip. That would be
perfect.

Grabbing the scissors I continued cutting the
back of the head until I thought I could fit within there, I tested it
by placing it down over my face and after a bit of squeezing & pushing
my head popped into place. I could not see, my eyes where covered by the
latex as was my nose, I took it off and made small hole so I could see
and be able to breathe. I then thought about the other holes needed and
after looking inside the doll decided to cut these openings too. First
the back of the mouth, just in case I needed to breathe this way, also
to taste him as he used me here, then onto “her” sex, this definitely had
to go as I loved the feel of him without having a false condom between
us, that I would definitely not give up. Then I came across the other tube
that made up “her” rectum, to be polite! Should I or shouldn’t I, it was
hard to decide as I’d never before had anal sex, sure I’d been asked but
I had always declined fearing the pain or just not having any interest
in that area. I decided not to cut here yet; I would have to push the tube
into me so as not to give myself away should he use this part.

I found the tape inside the wardrobe left over
from our adventure into bondage before.
The doll’s body now deflated and cut open at
the rear, lay there resembling a crime scene I expected to see the chalk
outline around “her” body. I quickly rushed into the bathroom and applied
talcum powder over my body, I had read this in one of his magazines about
people wearing latex, he said that it was left over from an old girlfriend
of his that was into that stuff, but I had my doubts. Once done I moved
back into the bedroom and picked up the doll, I sat on the edge of the
bed and placed my foot inside the doll, the latex felt cool and
clammy against my skin, I pushed my foot down into the leg opening until
it reached near the foot. It was a bit tighter than I’d thought it would
be but I was determined to carry on. I bunched up the leg part and pulled
it over my foot until it popped into place, the dolls foot was indeed the
same size as mine.

I then placed my other foot down into the other
leg and pushed it home until it too popped into place within the latex
confines. It felt good, the latex closed in around my legs and feet just
like a second skin. Now I had to slide it over my hips and bottom, I thought
that this would be hard; all women think that their bottoms are too big!
Its just part of female psyche. Maybe it was the cut up the back or not
but it slipped easily over my hips and up onto my waist, again the latex
clung to my skin. It was beginning to feel deliciously warm and cosy within
its grasp.

My hands and arms where next, placing my left
hand within the dolls arm I pushed downwards whilst holding its shoulder
with my other hand, it slid down into the glove without too much trouble
and again seemed to pop into place. I looked over the arm at the latex
covering me it seemed to adapt to my body shape, close in onto my skin.
I continued with my right hand until my right arm was also covered in the
latex. Whether it was the tight feel of the latex or the thought of what
would be happening later, I began to get very turned on, a warm tingly
sensation ran throughout my body, my sex felt as though it were on fire
and I had to stop myself from playing with it to douse the flames.

Now I stood covered from my chest down to my toes
in latex, the dolls head hung limply at the front, I reached down between
my legs and pushed the remaining part of the dolls sex within me, just
an inch or two within me just to look the part. Then I began to reach around
behind me, my mind split into two whether I wanted this part to happen,
summoning up my courage I pushed the tube into my rear, it slid within
me fairly easily which was a great shock to me, I wondered if he’d use
me there.  Now all that was left to do was to place my head inside
the doll and I would be nearly ready.

I looked down at the head and made sure that the
holes for my nose and mouth would be sufficient for me to breathe through,
also that the small opening in the eyes would allow me to see him. Satisfied
I grabbed hold of both side of the head with my latex coated hands and
pulled it over my face, up over the top of my head until it had popped
into place, a few minor adjustments, lining up the hole and placing the
mouthpiece within me and I was done. Covered head to toe in the latex doll.
Now for the tape to seal me within.

Picking up the tape & scissors I cut several
strips from the roll, as I would be unable to handle more than a foot of
tape at a time. I had to return to the bathroom to use the mirror to place
the tape correctly. I started at the top and sealed the back of my neck
to between my shoulders first. I tried to make it as tight as possible
so as to look realistic, it wasn’t easy at first but I soon managed to achieve
the desired effect. Working my way downwards the hardest part was my mid-back
area which was difficult to reach, but after spending some time struggling
I managed to close this area. When finished I looked at my latex coated
self in the mirror, my mouth now forming the familiar “O” shape as was
the dolls, my new skin gleaming in the light, smooth against my ‘inner’
skin,  Now looking back at me in the reflection was the doll, she
looked just like I’d seen her in the bedroom, her eyes staring back at
me, I’d become “her”.

I ran my hands over my new flesh, the sensations
seemed more extreme than before, heightened to a new level, as my hands
touched my sex I seemed to have a mini orgasm as my body shuddered and
my legs felt weak. I had to sit on the edge of the bath to recover. After
a few minutes I stood up and returned to the bedroom, satisfied with the
job I’d done to convert myself into this plaything, every move of my body
seemed to play on my skin, my body was now very sensitive to touch.

It was now getting closer to the time when he’d
be returning from work, so I decided to get myself into place ready for
his return. The doll had been laying there with one leg on the bed and
one off over the side, I tried to replicate this position, but after a
short while my leg started to ache so I decided that I would chance that
he would not remember how he’d left “her” that morning. He would not be
expecting me home for a couple of days yet, so I doubted if he would put
“her” away just yet. I arranged myself on the bed into a comfortable position
and spread my legs as far as the doll had been. Laying there on my back
just trying to stay still was hard at first but I started to doze and my
body just seemed to relax, just before I fell into a deep sleep.

Whether it was my orgasm or the trip but I had
fallen into such a deep sleep that I didn’t hear him return home, I had
been dreaming about being used sexually by several people whilst dressed
as this doll when I was disturbed by him sitting down on the bed. I opened
my eyes startled at being woken so fast from a deep sleep, I very nearly
let out a cry but remembered in time to stifle it. It was dark outside,
I could just see an outline in the corner of my vision, I could not move
my head otherwise I would give myself away. I lay there still as possible,
trying to slow down my breathing as I wanted to give no indication that
I was here or that the doll was indeed ALIVE!

I enjoy bondage and this to me seemed to another
form of self imposed bondage, just laying here not daring to move, not
wishing to move, it was as though my limbs, indeed my entire body was tied
to the bed, fixed solidly to the mattress, more so than by mere rope would
have done. But as it turned out I needed have worried on my part as he’d
been out drinking with his workmates and had returned home late, while
not drunk and incapable his senses were impaired.

He climbed into bed, my heart thumping with excitement
and my sex becoming warm & moist at the thought of sex. He lay there
next to me for a while before I felt his hands move, he seemed to be playing
with himself and I had visions of him masturbating himself before going
to sleep and not using me, but just before I began to move he rolled over
in my direction & climbed on top of me. He did not seem to notice that
his inflatable doll was now a solid living object and I felt him slip inside
my now very wet love hole. He began to pump himself inside me, I resisted
all urges to place my arms and legs around him, as I would normally do
during lovemaking, I wanted to be his sexdoll, just used for his sexual
gratification.

I could feel him inside me as he pumped himself
within my sex, then his penis began to swell within me and I knew that
it would not be long before his climax. I began to relish the prospect
of his seed splashing within me, but to my surprise and amazement as he
came I also came too, I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life
at that point, my whole body seemed to go into spasm. He continued pumping
into me until his climax subsided and he lay there on top of me as I continued
with mine, then he climbed off of me and rolled over to go to sleep without
another thought of me. I was in bliss; this was exactly how I’d imagined
it would be like. I lay there in my afterglow, not moving a muscle, as
I did not want the feeling to subside too quickly. I closed my eyes, relaxed
and drifted off back into a deep sleep.

It wasn’t until morning that I awoke, I was startled
by him moving in the bed, he was sitting up with his feet on the floor
ready to get up when I made a sound, he was startled and quickly turned
his head in my direction and looked at his sexdoll. I don’t know what thoughts
went through his mind, but he quickly jumped off the bed, turned and shook
his head in disbelief. I couldn’t help but smile inside the doll and tried
to remain still but as he looked closer he could see my chest moving as
I breathed. I moved my head in his direction and watched as he jumped backwards,
nearly tripping over his clothes on the floor. With a look of horror on
his face he approached the bed again and it wasn’t until I spoke that it
shook him out of his stupor.

As he got closer I reached up with my latex coated
arms to pull him towards me, down onto the bed so that he was now lying
on his back with me above him. I moved my head down over his body and was
soon enjoying the taste of his penis within my mouth. He started to react
to my playing with his penis and soon it was hard, I had this irresistible
urge to taste his come and nothing would stop me from achieving this goal.
It seemed to be my only thought, he tried to sit up but I pushed him back
down on the bed, he didn’t talk or attempt to say anything. I felt him
swell within my mouth and his hands reach down and held me on either side
of my head as his sperm gushed within my mouth, I had to quickly swallow
every drop, trying to breath as he squirted down the back of my throat.
It just seemed to be the thing I most craved and was disappointed when
he’d stopped.

Satisfied with myself that I had pleased him,
I laid beside him with my latex coated arms encircled about his body. He
seemed hesitant to talk, maybe he thought he was dreaming that his sexdoll
had sprung to life, maybe he was afraid it would end. It wasn’t until I
spoke that he seemed to relax. I said, “Good morning, darling, surprised?”
He stuttered at first then asked me why?

I told him about my plans to return early and
surprise him by him finding me in his bed clad only in sheer lingerie,
my plans for his seduction and then finding this doll lying on his bed.
How I’d thought of this way of surprising him and asked if he’d liked it.
He began by sitting up, as he did so I rolled
onto my back for him to examine me. He ran his hands over my latex coated
body, looking at me lying there, then he asked me why again?

I said that after finding the doll I wanted to
see for myself how it would feel to be used as a sex toy, I could not explain
what motivated me to do this other than seeing “her” on the bed, the thoughts
had just flashed into my head. He then asked me to roll over to show him
how I’d got inside the doll, this turned out to be a trick on his part
for as I rolled over to lay on my front, he quickly climbed on top of me
and said that as I was now his sexdoll to use how he pleased, I should
experience all the pleasures of its anatomy.

I could feel his erection pushing against my latex
coated bottom, he pushed me down into the bed and pressed his now erect
member against my rear hole. What with my saliva clinging to the outside
of his penis or whatever but he slipped inside me easily and began using
me for his delight whilst holding me down. Not that I wanted to move or
resist, this just felt right and I wondered why I hadn’t done this before.
But now I was beginning to enjoy this, every movement of his body against
mine seemed to send flashes of pleasure through me. I was now his to use
for his pleasure and when he came within my rear I felt not only joy but
also experienced what felt like an orgasm, but could this be possible?

As we lay there I did not want him to pull out,
I wanted to remain connected for as long as possible but all good moments
must end and he pulled out and got off the bed. He was unsure what my reaction
would be to this event, for myself I could not move nor did I want to,
I was in heaven, I had enjoyed being used as his sex toy.

He got off the bed as I lay there dreaming, not
fully focused, he left me there as he went into the kitchen to prepare
breakfast, while I drifted he’d called work to say he would not be in today.
He returned carrying a tray with breakfast and coffee for us both, I rolled
over and he asked me if I wanted any help in getting out of the latex.
I declined his offer and said that I’d like to stay inside the doll for
a while longer, maybe for some more fun too!

After breakfast we lay around on the bed talking
about various things including my trip but the conversation soon drifted
back to the doll and me. I said that as I’d destroyed his doll I would
replace it for him. He said literally! I laughed and nodded in agreement
and said that anytime he felt the need to use his sexdoll that he should
tell me. I continued saying that I’d loved the feel of the latex on my
skin and being used by him too. He said that he was beginning to get that
urge right now! I rolled onto my back and laid there as he climbed back
on top of me, entering me and using me for his pleasure.

**\* \* \* \_**_

_During the next two weeks if I wasn’t already
staying at his place, he’d call me on the phone at work and ask me to come
over and perform my little service. Each time I heard him ask me my heart
would go into palpitations and I would become moist between my legs. I
could say I was beginning to get addicted to this, every time we made love
I always placed myself within the doll either physically or mentally when
we were just making love normally. The first time he tried to seal me inside
the doll, he had trouble with the tape, he said that there must be an easier
way than this, maybe he has two thumbs but taken the time I’d never had
a great deal of trouble, but he said that he’d look into it._

_At the weekend we decided I would spend all day
Sunday as the doll, I couldn’t be there Saturday due to other commitments
so was pleasantly surprise when I arrived late Saturday evening to find
that he’d put a zip fastener in the rear opening. As I climbed into the
doll, my limbs slipped easier into the latex, maybe due to practise or
the doll adjusting to my size, but it fitted me better than before. Now
he reached behind me and pulled the zipper closed and it wasn’t until he
reached the back of my neck that I heard the click of a lock. I was secured
within the doll now until he decided to release me, he showed me the key
and said that he’d also had the lock installed along with the zip._

_It felt delicious being in his control, I again
was his love toy to use as he saw fit, for his own pleasure. I was now
totally enclosed within the latex until such time as he wished to release
me. I was pushed back onto the bed and he quickly followed me down, it
wasn’t long before he was pushing his member deep within me, the sensations
building up within to fever pitch. We both climaxed at the same time, mine
seemed to go on forever, he’d stopped moving and laid there on top of me
as my orgasm continued. Finally it subsided and we both drifted off into
sleep, during the night he woke and again used me for his pleasure, it
was sheer bliss._

_I remained enclosed within the doll all day Sunday,
most of the time lying on the bed unmoving, I felt as though I was tied
down to the bed, but in reality I just didn’t want to move. He would come
in every so often to check on me and use me whilst I lay there. It wasn’t
until very late in the afternoon that I moved off of the bed, I found him
in front of his computer surfing porno sites, he said that he was looking
for some ideas to use on me, we sat there together looking at the images.
I suggested we look over at some latex sites, seeing that’s what I was
wearing they may have something suitable there._

_We’d been through several sites and I’d mention
the ones that interested me, some the ladies were totally bound head to
toes, some wrapped but all clearly enjoying themselves. I was getting incredibly
turned on at this point and slipped off of my chair down onto the floor
on my knees. I made my way under the table to his lap, undoing his bathrobe
I slipped my hands around his limp member moving them up & down to
bring some life back into it. This was shortly followed by my mouth gently
running my tongue around his now stiffening rod, I could taste our sex
mingled together on his penis. He moaned in pleasure, he continued to look
at the screen whilst my mouth did its magic on him; too soon his hands
dropped down and held my head as he spurted his come in my mouth._

_He said his penis was starting to get sore from
all this attention and that he would have to put me out of the way for
a while until he recovered. He disappeared into the kitchen and held something
behind his back when he returned. He asked me to stand, I did so not quite
sure of what was to come next, but he reassured me that I would enjoy this.
He walked behind me and I heard the distinctive
ripping of cling film off a roll as he started to encircle me, enclosing
me within its grasp. He continued until I was covered from neck to feet
in its clear grip, he left and returned from the kitchen with more wrap,
he continued until I had three layers of film around my body. He asked
me how’d I feel? I couldn’t answer straight away but said, "...excellent"._

_Now he started to wrap around my head, making
sure that I could breathe through my nose, he continued until my entire
head was covered with just a small hole under my nose to breath through.
I was wrapped tightly and could not move a muscle, he bent down in front
of me and placed me over his shoulder, carrying me into the bedroom and dropping
me down onto the bed. He pulled my bound form up into the middle of the
bed, and then got some rope out of the bottom of the bedroom cupboard.
I was then secured to the bed, not only was I now enclosed in the latex
doll, but wrapped very tightly within the cling film and tied down to the
bed, unable to move a muscle. He left me saying enjoy yourself, how?_

_It was much later that he came in to release me
from my bondage; again he used me for his pleasure taking me from behind
again. He seemed to fill me more so than before I suppose due to my previous
bondage, but my orgasm was out of this world. I seemed to be growing more
into the latex doll the more I remained within it, my mind seemed to be
taken over, I was enjoying the experience more. I stayed the rest of the
night within the doll and was used by him early the next morning before
he’d let me out._

_During the week we were both very busy at work
so we didn’t see each other, I missed not being enclosed within the latex
doll, I seemed to be developing a craving for the latex. I called into
an adult store on my way home one night. I have never been inside on before;
I had visions of dirty old men in raincoats thumbing through magazines
with girls in various stages of undress and positions unimaginable. But
was surprised to find that this store was run by a young female, the atmosphere
was pleasant and the place was well lit. I went bright red in the face
when she walked over and asked if she could help me. I at first stuttered
then blurted out something about latex. She held my arm and said not to
worry, it’s okay to be here, don’t feel embarrassed._

_She lead me over to racks of clothing, I could
smell the latex from a distance, she explained various items as she withdrew
them from the rack, from catsuits to straitjackets she seemed to have them
all. I liked the feel and the look of one particular catsuit and asked
if she had it in my size, she said yes and asked if I would like to try
it on. I again stuttered and considered heading for the exit, but she ushered
me towards the changing room, she pulled the curtain closed telling me
to take off my dress while she retrieved my size._

_When she returned I was just folding my dress
over the back of the chair, she said that I needed to take off everything
except my panties, I was extremely embarrassed at this but the thought
of wearing the latex overcame my fears. Soon she was helping me get into
the catsuit, it was black in colour and had a gloss sheen to the outside,
it felt great as it slid up my legs, my mind slipped back to being enclosed
within the doll, I could feel my pussy becoming wetter as the suit slipped
over my body. I just had to buy this and once it was fully on and zipped
closed I knew that this was what I was looking for.
I walked about the room looking at myself in
the mirror; the assistant disappeared outside and returned with some more
latex in her hand. She said that the hood would complete the outfit, I
sat down as she slid it down over my head, closing the zipper at the back,
it was nice & tight enclosed totally within the latex._

_I just had to buy this, she asked if I would like
to see some other items that would compliment the suit. I ended up not
only purchasing the suit complete with hood but also some locks to secure
me within, a vibrating dildo and butt plug, leather cuffs for both wrists
and ankles and a penis gag. I couldn’t wait to get home to try everything
out and left the store wearing the catsuit under my coat. It was deliciously
wicked of me to venture outside covered in latex. As soon as I arrived
home I sorted through my new goodies and was soon suitably bound within
the latex catsuit and hood, my two holes below plugged and vibrating nicely,
my lips stretched around the gag. Bound and squirming on my bed on to several
intense orgasms that night._

_I awoke in the morning, I’d managed to untie myself
before drifting off to sleep but the gag and plugs were still in place
inside me, now run down, their batteries used and spent, just like how my
body felt. I got off the bed and walked my latex clad body into the bathroom,
where I started to run a bath to ease my aching body before work. I removed
each item carefully and placed them within the sink, I would attend to
them later. Now taking off the latex hood, my hair a matted mess flat against
my head, next off came the suit. As I lay there in the bath I reflected
on the few hours I’d spent self bound within the latex, my hand drifting
down to my pleasure centre, playing there as I relived last night, my climax
came fast and furious. As I came back down to earth as my body recovered,
I thought to myself that I would definitely have to have to have a repeat
performance of last night._

_**\_ \* \* \_**_

_It was Friday afternoon that he rang me at work
and asked me to come directly to his place after work. He wouldn’t elaborate
but said that I would enjoy myself. My tummy went into back flips at the
thought of what might happen, I was certain that I would definitely enjoy
myself. I hurried to get through my work, my mind drifting off onto what
would be happening later. I decided to finish early and rang him back to
tell him so, he agreed to meet me early and have a drink before heading
home. Once we were together in the bar I kept asking what he had in store
for me this weekend, he refused to answer other than to say that I would
be enclosed and maybe bound all weekend._

_We eventually arrived back at his place and it
wasn’t long before I was naked and getting dressed within the doll, he
secured the zip and locked me within the doll. Now I was his again, ready
for use, for his pleasure. He said that would come later and that he had
something to show me in the bedroom, it was a surprise that he’d worked
on all week. He placed a blindfold over my eyes and then led me through
his apartment and into his bedroom, when he had put me in the right spot
he removed the blindfold and pointed to the floor. There lay a large pink
box about 5 feet in length and about 1 ½ wide, the lid was mostly
made up of clear cellophane with a banner going diagonally across the middle,
it read “Cindy, Latex Love Doll” in gold and blue letters. He moved me
forward and pulled off the top, the base had sides that were also overed
by the lid. To me it looked like a Barbie dolls box, he said that he’d
made it for me, now that I was to be his sexdoll I just had to have a box
to contain me._

_Once the top was clear I could see several straps
inside, he pointed these out saying that they would be used to secure me
inside. Me, inside that box, my tummy was doing back flips, my mind was
going in two directions, run or stay. I decided that I should stay; I was
inside the sexdoll, one of my favourite things in the world at this moment.
The feel of the latex took hold; I’d stay and let him do whatever he wanted
to me. As I’d promised that I would be his love doll whenever he asked.
I asked about the Cindy part on the lid, he said that he would be calling
me Cindy whilst I was within the doll, not only was I his totally but now
my identity would be altered when coated in latex._

_He helped me lay down in the box, it fitted me
snugly, and he said that he didn’t want to make it too big for me, he wanted
a tight fit. Inside the box I adjusted myself into a comfortable position
and when ready he started to strap me down to the box. Each arm and leg
was secured separately, along with one around my waist and just above my
breasts, then he placed one over my neck, just to hold my head in place
he said. Once all the straps were tightened he asked me how I felt, strangely
enough I felt contented to be here, an inner peace or calm overcame me,
then my body started to react again to the latex, a warm tingly feeling
came over me, my sex became moist and the butterflies started dancing in
my stomach._

_He asked me if I was okay and did I want to continue,
I said, “Yes, please!” With that he picked up the lid and placed it back
over the base and pushed it home. As the clear plastic closed down on me
I could make out the broad smile on his face, this pleased me that I had
made him happy. He said that he would leave me in the box for a while,
but if I had any problems just shout and he would hear me. He’d taken several
photos whilst placing me within the box, strapping me down and now with
the lid on several more of me enclosed within my new box, his love toy._

_As I lay there in the box after he’d left I could
not shake the feeling growing within me of an impending climax very slowly
climbing up within my body. After what seemed like several hours, but turned
out only to be just over one I had my first orgasm. It was sheer bliss,
I had not moved, I had not been touched in any way other than the latex
and the straps holding me down. How it happened I don’t know. My cries
made whilst in the midst of climax made him come running, he’d thought
I was in some trouble and was ready to drag me out of the box. After removing
the lid he looked in at his sexdoll, she was breathing hard and he asked
if I was okay. I told him about what had just swept over me and he was
amazed too. He then asked if I wanted to continue, I said yes._

_An hour later he again came into the bedroom and
removed the lid, this time he started removing the straps stating that
it was time for his fun now. He lifted me from the box, my body limp like
a rag doll as he placed me down on the bed, he quickly underdressed and
was soon on top of me, his penis buried deep within my very wet hole. He
didn’t seem to take long to finish; we must have both been incredibly turned
on to have climaxed within that short time. As he lay there next to me
on the bed he asked how I felt about the box. I said that I loved being
his sex toy and the box was a bonus, I thanked him for being so clever
to make it for me. I also hoped that I would be put back inside at some
point, I felt a need to be kept inside._

_With that he jumped up off the bed and picking
me up lowered my latex covered body back down into the box, as he replaced
the straps he smiled at me, he said that he was really pleased that I’d
liked the box, he’d planned to keep me in it most of the weekend. My heart leaped at the prospect of being bound
and enclosed as his toy all weekend, as the straps tightened I started
to feel the start of another climax building deep within me, it was going
to be a long night. Once tightly bound he said “goodnight, see you in the
morning!” and kissed my latex forehead, then he replaced the lid. Now I
was just an object again, a love toy ready for use, it was delicious._

_In the morning I was let out to be used again
by him, most of the morning was spent with me laying around his apartment
still covered in latex, he would use me occasionally whenever the mood
took him. I was loving every moment. Just before lunch he approached me
and unlocked me from the doll, I was allowed to shower and relax for a
couple of hours free of any restraint. We had a light lunch then we made
love together on the kitchen floor before I asked him to place me back
in the box._

_He said that he would do anything to please me,
so shortly afterwards I was redressed in the doll, the lock secured behind
my neck and carried back into the bedroom, there placed back within the
box, strapped down and the lid closed. He asked if I was okay, I asked
if he could push the box under the bed, just as he would with a real toy.
I could see a broad smile appear as he bent down and lifted the bedclothes
and shoved the box with me inside under the bed. He spent the afternoon
lazing around the apartment, taking a few phone calls, whilst I lay squirming
within the confines of the box, experiencing several orgasms._

_During the evening he came into the bedroom and
removed the box from under the bed, I was again released from its confines.
He picked me up and pushed me over onto the bed, my tummy lying against
the mattress and my legs on the floor. This time he knelt down behind me
and entered my rear without muttering a word, just grunting his pleasure
into me. I hadn’t come this time and was pleased that he was satisfied
with me. Again his pleasure was all that mattered to me,
I’d had several already this afternoon so I didn’t mind._

_After he rolled me onto the bed and asked me what
I wished to happen to me now, I wanted to go back in the box; I craved
the feel of being enclosed, to be taken whenever he felt the need. He said
that he would be going out for a short while; some buddies had asked him
out. I said that I didn’t mind him leaving me; I wanted him to treat me
as his sexual plaything, use me whenever he wanted and discard me thereafter
when he’d finished. He seemed very pleased at this; I was soon packed away
back in the box, secure in my straps and again the box pushed under the
bed. I could hear him getting ready to go out and just before he left he
again asked if I was okay._

_Several hours had gone by, I’d drifted off to
sleep when I heard a noise from the other room, it sounded as though several
of his buddies had come back to party. He came in to check up on me briefly,
I said I was okay and to leave me here. I lay there listening to the noise,
until after a couple of hours all seemed to go quiet. It was then that
I heard the bedroom door quietly open and footsteps enter the room, I heard
two bodies sit or fall onto the bed above me, then muffled voices one was
female, the other sounded like my boyfriend and they started making love
right there above me. They both seemed very intense and their foreplay
was short lived as they began moving into each other, they seemed to last
for half an hour at least, before finally climaxing. I was peeved to say
the least, lying here bound under the bed, as he made out with some other
female above me. I was getting to be very angry as they continued but also
getting very turned on too and it wasn’t long after that I climaxed too._

_If it wasn’t for the fact that I was securely
bound within the box and placed under the bed I would have gotten out to
confront them, but then again how would my embarrassment be with me clad
in a latex doll. I decided to confront him in the morning whenever he’d
let me out. Lucky for me I slept on it as come the morning I heard voices,
my boyfriend was waking up the two people above me. It seemed that his
friends had used his bed whilst he’d fallen asleep beforehand on the couch,
they quickly got dressed, apologised for using his bed and left._

_Once he’d gotten rid of the others who’d fallen
asleep at the party, cooking them breakfast, they had all finally left
by midday. I was bursting within my latex body; I really needed the bathroom
very quickly. He pulled the box from under the bed, removed the straps
and lifted me out of the box. He checked that I was okay and carried me
towards the bathroom, after helping me out of the suit he left me sitting
on the toilet as he ran a bath for me. I lay there relaxing as he brought
me breakfast and insisted on feeding me as I lay there within the bath._

_The rest of the day he felt so guilty about leaving
me bound for so long, he would do anything for me, I was massaged from
my neck to my toes, he brought me warm drinks and made sure that I was
comfortable, guilt can be such a wonderful thing sometimes.
I told him about the couple making love on the
bed above me, how it had sounded like him. He told me it was his younger
brother and his girlfriend, they’d taken the opportunity to use the bedroom
after he’d fallen asleep on the couch. I told him how incredibly turned
on I’d felt when I thought it was him using the woman with me laying below._

_He said that he would never cheat on me, no matter
what the circumstances, he continued to say that he loved me deeply and
would not do anything to hurt me. I cuddled up to him and we eventually
made love on the couch, it was sheer bliss._

_Later on in the early evening he asked me what
I wished to do now, I said that it would be good if we could finish off
the weekend as planned with me back inside the doll. My craving was starting
to get to me again, he lifted me off of the couch and carried me into the
bedroom, where soon I was back inside the latex, he used me as he pleased
and placed me back inside my box. He left me inside for a couple of hours
before bringing me out to use again._

_That was how I’d spent my first weekend in the
box, dressed up as his love doll. I loved every moment of it and my heart
would leap thereafter when he mentioned that he wanted me to be his sexdoll,
for his pleasure, his delight. I have spent many other weekends inside
the box or just playing his love doll but that’s another story._

_Story continues in **[Part Two](cindy2.html)_*
