---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bitchboy
authors:
- slavelocked
tags:
- F+/m
- F/m
- MF/m
- mpov
- hum
- bond
- chastity
- blindfold
- oral
- piercing
- straps
- gag
- slave
- buttplug
- cuckold
- tease
- denial
- sex
- mast
- armbinder
- reluct
- nc
- XXX
date: 2024-12-22 00:00:00
---

I tried to stand completely still as I strained against the tight armbinder watching the huge dog eat the food in his bowl, I was desperate not to distract him from his meal.

You see, his leash was secured tightly to my balls.

As I whimpered into the cock shaped gag strapped into my mouth I watched the bunch of brightly colored party balloons that swayed gently next to me straining against the string that I currently stood on, and the shiny key tied to them. I frantically tried to think of any way out of my predicament, nothing came to mind.

I was truly fucked.

I strained against the armbinder again but it felt like my arms were welded together behind my back without the smallest amount of give, and I thought about how I'd ended up in this situation in the first place.

It had all started with Molly, or rather Mistress Molly as she preferred to be called.

I'd had a wide kinky streak for years, mostly as a Dominant. I'd had a few 24/7 collared slaves over those years. I'd enjoyed turning them into obedient little cock suckers and domestic servants around my house. I just LOVED humiliating and degrading them.

When they'd had enough or I got bored with them I moved on. Life was good. Maybe I was a douchebag but I was a happy one.

Mostly on a lark I'd decide to find a Domme to play with after the relationship with my last submissive had self-destructed. I hadn't meant for it to be a permanent switch, I just thought it might make me a more effective Dom if I had a better understanding of life on the other end of the leash. Man oh man, did I ever get a better understanding of submission under Mistress Molly.

She was a cute little redhead with a cute round ass and perky tits, she wasn't beautiful but cute in a Janis Joplin kind of way. We'd met online, I saw her profile was local and sent her a message and we met for coffee. Things snowballed fast after that.

She was big into chastity, she locked me into a plastic cock cage after during one of our first play sessions, it was comfortable as a cock cage can ever be and I had an emergency key sealed in a little keyholder secured with a numbered plastic lock to keep with me for emergencies.

She kept me in that thing for three months, edging me a few times a week with me tied to the bed while she rode my face to countless orgasms, and prostate-milked me about once a month or so.

For those 3 months I never even got to see my cock uncaged, my sight was either blocked by the blindfold she put on me for edgings or her beautiful bottom end as she rode my face. By the time I was able to look down at my crotch each time she'd already locked me back up in the cock cage; that really began to fuck with my head.

I'd always been fairly proud of my cock, the girth was average but it was nearly 9 inches long. I'd always gotten good reviews from the ladies I'd enjoyed with it.

Mistress Molly called it her little dicklette.

She'd laugh while she rode my face and edged me to the point of insanity, teasing me about having a small cock and that it should be kept locked because a cock that small could never please a woman as well as my tongue could.

I knew she was gaslighting me, I knew better. I mean I have a big cock, right?

Never being able to actually SEE my cock when it was hard was really getting to me, I was starting to really worry that being locked in that little cage was shrinking it or something and in my heart I still saw myself as a big-dicked dominant man.

She started telling me how cute her little dicklette would look with a shiny Prince Albert piercing while she'd ride my face and edge me, I was NOT keen on the idea.

"The thought of seeing your dicklette cum around a shiny ring is SO FUCKING HOT TO ME, just seeing it cum all plain like this just bores me," she'd say.

After three months of not having a satisfying orgasm with constant teasing I was getting absolutely desperate to cum, I finally agreed to get pierced if it meant a chance to finally cum.

Mistress Molly set up an appointment with a friend of hers who was a piercer and tattoo artist and had a studio in a pretty seedy part of town. We showed up after hours and I was sweating bullets.

We were let into the waiting room by a large woman whose huge sagging breasts and hairy armpits were threatening to spill out of the stained tank-top she wore.

"This is Ruth," Mistress Molly said, "But you will address her as MISS Ruth, and you will do EXACTLY what she says."

With a grin the big woman said, "strip down with your legs spread hands behind your head boy, lets see what I'm working with." Moments later I was stood as she directed in nothing but my plastic cock cage, blushing from embarrassment.

Cupping my balls and turning my package to look from several angles, Miss Ruth chuckled and said, "I can see why you keep him locked Molly, his dick is nothing to write home about." My cheeks burned with shame as I thought, "My cock isn't little!" to myself.

"Well let’s get this bitch on the table," Miss Ruth laughed, and I soon found myself strapped down hand and foot helplessly on a padded table. Mistress Molly rummaged around in her purse and came out with her favorite gag, which I HATED!

It was shaped like a cock about 4 inches long and FAT, when she strapped it in any attempt to talk triggered my gag reflex to keep me effectively silent.

Then the blindfold went on, I was terrified. I felt the cool air wash over my cock as the hated cage was taken off for the first time in ages; it felt just wonderful.

As Miss Ruth wiped down my cock with something tingly that smelled of antiseptic she asked, "you sure you want to start this big Molly? I usually do a PA at just a 10 gauge ring or so to start off. Starting this big is going to hurt like a bitch and take a long time to heal."

"Yes," Mistress Molly relied, "He can take it, and I don't want to fuck around for months trying to stretch it out."

Now I was really freaking out, but I was helplessly strapped down and the gag prevented me from making much of a protest. A moment later I felt a searing pain in my dick, I tried to scream but the cock gag pretty well made that impossible. While I lay sweating on the table I heard Mistress Molly say, "here's his new cage, Ruth."

"NEW CAGE? WHAT THE FUCK IS SHE TALKING ABOUT?" I thought. I desperately tried to get up from the table or shout a protest but both were impossible. I felt more pain as something was put through my newly pierced dick, then I felt cold metal compressing my abused member as a new cage was fitted.

"Keep in mind Molly, the piercing can't be taken out until it heals, and that will take a few months," Miss Ruth said, "if you lock him like this you gotta keep him locked all that time."

"Alright then," Miss Ruth chuckled, "enjoy your new cock cage, bitchboy," and I heard a "click".

"BITCHBOY!" Mistress Molly laughed, "I LOVE that! I think that's what I'm calling him from now on! Ruth It's PERFECT!"

They chatted for a bit while I lay there, still strapped to the table, and silently suffered, while my mind raced. What the fuck had I let myself become? After a while Mistress Molly cupped my aching package and said, "I'm going to run out for a couple of drinks, bitchboy," she giggled a little when she used that name "I'm going to leave you here with Ruth to calm down a little. She doesn't have the keys and wouldn't give them to you even if she did. Remember I told you to do EVERYTHING she says, any command she gives you is to be obeyed without question. If she isn't completely satisfied with your service I guarantee you'll regret it. I'll be back for you later." After a few more minutes talking to Miss Ruth I heard the door open and close and she was gone.

As soon as Mistress Molly was gone Miss Ruth chuckled and said, "before I take that gag out and let you up, let me explain the facts of your new life, bitchboy."

"The Cage currently locked on your little dick is titanium, and the lock is the most complicated little fucker I've ever seen. The good news is, it's light as a feather, and the bad news is you won't pick that lock; you can't cut off the cage either without mutilating that little dick of yours. I'd say you're pretty well fucked unless ol' Molly decides to unlock you. Now I'm gonna let you up and take out that gag. If you yell, cuss, threaten, or do anything other than do anything I say then I'll just tell ol' Molly she oughtta just flush those keys down the nearest toilet. Nod if you understand."

I nodded as much as the straps would allow and she slowly removed my restraints, I stood shakily as she unbuckled the gag.

As I was trying to get my aching jaw to work again Miss Ruth stepped back and said.

"My kitty hasn't had any attention for too long," and she started to take off her stained jeans.

She pulled down her skid-marked panties, exposing the hairiest pussy I'd ever seen and said "On your knees bitchboy and start licking like your dick depends on it, because it DOES!"

"Yes, Miss Ruth," and I dropped to my knees as she settled into a chair, and I was faced with her hairy snatch. I started licking, I had no choice. Given a choice I would have never fucked this woman in a million years much less eaten her snatch, but now I licked that pussy like she was Miss America. The smell was musty and stale, it was a matted sweaty mess and God only knows when she washed it last. The taste I don't want to talk about. After months of not seeing much less tasting any pussy except Mistress Molly’s shaven snatch, this was a shock.

Her juices streamed down my chin as she grabbed my hair and pushed my face deeper, it went on for what seemed like forever.

Finally after she'd came more times than I could count she pushed me back and laughed, "Not bad bitchboy, I'll give Molly a glowing report! Now wipe the cunt juice off your face and make yourself useful and sweep up the place, there's a broom in the corner."

A couple of hours later I was sweeping the floor as I heard Mistress Molly come in, she'd obviously had a few drinks and was a rumpled mess with tousled hair.

She ignored me and went to talk to Miss Ruth.

"I'm sorry I was gone so long, I hope bitchboy behaved himself." she said with a giggle.

"He did," Miss Ruth said, "after I got done with his tongue I put him to work cleaning up, maybe you oughtta get him a maid’s uniform!" They both burst out laughing.

"Nah" Mistress Molly said, "He hates being kept naked all the time… so I prefer him naked."

"The bar was busy tonight, lots of hot guys," she said with a grin.

"Which bar and what fucking guys?" I wondered, but didn't dare ask, I kept sweeping.

"I went out back with Tom… Oh Ruth, he is SO fucking hot!" Mistress Molly told her friend with a giggle, "He fucked me so hard I nearly passed out!"

"Glad you have fun honey, but it's late and I wanna close up and crash. Why don't you take bitchboy here and head home?" Miss Ruth said with a grin.

Mistress Molly walked over to me, a smile all over her face. "Get dressed bitchboy, now that you have your chores for Ruth done I wanna go home and sleep for about a week."

I put away the broom and gathered my clothes, as I got dressed I asked as politely as I could. "Mistress Molly, may I please talk to you about the keys to this cock cage?"

"Nothing to talk about, I left them with Tom for now. I was afraid you'd make some kind of silly scene. I'll get the keys back when I need them, anyway you're not due for an unlocking for about six months. Tom is so sweet to keep them for me, and he has such a wonderfully big cock! Nothing like your little dicklette," she said.

I lost it. "I HAVE A BIG COCK! I'M A MAN WITH A BIG COCK! I WON'T STAY LOCKED IN THIS FUCKING THING!" I shouted.

It was a mistake. Mistress Molly's voice went cold, "Correction, make that 8 months BITCHboy. I'll be in the car, don't make me wait." And with that she turned and walked out the door.

Dumbfounded, got dressed without a word and started to leave, but Miss Ruth's voice rang out behind me.

"One last thing little bitchboy, my services aren't free. That'll be $100 for the piercing."

Defeated, I dug out my wallet and paid her. I didn't know what else to do. I could still hear her laughing as I walked out the door. We drove to Mistress Molly’s house in silence.

I knew I had to find a way out of this, things were getting out of control. When we arrived at her house she headed straight in. “I'm tired bitchboy, go home, I'll call for you tomorrow or the next day,” and the door closed behind her.

I stood out there in her yard for a long time, wondering what the fuck I was going to do as my aching cock throbbed in it's cage. It turned out to be four days before Mistress Molly called.

I spent those days trying without success to pick the lock and reading everything I could about titanium. Cutting it off just wasn't an option, I was pretty well fucked. I also closely examined the cock cage.

It was an open design with closely spaced titanium bars, and a ring that snuggly fit behind my balls. I couldn't tell how exactly it was attached but there was a hook that went through the piercing in my cock.

I found out I could wash things well enough in the shower through the bars, and use a Q-tip soaked in antiseptic to care for my new piercing. I was already used to sitting down to piss from my three months of wearing the plastic cage so that wasn't a problem, and I'd stopped waking up from morning wood a month or so ago.

The only things I couldn't do was cum, get hard, or take it off. I was stuck.

When Mistress Molly finally called it was short and sweet. "Come to my house bitchboy," she said and hung up.

I drove over as fast as I could, my heart in my throat as she let me in. "Strip and massage my feet while we talk about your little situation," she commanded as soon as we were inside.

Not wanting to piss her off again I quickly stripped to nothing but the cage and knelt in front of her to rub her feet. She sighed as I began rubbing her feet, and before I could say anything she began. "Before you ask bitchboy the keys aren't here."

When she saw how my eyes dropped she laughed.

"What? did you think you were going to sweet talk me into unlocking you after only a few days? Not fucking likely, that cage wasn't cheap. The way I see it you owe me for that cage, and you'll be working it off. I think three years is fair for a top of the line titanium cock cage custom made to your measurements, the keys are pretty small, say two years for them?"

I was wide eyed and speechless, I had no idea what to say.

"Yes I think that's very fair" she continued, "in three years you'll own the cage, and two years after that you'll get your keys. You can do what you like with them after that but until then you'll be my slave. Life as my slave will be easy, you don't have to think or even speak, you just obey every command I give you."

"Or," she said, "You are free to refuse. Just get dressed and leave. If you do, I'll get a restraining order so you can't come near me, change my number, and you'll never be able to speak to me again. But know this, that cage is inescapable and I'm told the lock is pretty much impossible to pick. If you leave you'll never enjoy another erection for the rest of your life."

She dropped something on the floor in front of me.

"Look at it," she said, "I had it made for you too, no extra charge."

I turned it over in my hands, it was a heavy leather collar with a silver tag hanging from it and a small silver bell. The tag read, "Bitchboy, slave of Mistress Molly".

"Now, either put that on and accept your place or get dressed and get out."

I looked at the collar in my hands, I didn't want to put it on. I didn't want to be a slave, and I damn sure didn't want to spend five fucking years in this fucking cock cage. But if I didn't Molly would be gone from my life, along with any chance of getting the keys. I was fucked either way.

Silently, eyes downcast, I put on the collar.

"Well done bitchboy," Mistress Molly laughed, "welcome to your new life."

The next eight months weren't easy, Mistress Molly almost broke me.

I spent most nights after work at her place, I was rarely at my house for longer than a few minutes. I spent my evenings cooking and cleaning for my new Mistress, her floors and toilet were scrubbed daily and she got fresh sheets every night. I slept on a dog cushion at the foot of her bed, often in some form of bondage.

Mistress Molly started to get into anal play, I was pegged pretty often and until my cock was dripping but it was never enough to really cum. A buttplug was a constant part of my new "uniform".

I'd be tied and whipped when I displeased her, or simply when she felt like it, which was often. She decided I was out of shape, I spent hours on her exercise bike or her treadmill gagged and plugged.

When Mistress Molly went out for drinks she'd often leave me bound and gagged, although a few times she lent me to Miss Ruth for the evening instead. I found out Miss Ruth loved to have her asshole rimmed, I don't want to talk about that.

I got to meet her "friend" Tom, remember Tom? the guy who had my keys? Tom was a big guy, buzzed hair and lots of tattoos. A biker type. Molly and Tom came in drunk from the bars one night as I scrubbed the kitchen floor, I heard Mistress Molly giggling as she yelled, "bitchboy come in here and meet Tom!"

I crawled into the living room to a soundtrack of their laughter, it should have been humiliating but I guess I was used to it by now. I stood by the bed holding their drinks while they fucked, Mistress Molly would occasionally reach over and give my balls a squeeze and they'd laugh. Afterwards Mistress Molly said, "on your knees bitchboy and clean him off, find out what a REAL man tastes like."

This was the most humiliating thing I'd ever done, licking her juices off his cock and balls. His cock was a little bigger than mine had been back when I was a man. He shoved it into my mouth and pretty soon I tasted his salty cum shoot into my mouth as his hairy balls slapped my chin. Digging into his jeans afterwards he got out two crumpled one dollar bills and dropped them on the floor in front of me, "Good job sissyboy."

Mistress Molly LOVED that. "Oh Tom that's perfect, now he's a $2 whore for real. Maybe we should pimp him out for $2 blowjobs for other guys!"

I HAD to find a way out of this!

My days were a blur of foot worship, housework, eating Mollys pussy and ass, sucking Tom’s cock, and occasionally being loaned out to Miss Ruth. I was nearly broken, I obeyed every order without complaint. They even got Miss Ruth to tattoo, "Property of Mistress Molly" on my ass cheek.

My phone had parental controls installed, she could check anything I did on it and see my gps position anytime she liked. I was also made to cancel the phone and internet at my house. My service to Mistress Molly had become my entire life.

Then they got the fucking dog.

Mistress Molly and Tom came home one day while I was making the bed and called me into the room. The dog was a monster, as high as my waist, he was a mutt but I think he had some mastiff in his blood. Mistress Molly said "Isn't he adorable, bitchboy? I named him Dom, as in ‘Dominant’. You know, like you USED to be!" They both laughed at that while I felt my cheeks burn in shame. "Since you're the only one in this house who isn't allowed to be Dominant, the dog’s place in this house is above yours. You'll care for him, feed him, clean up after him, and you're NEVER allowed to scold him! He's an alpha bitchboy, you're obviously not!"

So ‘Dom’ became another chore for me, Mistress Molly and Tom wanted the dog but couldn't be bothered to do the work of caring for him. I washed him, fed him, brushed him, cleaned up his shit. That dog shit bigger than I did. Since I was the only one who wasn't allowed to scold him he obeyed them completely, and completely ignored anything I "asked" him to do. When I was allowed a rare night off to go to my own house I had to take Dom with me, Mistress Molly couldn't be bothered.

In short, life with Dom sucked.

In time my piercing healed and Mistress Molly started edging me again, Sir Tom (Mistress Molly now required me to call Tom ‘Sir’) brought my keys over and they were kept in a safe that they made ME pay for. The edging made things worse. I'd pretty much given up on ever getting sexual release again but being brought to the edge again and again before being locked back up made me a constantly horny dripping mess. Mistress Molly caught whatever dripped out of my tortured dick in her hand and fed it to me before locking me back up, Sir Tom thought that was funny as hell. I was still always blindfolded, I hadn't seen my dick uncaged in nearly a year. I was starting to think there was no way I'd ever escape my slavery.

It was almost exactly a year since I'd first been locked up by Mistress Molly when I finally saw my chance to escape. One night Mistress Molly and Sir Tom came home from the bars while I was cleaning the bathroom, after they fucked they were relaxing naked on the couch passing a joint back and forth while I massaged first her feet and them his. They were both feeling pretty mellow.

"Mistress, Sir," I said, eyes focused on their feet, "I have a Doctor’s appointment tomorrow, I'll be nude for part of it. My Doctor may have questions about the cage."

"I bet he will, bitchboy, questions and a good laugh!" she said as they both laughed. "I don't want many questions about your cage bitchboy, can you cancel the appointment?"

"No Mistress," I said, as I kissed her feet, "It's a requirement for my job."

"Well we can't have you unemployed, I'm sure not paying your bills," she giggled. "You've been broken into a pretty good slave, can I trust you to behave yourself if your little dicklette is unlocked for an hour?" she asked?

Careful to keep my voice steady and not give away my excitement I said "Of course Mistress, I'm happy as your slave." between kisses on each of her toes.

I tried to act completely calm as she got up and walked unsteadily to the safe, opened it, and took out one of the two keys that controlled my entire world. I remained silently on my knees, switching to rubbing and kissing Sir Tom’s dirty feet. She dropped the key on the floor beside me, I couldn't believe this was happening. Mistress Molly was clearly drunk. I tried to remain calm. I couldn't fuck this up.

"Take your cage off in the bathroom at the Doctor’s office before you see him, put it back on right afterwards. Don't fuck this up bitchy, or it won't come off ever again," she slurred.

"I'm tired, I'm going to bed," she said, "suck Tom’s cock awhile, I'm too tired to do it."

With that, Mistress Molly went into the bedroom leaving the precious key gleaming on the floor. I was fucking flabergasted.

I immediately started licking Sir Tom’s balls, I didn't want him thinking about what had just happened. He was fucked up enough he hadn't seemed to pay attention to the scene that had just played out. He ended up wanting his ass rimmed after I'd sucked his cock. I licked that hairy asshole like it tasted like candy, I knew I had to be the perfect slave for this one important night. I thanked him for allowing me the privilege.

Finally after I'd worshipped his ass for at least half an hour he staggered to his feet and headed for bed. "Take the fucking dog with you, bitchboy," he said, " I'm sleeping in tomorrow and I don't want him waking us up." And with that he went to bed.

I knelt there on the floor looking at the key, I could still taste him on my tongue. I was dumbfounded, it didn't seem real. I dressed quietly, collected the dog and the key and left. I was in shock, my mind was racing. Freedom was at my fingertips. Did Mistress Molly even know where I lived? She'd never been to my house or even asked where it was, I didn't know if she'd ever bothered to find it with the GPS tracking on my cell phone.

As I drove along I rolled down my window and threw my phone out into the night, I could get a new one. I'd passed the point of no return. I got home and took the dog inside, and immediately went to my bedroom and stripped to nothing but my collar and the hated cage. I stood there for ages, staring at the key in my hand. Finally I worked up my nerve, and slowly took off the cock cage. My cock sprang to life and for the first time in a year I gazed upon the sight of my cock , erect and dripping with need. I took it in my hand, it only took a couple of strokes before I was shooting a massive load of pent up cum onto the floor. I had never cum so much in my life.

Without even thinking about it I got down on my hands and knees and licked it up, it was just a reflex after all the months of Mistress Molly’s training. Dom watched me as I debased myself exactly as she'd trained me to do; if dogs could laugh he'd have been laughing. My cheeks burned with shame as I realized how conditioned I'd become, the taste of my cum still lingering in my mouth.

I took the collar off, dropped it and the cock cage in my old toy-bag and went to bed. I could still taste the cum in my mouth.

Over the next couple of months I worked to rebuild my life as a free man; I got a stainless ring to wear in the PA piercing to replace the hook on the cage. I intended to get the tattoo on my ass covered or removed but kept putting it off, I dreaded trying to explain it to a tattoo artist.

I intended to find the dog a new owner, but rehoming a dog as big as Dom wasn't easy. The bastard still didn't obey any command I tried to give him, he'd never see me as the alpha of the house. I avoided kink clubs and events, I was terrified of running into Molly or Tom.

I started seeing Lisa, an ex who I'd dumped during an ugly scene when she'd found out I'd cheated on her with a girl she hated. It took some begging, which I'd gotten pretty good at with Mistress Molly.

I'd always kinda regretted fucking things up with Lisa, she was beautiful and smart and fucked like a pornstar. Lisa was amazing, I'd fucked up bad when I drunkenly cheated on her.

Lisa asked me a million questions about the tattoo, I lied and said it happened one night when I was drunk and I didn't even remember who this "Mistress Molly" was. She didn't act like she believed me but she finally dropped it. She also held a grudge about me cheating on her.

One morning when Lisa was there I came out of the shower to find her rummaging through my toy-bag. "What are you doing?" I asked "Just looking, I was curious," she replied without looking up from the bag.

"Remember when you used to tie me up?" she asked, " make me suck your cock, or the time you fucked my ass even though you know I don't like anal?"

"Well I think it's only fair you let me have a turn, I've always wanted to have a guy at my mercy....and you're already naked from the shower.....Please?"

I was hesitant, I'd spent enough time in bondage for three lifetimes, but things hadn't been going well with us and if it would make her happy I'd do it. After all, what's the worst that could happen?

"Okay, I guess," I said, "But just this once ok?"

I dropped the towel and walked naked to her to get it over with. I'd hoped to be tied on the bed, maybe she'd ride my cock or my face. Lisa had a delicious trimmed snatch, eating her wouldn't be a bad thing and her riding me would be great. Instead her hands came out of the toy-bag with the armbinder.

That wasn't what I wanted to see, but I really wanted to make things better with Lisa so I turned around and let her put the armbinder on me. She had it figured out in just a couple of minutes, in a flash it was buckled on TIGHT. Next she put leather cuffs on my ankles connected with a short chain, I'd only be taking small steps. Just like that I was helpless, she was good at this. Maybe too good.

I was uneasy at how fast she'd made me completely helpless, then I saw the big cock gag. "Lisa, don't use that gag, it's too MMMGGH!" I tried to protest, but without hesitation she stuffed it in my mouth and buckled it tight. Now I was helpless and silent.

"Remember tying me up and fucking my ass? I never consented to that. Remember how I cried? When I went home that night I laid in bed and cried all night. The pain wasn't the worst part, you violated my trust. Now it's your turn," she said without smiling.

The buttplug she came back with was huge, she lubed it a little and shoved it in. She didn't ease it in, slowly teasing my hole open, she just rammed it home in one thrust. My eyes streamed with tears, I would have screamed if the gag permitted it. I guess I deserved it, and if it helped make things better between usI'd take it even if I had a choice.

As it turned out my days of having a choice were behind me, I just didn't know it yet. I was still trying to recover and get used to the plug, so I barely noticed her buckling my "bitchboy" collar around my neck, but when she retrieved the cock cage from my bag I very definitely noticed that.

As I tried in vain to protest around the big cock gag she removed my prince albert ring and quickly had my shriveling cock recaged, alot faster than I thought she should have been able to. How the fuck did she know how that complicated cage went together? I was worried, I did NOT like where this was going.

Lisa bent and buckled a leather strap tightly around my scrotum below the cage but above my balls, she clipped a leash to it and without a word took off walking, pulling me along helplessly behind her. She led me out the door into my back yard.

My house is on the edge of town, I have an enormous backyard with a tall privacy fence. I wasn't worried about being seen, but man was I worried about everything else.

I struggled to keep up, the chain keeping my steps short and the huge plug working in my ass with every mincing step, she walked briskly to the center of the yard dragging me along by the balls.

When we reached the center of the yard Lisa stopped and said "stay here, I need to get something out of my car," and walked back into the house.

I heard the chirp of her unlocking her car out front, then what sounded like her trunk opening and closing. A few minutes later she returned with a bundle of a dozen brightly colored helium balloons. To say I was confused would be an understatement.

Lisa knelt down and raised my right foot, put the string on the balloons under it and put it back down. The only thing keeping the balloons from flying away into the afternoon sky was me standing on the string. Before I could react she tied the key to my chastity cage to the balloons. "Stand still, bitchboy, you don't want to lose those balloons,” she said with a chuckle. I barely noticed what she'd just called me.

"NO NO NO NO!” my mind screamed, "THAT'S THE ONLY KEY I HAVE! MOLLY HAS THE ONLY OTHER KEY!" I tried to beg Lisa with my eyes as I stood there, helpless and mute, the balloons with the shiny key swaying gently in the morning breeze.

The big plug made it hard to stand still but I managed it.

"Did you realize I was falling in love with you?" she asked softly. "When you fucked my ass I was devastated, but I loved you and convinced myself I could forgive you. But then you fucked that whore." Even if I hadn't been gagged there was nothing I could have said to that. I'd done that, I'd been a bastard to Lisa.

"When you called, I thought maybe you'd changed, maybe just maybe you were worth a second chance. Seems like I was wrong." I was confused, what was she talking about?

"I could tell you were lying about the tattoo on your ass," Lisa continued, "so I did some searching on the internet, it isn't that common of a name."

"I found Molly, we've been talking for a few days."

OH SHIT! NO NO NO, THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING! WHAT THE FUCK DID MOLLY SAY?

I thought, my mind racing. I begged desperately with my eyes! Lisa just HAD to take the gag out and let me explain! This wasn't what Lisa thought it was, and I couldn't tell her what was really going on with the fucking gag choking me!

"Molly told me all about what you did to her, You haven't changed a bit." Lisa said with tears in her eyes.

"What I did?" I thought, "all I did was escape that crazy bitch!”

"Molly said she thought everything was going great, and then without warning you ghosted her, you stole her dog, you left owing her a lot of money for some stuff she bought you," Lisa continued, "you're the same lowlife you always were."

I stood there, helplessly bound and gagged as tears streamed down my face. Mistress Molly had spun Lisa a tale that made me look like a lying lowlife piece of shit. Maybe I was, but that wasn't how it had happened with Molly. Lisa didn't know how it had been, and with the gag in I couldn't tell her.

"I'm dumping you, I'm changing my number and blocking you online. Never try to contact me ever again. But after the way you treated Molly she deserves a chance to confront you too, so I have one last little thing to do." With that Lisa turned and walked back to the house.

My mind raced, I had to find a way to explain.

I couldn't lose Lisa, I couldn't be stuck in the cage, I couldn't be at the mercy of Mistress Molly and Sir Tom again. I couldn't come up with a way out of this, all I could do was stand in the summer sun carefully standing on the string to the balloons that held my only key.

When Lisa returned she was carrying a bowl and a couple of cans of dog food, Dom followed her eagerly eyeing the cans of food. She opened the cans and dumped them into the bowl, and the big dog started to eagerly slurp it up.

"I gave Molly your address, she'll be by this afternoon some time to have her say and release you," Lisa said in a cold voice, "until then you get to have a little exercise."

Lisa picked up the end of the leash attached to my balls, and clipped it to Dom’s collar as he ate. She looked into my streaming eyes and said, "Goodbye bitchboy, have a nice life." Then beautiful Lisa turned and walked out of my life forever. A few minutes later I heard her car start and drive away.

I stood there watching Dom eat, knowing that when he was done he'd go for a run around the yard. Dom loved to run, that fucking dog could run for hours. With my leashed balls attached to his collar I knew I'd be powerless to do anything but follow and try to keep up.

When that happened the balloons would be released to fly away into the sunny sky along with my only key to the cock cage I'd tried so desperately to escape. That key would be lost to me forever, like Lisa.

The plug stretching my aching ass made it hard to stand still and think. I stood still and thought, desperately. I strained against the tight armbinder. I came up with nothing, the armbinder didn't give. I watched the food in the bowl rapidly diminish, I realized all I could do was hope that Mistress Molly came soon and had mercy on me.

I knew Mistress Molly had no mercy.

I was well and truly fucked.
