---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Party Favor
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- Sbf
- naked
- stockings
- cuffs
- gag
- rope
- spreadeagle
- caught
- F/f
- revenge
- hum
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2005-01-27 00:00:00
---

The time had come. After months of planning, weeks of waiting
for the perfect opportunity, it was finally time to claim what should be
hers by right. And it would be all too easy.

As soon as she met Brad, Crystal knew she had to have him. Though
he wasn’t the best looking man she’d known, there was something about him
that drew her. Unable to resist the attraction, she’d flirted with
him constantly, letting him know she was his for the taking. Somehow,
though, he hadn’t, or couldn’t, see what she had to offer. And when
he started seeing Karen, her best friend, Crystal had been enraged.
On that day, she swore she would take him for herself.

Pretending indifference to the open intimacy between Brad and Karen,
Crystal had kept herself as close as possible to the object of her obsession.
Somewhere, she knew, she would find the way to take him for her own.

One day, she had been visiting, watching a movie with the couple, when
she found her key. The movie was nothing special, one of those B
grade horror flicks that Hollywood never seemed to tire of making.
Near the end of the movie, one of the girls was grabbed by the crazy.
Amid scenes of her friends searching for her were long minutes showing
her helplessly bound in an abandoned shack. During one such scene,
Crystal had glanced toward Brad. Even in the dimness of the room,
lit only by the glow of the screen, she could see the bulge growing in
his lap as he watched the struggling girl. And in that moment, her
plan was born.

The very next day, she’d started gathering the things she would need
to put her plan into action. Once she had everything, she put the
next part of her plan into action. On the ruse of needing to go to
the store, she’d borrowed Brad’s car. While out, she’d had a copy
made of his house key. Then she waited.

Finally, her opportunity arrived. Karen’s company was sending
her to a conference in another state. She would be leaving straight
from work Friday, and would be gone a week. Crystal knew she’d never
get a better chance to put her plan into action.

Friday afternoon, Crystal used her copied key to let herself into Brad’s
house. She’d taken the day off from work, giving her plenty of time
to prepare for his arrival. There was much to do, but she knew it
would be worth it.

Moving quickly, she carried her supplies from her car into the house.
Once done, she drove back to her own house, then took a taxi back.
This was to be a surprise, and she didn’t want it spoiled by Brad seeing
her car in his drive.

Back inside, she moved everything to the bedroom. Glancing around,
she tried not to imagine what Brad and Karen had done together in here.
But that, she vowed, was about to change. And it was time to begin.

Undressing, Crystal carefully folded her clothing and placed it in a
small suitcase, which she then locked and placed in the back of the closet.
Selecting a garter belt and sheer black stockings from her supply of sexy
clothing, she slowly slid the silky materiel over her legs. She glanced
at the other items, then shook her head. She wanted him to see her
in all her glory, and have no doubts what she could offer him. Instead,
she removed the other items she would need, then placed the bag next to
her suitcase in the closet.

Stretching out on the bed, Crystal took up the first leather cuff and
locked it around her left ankle. Her right ankle received the second
cuff. Using short lengths of rope, she secured her ankles to the
corners of the bed, thankful for the brass bed railings. Once the
last knot was tied, she tried to draw her legs together, but she couldn’t
budge them. Smiling, she moved to the next step.

Reaching up, she found she could barely reach the head of the bed.
Stretching, she wrapped a length of chain around the center rail, securing
it with a small padlock. A second lock fastened a pair of handcuffs
to the chain’s loose end. Once the cuffs went around her wrists,
she’d be stretched out on his bed, helpless to free herself. If he
wanted a helpless woman, she’d give him one, she thought with a smile.

Glancing around the room, she made sure everything was ready, then picked
up the next item, a penis gag, and buckled it into place. To test
it, she pinched both nipples, hard. When only a muffled moan emerged,
she nodded her satisfaction. The final item, a simple sheet of paper,
was taped between her breasts. Then, before she could change her
mind, she reached over her head and clicked the cuffs closed around her
wrists. Smiling, she closed her eyes and waited for Brad to find
his surprise.

Lying in the dim room, Crystal quickly lost track of time. Though
helpless, she found her position strangely comfortable, and soon drifted
to sleep. The sound of the front door closing woke her, however,
and she quickly posed herself as best she could, smiling behind her gag
as she pictured the look that would be on Brad’s face when he found her.

When the bedroom door opened, Crystal was ready for anything.
Anything, that is, but the sight of Karen, standing in the doorway and
staring at her with stunned eyes. Shocked, Crystal pulled at her
bonds, but she’d done too good a job. She could only lay there and
stare back.

Shaking her head, Karen rushed to the bed. “Oh, Crystal,” she
cried. “Are you ok? Who did this to you?” Then her eyes
fell on the paper between Crystal’s breasts. Pulling it loose, she
read the words there.

Brad,
I am yours to do with as you please. Have your way with me.
I am your helpless slave until you see fit to release me.
After reading the note, Karen crumpled it and threw it angrily into a corner.
Seeing the look in her friend’s eye, Crystal whimpered and tugged uselessly
at her bonds.

“So you did this to yourself, did you?” she asked quietly. “I
wondered about the way you look at Brad, but I always thought you were
too good a friend to try anything with him. If I’d known you’d pull
something like this, I would have made sure you stayed away from him.”

Stepping away from the bed, Karen began searching the room. Finding
Crystal’s things in the closet, she placed them at the foot of the bed,
then stood looking down on the helpless girl.

“Lucky for me the conference got cancelled at the last moment,” she
said. “Lucky for me, unlucky for you.”

Moaning, Crystal writhed in her bonds, but Karen ignored her.
Locating the keys in the supply bag, she moved to the head of the bed.

“Let’s make you a bit more comfortable, shall we?” At Crystal’s
nod, Karen unlocked the chain from the head of the bed. Pulling hard
on the chain, she drew Crystal’s hands higher over her head, then used
the lock to secure the chain again. Now Crystal could barely move.
Shaking her head, she moaned into her gag, pleading helplessly for release.

“Oh, I don’t think so,” Karen said softly, digging into the bag again.
She quickly found another lock, which she used to lock the gag in place.

“You wanted to be a sex slave, didn’t you? Well, I’m going to
make sure you get exactly what you want.” Karen smiled. “By
the time this weekend is over, you’ll get all the sexual slavery you could
ever hope for. Brad and I were planning to have a party next weekend
to announce our engagement, but I think we can do it this weekend instead.
And you’ll be the entertainment. With all the drunk, horny guys who’ll
be here, I’m sure you’ll be a big hit. Now don’t go anywhere, I have
a lot of calls to make. And a big box of rubbers to buy. We
don’t want our slave getting pregnant, do we?”

Crystal frantically shook her head, pleading into her gag, as Karen
turned and left the room. She struggled briefly with her bonds, then
sank into defeated silence. Her perfect plan had been defeated by
a twist of fate, and all she could do now was quietly curse her fate.
And hope the party ended early.
