---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mary's Revelation 4
authors:
- Lobo De La Sombra
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- breastplay
- fondling
- tease
- denial
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2012-01-30 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Mary's Revelation 3**](marys_revelation3.html))

Part 4

“Mary?”

“Mmmmmmm.”

“Mary?”

Reluctantly, Mary Jenkins’ eyes fluttered open. Absently, she gazed at the woman watching her.

“Oh, Gail. What can I do for you?”

With a quizzical look, Gail laid a thick bundle of paper on the desk. “The collated reports from the last series of tests,” she said.

“Ok, good. “I’ll look at them in a minute.”

For a moment, Gail watched her silently. “Mary,” she finally said, “maybe you should take a nap or something. You look beat. Why do you have to push yourself so hard?” Gail shrugged. “Maybe it’s a good thing we’re almost done. After today, we’ll be on our way home. Maybe then you can rest.” Turning, she strode away.

Watching her go, Mary allowed the pent up smile to show on her face. Sleep? As if she could! With the same thought, she damned and thanked Brian Parks for his morning visit.

“Ready for the last day?”

“I’m not sure.” Stepping back, Mary watched as Brian closed the door, then turned back to the mirror. It was strange, she thought, how quickly she’d gotten used to the idea of him seeing her naked. In the past three weeks, she had spent many evenings in his quarters, bound in ways she hadn’t even dreamed of. Even now, she was amazed at how much she’d grown to love the seemingly contradictory feelings of helpless vulnerability and total security. Shaking her head at her own thoughts, the picked up her towel and resumed drying her hair.

“What can I do for you?” She turned her head to grin at him over her shoulder. “If it’s what you usually have in mind, I’m afraid we don’t have time. I only have today to get all the paperwork in order.” She frowned. “And you know how much I hate sitting at a desk all day, instead of being part of what’s going on.”

Brian nodded. “Exactly why I’m here,” he said, reaching under his jacket and drawing out a length of doubled rope. “Let’s make today a little more interesting for you, shall we?”

At Mary’s slow nod, he smiled and stepped behind her. Passing the rope around her waist, he fed the ends through the loop, then carefully poked the ends between her thighs. When he reached around her, Mary automatically leaned back into his arms, watching as he fed the ends of the rope beneath the wrap around her stomach. Slowly, he pulled the rope taut, reaching between her thighs and gently parting her lips to let the doubled strands nestle between them. Once satisfied, he drew the remaining length back between her thighs, tying it off at the small of her back.

“Just a little something to make things more interesting,” he said, turning and slipping out the door before she had a chance to reply.

Now, sitting at her desk, Mary snorted softly. Interesting, indeed! It seemed every move she made that involved the lower half of her body caused the rope to shift between her lips. Simply getting dressed had aroused her more than some of the best lovers she’d ever had. And the arousal only grew as the day went on. Mary couldn’t wait until she could get back to her quarters and get rid of this damn thing. At the same time, she savored the feeling, part of her wishing it would never stop.

Somehow, in spite of the distraction, she was able to get all the paperwork taken care of before supper. That left her the entire evening free. Suddenly, she remembered she’d promised to have a couple drinks with the team, to commemorate their last day here. Mary cursed softly, wondering if she should make a fast visit to her quarters beforehand.

Supper seemed to last forever, and the “last night” party even longer. Still, she managed to make it back to the privacy of her quarters before she lost control of herself. Closing the door, she quickly kicked off her shoes and stripped off her jumpsuit. As she reached for the rope, her eyes fell on the bed and she paused, surprised to realize how much she dreaded the prospect of yet another night alone with her vibrator. Reaching up, she unhooked her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Then, after sliding back into her jumpsuit and sliding her feet into a pair of slippers, she opened her door and silently stepped into the hall.

“Is that what you had in mind?”

Carefully, then with more force, Mary tested her bonds. Straps held her arms securely against her sides. More straps held her knees bent, heels pressed tight against her ass. Experimentally, she stretched her fingers, the tips brushing the straps on her legs. Brian had done a good job, though, fastening the straps on the inner sides of her thighs. Mary’s fingers could only fumble uselessly against the smooth leather.

Relaxing her arms, Mary decided to try from a different perspective. She twisted, heaving to one side with her knees. After several tries, she managed to roll onto her side. She was amazed at how much effort it took. Once on her side, she straightened her body as much as her bonds would allow, then, with a grunt, rolled onto her stomach. Her new position, she quickly found, made no difference. After several moments of twisting, she glanced over her shoulder to find Brian watching her.

“Um,” she said softly, “I think I’m stuck. Could you roll me back over, please?” Once Brian, smiling, had complied, Mary glanced down at herself, parting and closing her knees several times.

“Is this what you wanted?” At the question, she glanced up with a nervous smile.

“Partly,” she replied. “But there’s more. I want you to gag me, and then I want you to touch me. All over. I want to know how it feels to be played with and not be able to do anything about it.” Her gaze sharpened slightly. “Just one thing,” she said. “I don’t want to cum.”

If her request surprised him, Brian showed no sign. With only a nod, the turned to his bag and withdrew a leather strap with a hard rubber ball attached to a panel in its center. Gently, he placed it to her lips, which parted to let the ball into her mouth. As he secured the straps, Mary explored the ball with her tongue, discovering a hole in its otherwise smooth surface. Experimentally, she sucked at the ball, feeling air flow into her lungs. Nodding her approval, she waited for Brian to begin.

“Well,” he said slowly, “if this is what you want……” Settling onto the bed beside her, he began running his hands along her body, slowly centering his attention on her breasts.

Mary closed her eyes and savored the feelings, both those she felt and those she didn’t. Anger, hatred, humiliation, revulsion, the old feelings that bondage had stirred in her, now had no place in what she was experiencing. Totally helpless, totally exposed, unable to stop or even slow the hands touching her, she felt a sense of awe at how safe and protected she felt.

And aroused. As Brian’s hands gently stoked her, she could feel herself slipping into a level of arousal she’d never experienced before. It was more than just the pleasure, the steadily increasing need to cum. There was something else. What that something was, she had no idea. All she knew was that she loved it, and she wanted, even needed, more.

Staring into the darkness behind her closed lids, Mary savored each and every touch as Brian let his hands roam freely over her helpless body. He left no part of her untouched, though his attention frequently centered on her breasts, or between her thighs. Slowly, with all the care of a master craftsman who loved his work, he drove her higher than she’d ever been. All too soon, Mary felt her body writhing against her bonds, struggling for more than simple physical release.

Finally, she could take no more. The muffled strains of “Happy Birthday To You” began leaking from behind her gag. Suddenly worried, Brian quickly, gently unbuckled the straps, slowly drawing the ball from between Mary’s lips.

“Is something wrong?” Mary almost smiled at the look of concern on his face.

“Stop, please,” she begged. “I can’t stand it. I need to cum so bad! I can’t believe how good this feels!” Slowly, her eyes opened, turning to fix Brian in their glazed look.

“Please,” she moaned, “tell me you have protection.”

Brian was puzzled. “Protection?” He watched as she nodded slowly.

“Protection,” she repeated. “You know, a rubber?”

Brian smiled. “I think I might have one or two.”

“Good,” Closing her eyes, Mary spread her knees wide. “Because you’re going to need one. Maybe two. Now put that gag back where it belongs and do what we both want you to do.” Her eyes fluttered open again. “Please,” she whispered.

When Brian lowered the gag toward her, Mary didn’t wait, raising her head to slip her lips around the descending ball. Feeling the strap being secured, she closed her eyes again, anticipation for what she knew was about to happen making her pleasure, if possible, even more intense. Vaguely, she could hear the sound of cloth rustling as Brian removed his clothing. Soon, the bed shifted, and she could feel him hovering over her. Something warm, soft, yet incredibly hard nudged between her thighs, and she willingly surrendered herself to the sensations pouring through her. As she felt him slip inside her, Mary suddenly found herself wondering if she could somehow get an extension for her grant. At the thought of another week or two of this, she moaned once, long and low, before losing herself in her new world. It was, she knew, a world she hoped Brian would help her visit many times in the future.

Wherever they might be.
