---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Subspace - Emma's Fetish Cruise Adventure
authors:
- bentbliss
tags:
- F-f
- M-f+
- chastity
- spank
- piercing
- punish
- tease
- naked
- straps
- denial
- sex
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2024-11-19 00:00:00
---

### Part 23. A Taste of Brandy With Master Robert

Emma and Kit left the suite after getting ready post dinner. Well, Emma had to get ready at least. Emma was in a sheer black bodystocking that encased her from collar to toes. It was long sleeved that stretched to extend over the back of her hands and held by a loop of fabric over her middle finger. A black leather under bust corset with three gold buckles on the front constricted her waist, but not as tight as many others she has worn. Princess figured that they didn’t know what would happen, so she would be dressed in a way things could easily be removed. A gold micro miniskirt barely covered much of anything, and her chastity belt was definitely on display even under the bodystocking and skirt. The finishing touch to match the theme was the black pumps with a gold sole and heel on each. All other accessories were left behind and her hair pulled into a ponytail.

Kit was in her normal harness and collar. She preferred to be in her ballet boots or barefoot, but that idea was rejected by both Emma and Princess. The same with the rest of her worshiper gear, so she had to settle for her heels that she wore for maid duty. She was still reluctant to buy clothes and other accessories except for anything related to wearing for worshiping her Goddess as Princess didn’t have a specific outfit for her except maybe the maid uniform. Emma was pretty sure if she or someone else bought her something, she would wear it. The harnesses were an idea Emma mentioned, but it was Kit that ran with it when looking for ideas to impress Emma the other day along with Unworthy. She had a clear fascination with them after seeing the pony girl, Primadonna, wearing one.

“How was your afternoon and dinner?” Emma asked.

“It was good, Goddess. Princess made sure I kept her pleased in her free time.”

“She rode your face again.”

“Yes, Goddess. Multiple times.”

“I am not your Goddess right now, Kit.”

“You are always my Goddess whether I am actively serving you or not.”

There wasn’t time to argue as they reached their destination which was close by from where they started.

There was a little disappointment for Emma when the woman who answered the door wasn't Nix.

That didn’t mean Emma wasn’t pleasantly surprised in a way at the retro-looking brunette in front of her.

Her luscious red lips parted and exposed her immaculate white teeth as her smile grew before greeting them. The rest of her make-up was just as catching and perfect to enhance the homely yet sexy beauty. Her hair was done with a few large curls, and nothing looked out of place. She looked so inviting and gorgeous that she set Emma at ease just looking at her.

Her red with white polka-dot dress went to mid-thigh. Her nude nylons didn’t hint as to whether they were stockings or pantyhose as they disappeared under the hem of her dress. Her white heels were much more sensible than anything Emma had worn on the trip, including her current ones, with them looking to be just under three inches for the heel. She even wore a white apron though it did have a graphic on it with words on the front. It said ‘MY PUSSY IS OFF LIMITS’ above the picture of a black cat either standing or on its back with a silver T-shape over its crotch, likely representing a chastity belt. Its paws were clawing at the belt. It finished with the words underneath, ‘EVEN IF SHE IS HORNIER THAN A BITCH IN HEAT.’

Emma couldn’t help but smile at that. She felt Kit lean against her, but didn’t look down as she wrapped her arm around Kit's upper arm pulling her in closer.

“I had hoped you both would like it. The expressions on your faces suggest my success. Welcome to Master Robert's residence, Miss Emma and Miss Kit. I am your hostess, Brandy. Please come in. I have refreshments available. I am also here to serve and entertain at least until the Master is ready.”

Emma and Kit followed their hostess in. Emma was once again enamored by the graceful swaying hips. The bottom of the dress flared and did wonderful things as she moved that temporarily kept Emma’s attention. Emma even wondered if she could pull off that look and look half as good.

The room they entered was more spacious than expected. Multiple leather couches throughout facing multiple directions. Most focused on the central raised platform in the middle of the room. It was a foot or two above the rest of the floor. Its circular design was roughly five feet in diameter. Other couches faced areas that were occupied by other equipment or an open space that something or someone could fit it.

One of the areas caught Emma’s attention as it looked recently used. It was in the corner of the room with two chains with metal cuffs at the end connected to the lower portion of the walls on each side. A stand with an adjustable metal pole sat between the end of the restraints. A dildo sat on top that had been clearly used as the messy condom over it indicated. Scattered around the floor were a couple of small trays and glasses. Most had been filled except for the one tipped over spilling the liquid contents.

Brandy looked over at what Emma was looking at, immediately apologizing, “I apologize for the mess. There was a last-minute correction, and I was too caught up in my baking and preparing for your arrival, I failed to clean it up in time. You are within your right to formally request my Master punish me for my negligence. Or you may punish me with a proper spanking yourself should you desire.”

A bit of a smirk crept onto Emma’s lips as she asked, “Was it you who needed correction?”

“While normally I go out of my way to be the one to get corrected. My alter ego that I normally present is a self-centered brat. A true attention whore who thrives even on negative attention. Please take a seat and enjoy the refreshments. If you would prefer a healthier option to my baked goods, feel free to ask. I will answer your questions and take care of needs until the Master is ready.”

The three of them moved to a set of couches with a low table in the middle with a spread of food and drinks. She wasn’t kidding about the baked goods. Cookies, muffins, cupcakes, and more. You would think a couple dozen people were coming. There were some healthier options with fresh fruit and vegetables.

Emma was briefly torn at what to do. She wasn’t afraid to eat and wasn’t one to put emphasis on her weight or diet. But Miss Keys had taken over all that early on by putting her on a diet that unfortunately had been quite unpleasant so far. She debated whether to indulge and felt inclined since Brandy had put forth the effort for them. It seemed polite at the very least to try and if she was punished later, so be it. Plus, much of it looked quite appetizing after what she had eaten for days.

Emma took a cookie before taking a seat. She bit into the chocolate chip cookie and nearly moaned. She had nearly devoured the whole thing when Brandy asked if they wanted anything to drink. Emma responded with wanting water and Kit followed suit.

“I expected a Goddess would want something stronger or more flavorful.”

Emma shrugged before answering, “I don't know what to expect while I am here. Figure it is smarter to stay hydrated. I don’t drink alcohol and while other things like juices are perfectly fine, water seems most prudent.”

“That's fair and sounds quite wise. Maybe you are a goddess.”

“Most I have met here have mistaken me for something I am not. I am Emma, a plain and mostly boring, normal woman who has had a few relationships, but never been treated or desired much except in short term situations. That is likely what all this is here. It’s been fun at times and utterly overwhelming for the rest of it,” Emma didn’t want to go down a negative path and shifted the conversation a bit. “Pretty sure Nix was the first person to call me a goddess anyway. Is she going to be here tonight?”

Brandy smiled with a slight smirk, “She is. Master is currently taking care of her right now. Whether you will see her, I don’t know. We will all have to wait and see.”

Brandy gave a slight curtsy and went to get their drinks.

Emma turned to Kit to see how she was doing. She was nibbling on some sort of a pastry. If anyone could afford to put on a little weight, it was definitely Kit. Emma’s frame ensured she would never be skinny or small, unlike Kit. She was active in her youth, so she never was overweight when she was younger. Lately she had become too lacking in taking care of herself. She had tried to get into shape and lose some of the extra weight but fell short of her goals even if it was a vast improvement. In a way, she should be thankful Miss Keys has changed her diet for the rest of the trip. Only if some of the smoothies weren’t so utterly disgusting.

“Is something wrong?” she asked Kit.

“No, Goddess. I am sorry for the extra burden I have added to your trip. I really do appreciate the kindness you and the others have shown me these past few days. I know our time is temporary,” Kit turned to Emma at that point, “but you will always be my Goddess even when things are over.”

“I imagine others might feel the same, but I will go back to just being Emma. Though I will see how things turn out while I am here. I plan to try to enjoy myself and not get too worked up over everything. First, we get to see where tonight takes us. It's an opportunity for both of us.”

With a smile, Kit responded, “I haven't forgotten why we are here or what you and Princess want me to do. I gladly obey, it is what I exist to do. My future could be here or maybe I have found it already, but I will continue my search as ordered and do my best.”

Before either could continue, they were interrupted by the return of Brandy, “Well aren't you two sweet.”

She handed them their water, adding, “She seems quite loyal, I am surprised you don’t jump to keep her. That doesn't count her being cute and totally submissive.”

“Sounds like you are interested in her.”

“I am not opposed to either of you joining the family, permanently or temporarily. Be warned after this cruise I will be back to my normal self and attempt to steal all the attention.”

“Seems there is plenty for you to explain now that you are here, and we are settled for the moment. How about telling us more about you since you seem to be doing something you usually don’t.”

Brandy smoothed the back of her dress, trying to keep up the ladylike act she had been portraying. She elegantly sat across from the two of them with a smile on her face.

“Usually, I am just known as Brat. I live up to the name. It's my own lifestyle choice that separates me from the others and gets me the attention I desire, for better or worse. I do purposely try to steal the Master’s attention or that of his guests. I am one of his more permanent harem members. Many come and go. Most are around to earn money and possibly recognition in some of his ventures,” Brandy shrugged as she finished the last statement.

“Why are you going by Brandy now and acting differently than your normal?”

She smiled at Emma’s question as she responded, “Master needs someone to help organize and run things while we are here. There are lots of guests and events going on in which he is busy with many of them. I am here to take care of the others and other needs, so he doesn't need to worry. It is an honor to do this and not just for the reward one receives when we get back home. This is me proving I am responsible and more than just Brat as it is my first time doing this. I created a different persona much like the others do when they hold this position. Olga likes to be a vampire dominatrix when it's her turn. Actually, she tries to lord over us all the time, but that isn't relevant.”

“Why did you choose this persona?”

“That is simple. I have always had a thing for 50s housewife look. I decided to step up and imitate one as well while I am here. I think they were strong, beautiful, sexy, and competent women among other things. Seeing as I am not the center of Master's attention while here, I felt this was a proper way to support him.”

“You didn’t try to get his attention by being corrected earlier?”

“Unfortunately, no. I have been a good housewife and was baking for our guests, specifically you two.”

“Was it Nix?”

“Oh, my lord no. I mean I would love to see Nixie be corrected for once. No, she may as well be a Saintess. She obeys his every whim no matter what. She serves him above all and while she will play with the girls as well, she rarely will with any of the guests unless ordered to by our Master. Which is why you are so interesting. You caught her attention immediately in a way I have only seen from our Master. Yes, we all are on the lookout to add others, but she went far beyond her normal in wanting more time with you. Be good to her, she doesn't do this… Well, I have never seen her do it. Even if you don't join the family, little Nixie has been around longer than the rest of us and deserves respect.”

Emma nodded. She had no intention of doing anything that would harm Nix in a way she didn’t want. Emma didn’t think she would be joining this family even temporarily, but she wanted to spend some more time with the petite, purple-haired beauty. Hopefully she wouldn’t disappoint her too much.

“What can you tell me about Master Robert?”

A smirk briefly touched Brandy's face as she answered, “Plenty, though much of it isn’t relevant or my place to say. He is a fair man who caters to our wants and desires more than we deserve at times. That doesn't mean he can't be strict, because he is. He runs things and we all serve him as well in our own way even if it is just working for him. He respects our limits and isn’t abusive.

He has his desires and quirks like anyone else. He isn’t a sadist nor looking to inflict damage or harm though some ask. I would say his real passion revolves around bondage and piercings, especially incorporating those piercings with predicament bondage.”

That peaked Emma’s attention as she had plenty of desires to endure various forms of predicament bondage. She had another question first.

“Does he pierce all of you?”

“No. Only those willing and he doesn't do all of them. Sometimes he gets professionals for some of them.”

“Are you pierced?”

Another smile formed on Brandy’s lips as she answered, “Of course. I have removed my facial piercings including the ones in my tongue as they didn’t feel appropriate with my current persona. That just leaves my nipples and my chastity piercings.”

“Why did you get chastity piercings?”

“To prove a point. I wanted to be trained to orgasm without access there. Since it has commenced, most of it comes from stimulation of my superior hole,” she responded with a giggle.

Emma still had a lot of questions, but decided to head in a different direction to help calm herself further and get in the mood.

“You mentioned a spanking being warranted earlier. If the option is available, I would like to collect.”

Emma watched Brandy’s red lips quiver slightly as her eyes slightly teared up. Her body trembled as it seemed she was about to erupt.

“Yes,” she shouted out before clearing her throat and talking more calmly. “Yes, I am required to endure the appropriate correction if requested and it doesn't interfere with my duties.”

Emma looked at her and asked, “Are you okay?”

The trembling woman bit her lip and nodded. She made her way to Emma, trying not to rush. She was still biting her lip as she smoothed out her dress once. Holding the sides of her dress skirt, she dropped into a curtsy in front of Emma far more elegantly than Emma managed the night before.

“If you or Miss Kit wish to correct me, it is my duty and honor to serve and obey, Miss Emma.”

Emma looked over at Kit, who shook her head at her.

“While Kit would do it if I asked, she's far too submissive to get enjoyment from it. Me on the other hand, I've been itching to see what is underneath. And I have a desire to make your backside match your lips. Well, that was before you started biting them and ruined your lipstick.”

Brandy’s eyes got big as her mouth opened and her hand headed towards her mouth.

“It’s too late to worry about that now. You will also be corrected for that as well. Then when I am done you may fix it when you have time.”

Emma watched Brandy’s hand drop back down as her body shuddered. Emma assumed this was Brandy holding back her excitement.

“Lift your dress up above your waist and lay across my lap, ass in the air.”

With Brandy across her lap, Emma ran her hands along the back of Brandy’s nylon covered legs. Her fingers traced along the edges of the white panties underneath.

“These appear to be awfully traditional and not the usual standard of modern sexy.”

“Some people find traditional sexy if not a bit nostalgic. They fit my persona and the lack of attention I am to gain in that regard on this trip. If you find they are not up to your standards, you may further correct me, Miss Emma.”

Emma traced her fingers further along the nylons and panties covering the firm ass, “What is the usual correction? Meaning the amount and severity.”

Brandy let out a soft moan as Emma’s hand ran down the woman's crack and touched the bottom of her pussy. She was briefly shocked at feeling the hard metal when she reached that point. She had briefly forgotten the woman mentioned chastity piercings. Emma was definitely curious, more so now as she could feel her own internal heat ramping up in her own state of arousal. An arousal that rarely went away since she arrived and likely wouldn’t for the rest of the trip at minimum.

“A typical correction spanking requires at least a moderate intensity usually between ten to twenty strokes per infraction. Multiple infractions can up it to a severe intensity with less overall strokes. Mild intensity is only used in play and extreme is for those who are crazy and desire worse.”

Brandy answered Emma’s further questions and expectations, ending it with, “You can just rip them both off if you desire.”

Emma was smiling as her hand laid into the backside of the woman unexpectedly.

“Fffuuuuuuccck!” Brandy screamed out.

Emma couldn’t help but respond, “Guess you need some extra correction once again, you potty-mouthed hostess.”

Brandy whimpered and Emma turned to Kit, “Would you be willing to assist me?”

“Anything you desire at any time, I will obey, Goddess.”

“Any time she curses or when I say, feed her one of her delicious baked goods. Shove the entire thing in her mouth. She can figure out how to chew and swallow it. If she spits any out, she gets two more.”

“But…” Brandy started to say when she received another sharp spanking causing her to squeal. Emma couldn’t help it as her smile only grew.

“She has earned a second one once she finishes the first,” Emma announced as she grabbed the back of Brandy’s pantyhose in her hands. She pulled and ripped an opening in the nylons as Kit got off the couch.

Once her ass and panties were exposed to Emma’s desire while leaving the rest of the pantyhose intact, Emma waited for Kit. Kit had grabbed a pastry that was filled with some sort of cream or possibly jam. Emma’s hand further rubbed the firm ass under the white panties. Kit dropped to her knees near Brandy’s head and started inserting the pastry. The evil smirk on Emma’s face went unnoticed as she grabbed the panties at the thinner point between Brandy’s legs. Scrunching it together, she pulled it up sharply without warning towards Brandy’s waist. Emma wasn’t looking to rip them off.

Brandy yelped and squirmed as Emma held tightly to the wedgie she was giving. In the process of her yelp, Brandy spit out the pastry.

“Looks like she has earned two more tasty treats and a few more spankings for making a mess,” Emma said as she pulled the wedgie harder while bringing her hand down across the exposed cheeks.

“Ah! Fuck. Fuck. Fuck,” cried out Brandy as she squirmed. Emma watched the scrunched up fabric shift as it worked at parting her cheeks further with each movement. Her panties weren't meant to be in there like that and Emma couldn’t be more pleased with her handprint. Though she had so much more area to cover to ensure it all matched her previous lipstick color.

“Clearly you are hungry. I mean I don’t blame you. What I tasted was quite good,” Emma said, causing Brandy’s hand to shoot over her mouth as she groaned.

Through her hand she tried to beg, “Please don’t make me eat that much. It will make me sick and get fat.”

“We'll see,” as Emma brought down her hand causing a shriek. Looking at Kit, “Fill her up again, please.”

Emma brought her hand down again in a different area as Kit stood up to grab another treat.

“I'm tempted to make you clean up all that you spit out by eating it again when we finish,” Emma stated as her hand traced the red handprints on the squirming ass.

Brandy whimpered in response as her hips shifted across Emma’s lap. Emma’s arousal continually increased as she moved. The woman likely had no idea how Emma was tormenting herself while doing this. It was its own joy and frustration for Emma. Something she enjoyed even as time went on, she was also getting more and more desperate for an orgasm.

Emma found herself watching Kit break up a rather large cookie before feeding it to Brandy. She then restarted her spanking.

“I was in your position last night for a bit. I was bent over the lap of a beautiful woman getting corrected for my failures. Though I was in a maid uniform and there was no food. But I failed enough in my maid training to earn it. She used a brush instead of her hand, but she was far more gentle than I am. Which was unfortunate for me as I wanted it harder and unfortunate for you because I will leave yours radiating and stinging. This is a correction and you seemingly wanted it. But I want you to tell me why you wanted it. I want to hear why you were trembling. If you lie, it will demand further correction.”

Emma got in a few blows further reddening her target while Brandy was no doubt struggling to chew and swallow the cookie shoved in her mouth before she responded, “I earned this correction and… you were willing to give it.”

Emma spanked her even harder than she had been to that point as she coldly said, earning a choking squeal from the lap warmer, “That isn’t what I asked. Answer properly or earn more.”

Brandy’s choking died down and was followed by light whimpers before responding, “I have tried to be good. Actually I have been good. Real good since I got here and started this role.” She let out a sniffling whine before adding more. “But… It's been hard. So hard. Seeing everyone else get the attention. Playing nice and being the… the… the leftover nobody whose job it is to ensure everyone else is comfortable and happy. I… I'm a narcissistic attention whore,” she practically screamed out the last sentence.

“You lasted longer than expected,” a low tenor male voice said, startling the three women.

“Masterrr!” Brandy screamed out after she spit out her food and finished with a drawn-out yelp as Emma yanked harder on Brandy’s panties. What sounded like a thunderous clap came from Emma’s latest slap across Brandy’s red ass.

At times Emma forgot she was on a ship and that they were built differently than buildings on land. The sound carried differently and the reverberating echo was muffled a bit likely due to things Emma couldn’t see. Some thoughts flickered into Emma’s head, but she cast them aside to look at the new person who entered the room.

“Do carry on. I am open to an extra show while we get introduced.”

Emma took a moment as she watched the man further enter the room towards her and the others. He was a bit older, probably pushing his 60s at the very least. It was truly hard to guess the ages of some of these people as they have had work done on them as well as some took care of their bodies, her mind drifted to Miss Keys and Unworthy.

He had a little bit of a gut, but Emma didn’t consider him fat or anything. His outfit was casual and nothing truly stood out in that department. His hair and beard were mostly gray with dark brown of his natural color mixed in.

None of that deterred the confidence in his walk and command that exuded in his movements. This was his domain. He didn’t need to flaunt that. He was relaxed and in complete control.

Emma regained her focus as she had been in her Domme mode for this bit of fun.

“Seems the little Brat can't follow simple instructions, or she is very hungry. It seems like she wants all the tasty treats to herself,” Emma said before she struck the red ass over her lap. “Making it all about her as usual. Please fill her mouth again, Kit.”

“Please, no more food Miss Emma. I don’t want to get sick and make a bigger mess. I'll do anything within reason.”

“One more. You will eat it all this time or your correction will take a different tone and experience,”

Emma said as she stroked in between Brandy’s thighs. Emma got her first feel of the chastity piercings crushed under the panties deeply wedged into the crevice. Emma’s mind started to ponder what it would feel like to have hers pierced shut. She nearly moaned in her own imagination when a moan from the real world caught her attention, bringing her focus back.

She needed an orgasm desperately as she was too easily distracted.

“Don't even think of having an orgasm,” Emma admonished while swatting the delightful backside further enhancing its color. To further torment/pleasure the woman, Emma finger pushed the taut cotton-covered rear pleasure hole to draw a squeal and another moan.

Emma was realizing the strain of continuing to hold the wedgie, but she was unwilling to give up on it yet. She needed to finish this soon.

“That's too big. It won’t fit. Please don’t make me take all of that at once,” Brandy whined.

Emma looked at the large muffin Kit had. She was sure it wouldn’t fit in her mouth either. Not all at once, at least.

“Feed her half. If she spits out or loses any, feed her the rest. She will either properly obey for once or she will further deal with the consequences starting with that,” Emma announced as she followed it up with a sharp stinging slap on the squirming backside.

Brandy let out a whimper, but Kit quickly filled her mouth. Then the spanking continued in earnest.

Master Robert sat across from the three of them taking in the show. He more formally introduced himself and asked questions to both Emma and Kit.

Emma had wound down her correction. She was no longer spanking or holding the wedgie, but she didn’t fix the panties or let Brandy up. Instead her hand rubbed the red bottom with occasional teases to the pierced pussy and backdoor. The conversation continued as she rested, while enjoying the body across her lap.

“I'm curious as to what your intentions are with Nix?” asked Master Robert though his tone was quite serious despite the smile on his face.

Emma had already been looking him in the eye when he asked. She gave Brandy’s ass a squeeze, causing a yelp as she responded, “It's a fair question. I don’t really have anything in mind, much less intentions. She was the first person I met considering she did my intake. She was the one who asked to spend time with me. She was cute, kind, and enthusiastic. I had no plans at the time and figured why not. I came to have fun and try new things, including meeting new people. Though everything went straight to overwhelmingly insane almost immediately. But what do I expect from her? To have fun mostly. I know she is truly submissive so I imagine there will be some fun with adding that in, but I also want to do regular normal things. While it is not likely, if we get along well, I would hope to gain a friendship that extends beyond here. That is if you allow. After all, my limited interactions with her have shown her complete dedication to you and she has no desire to disappoint you. In any case, I will give her the respect she deserves, and she isn't required to stick around if I don’t meet expectations.”

That seemed to soothe him as the conversation continued further and the attention turned to Kit.

Master Robert said, “You are not forgotten, and you have plenty of potential just from your looks. I'm curious as to the depths of your submission as well as your desires…”

Master Robert and Kit talked as Emma kept Brandy in her lap while still playing with her ass, legs and the other sensitive bits within reach. Emma smiled at the whimpers and gasps from the self proclaimed attention whore. Mostly she tried not to completely interrupt the brief conversation.

“If you are done with my resident troublemaker, how about a tour?” Master Robert asked.

Brandy was left to clean up as Emma and Kit got a tour. Emma was a bit surprised as she knew it was more than a suite. But this area was far bigger than expected. Other rooms and areas for living and play littered throughout. Multiple bedrooms and themed rooms with plenty of other women were currently occupied.

“This particular room has been called the morgue by many,” Master Robert began to explain. He went to a wall with many small metal doors. There were two women in lab coats over their scrubs monitoring cameras and other things. Master Robert grabbed the latch to one of the doors and opened it. Then he slid out a rather large metal slab that was clearly on rails. It definitely reminded Emma of scenes of certain shows she had seen. This was no different in that on the slab was a naked woman bound by straps on her back. She might have been a corpse if Emma didn’t see her chest rising up and down.

“One of the non-regular guests wanted this experience. She wanted to spend the night as a restrained corpse. We get volunteers and people looking to pay to try out some of what we have, but this isn't the only place on the ship with such amenities. They are all different in what they offer and how many people book there. My women are usually put in some form of bondage for bed each night, but it varies. They all like different things. Helga and Lala seem to be on duty tonight to observe everyone and make sure they are comfortable and not panicking or in pain. The monitors cover all the rooms anyone is sleeping in.”

“Why are they dressed that way?” Emma asked.

“A perverted attempt at humor? As I said this place is often called the morgue and they seem to be playing it up in what they think they should wear.”

“Is Nix here?”

“She is in another room sleeping and being monitored after the piercings I gave her to ensure no reaction.”

Emma wanted to ask more questions, but figured she would see her tomorrow and find out more. Instead, she let out an, “Oh.”

They made their way through a couple more rooms before they reentered where they started.

“Is there anything you two would like to do or try?”

Kit answered, “Whatever you desire, Sir. I will obey and comply.”

“I am open to most things. Did you have anything in mind?” Emma replied.

Emma soon found out he had plenty in mind. She ended up on her knees with Brandy’s wrist tied to the insides of her ankles. Brandy’s wrists were tied to the outside of Emma’s ankles. She had nose hooks pulling over her head to what she assumed was Brandy’s breasts considering she had nipple clamps on hers and could feel the pull every time Brandy shifted, especially when either of them lowered their heads. The rhythmic rocking back and forth as they were both ass-to-ass with a double ended dildo buried deep in their asses. Both of them had their pussies and clits locked away in different manners, leaving this as one of their main sources of pleasure.

Emma’s denial only pushed her intensity to orgasm again. She didn’t care how much the object inside of her made it difficult, she wanted to use it and Brandy to help her get over the edge. She found herself begging Brandy to pull her breasts more as she increased the speed of rocking back and forth to further increase her own pleasure. The moans from Brandy undoubtedly spoke of her own pleasure as her own momentum increased with fierce intensity.

Emma knew this was against the spirit of her plans to be in chastity for the trip. Finding out she could orgasm was amazing. What Princess did to help subdue her ability was both cruel and amazing. Emma was thankful for many things including the extra push Emma desired. She enjoyed the struggle and the denial on the cruise was brutal when she was surrounded by unending teasing in so many forms.

The urge to gain release was truly at the forefront of her mind. Brandy was soon screaming, reaching an orgasm before Emma. The ache inside Emma was mostly pleasurable at this point. Emma found herself doing most of the moving as Brandy seized in the throes of her orgasm. Emma was so close herself; it was almost a need at this point in her mind.

It vaguely caught her attention when she heard a voice, “They are both quite selfish.” Emma looked up as she was directly facing the voice as she saw Kit sitting in Master Robert’s lap as he talked to her “They were so interested in their own personal pleasure. They seem to have forgotten about us. On top of that neither is asking permission to orgasm. I expect it from Brat, she is truly selfish but doesn’t deny it. I didn’t expect it from the other, not that I know her truly well.”

Brandy must have dropped her head as Emma felt a sharp tug on her nipples. A moan escaped her mouth causing Emma to get distracted again.

“Plea…please let me cum, Sir,” Emma struggled to get out as she hadn't stopped rocking back and forth increasing her pain along with her pleasure. She knew he was right in her being selfish as she really wanted this. She also wanted to play her part and behave.

She refocused on what was in front of her but didn’t stop what she was doing. She mostly saw the back of Kit on her knees. Her harness covered back with her tiny butt moving along with her head bobbing between his legs. Kit was definitely well practiced as Master Robert let out his own moan.

Emma whimpered, hoping to get a positive response soon. Brandy seemed to have recovered from her orgasm. She was thrusting hard as both Emma’s and her ass were slapping together while being deeply penetrated. It was its own torture as Emma tried to hold it in. Her rubber torture device inside of her trembling pussy was helping just enough to help hold her on edge.

“I think this little treasure deserves one more than either of you. You can enjoy yourself, but I expect her to get an orgasm before I consider yours. Assuming you have enough control to hold out. Brat will offer you no relief. She will likely try for more of her own and will lose out on any more for the rest of the trip and beyond,” Master Robert eventually announced which caused Brandy to shriek.

That didn’t slow either of them down. Emma’s torment would get no respite and part of her would have it no other way. Yet, part of her truly desired that feeling of going over the edge. That inner turmoil was what she craved on so many levels. To be in situations that were not completely under her control with the dilemma and consequences offering her tough choices. She liked to be rewarded for performing well, though that often meant giving up what she truly desired such as an orgasm in her case, at least for now.

Kit was sitting on Master Robert’s lap. She was facing away from him and looking at Emma. His hand was playing with Kit's vaginally piercings, causing soft murmurs from the petite pet. He whispered something in her ear which got a “Yes Sir” response.

With a little shifting, Kit lifted her hips up enough to slide the waiting cock between her ringed folds. He wasn’t large and probably considered average based on what Emma could see. A gasp exited Kit's lips as she slowly sunk down to the base. With some more adjusting, she lifted her legs until her hips folded nearly parallel to her upper body. Her arms wrapped around the back of her thighs to help hold them up. Her knees bent slightly with her lower legs hanging out front like floppy rabbit ears.

Master Robert’s arms slithered in around her sides to the front of Kit. His hands worked their way up her body locking her arms and legs in place as his hands wrapped around her neck with his fingers interlocking. With her held in place, movement from below started. Emma could see short thrusts in and out of Kit's tight hole. There were plenty of noises and shouts of pleasure from Kit especially as the intensity was picked up from the piston-like fucking she was receiving.

Oddly enough Emma found herself even more stimulated from watching while experiencing her own intense romp in her back door with the double ended dildo she was sharing with Brandy. She had been on the brink for a long time now and the extra stimulation from what was happening in front of her was too much. She was begging for release as she did her darndest to hold back from going over the edge.

“Let's make this more interesting to see how much you can take. If you cum before you get permission, I will ask you to leave after and our night is over. If you also cum before this lovely pet, you will lose your time with Nix tomorrow. So, decide what is more important to you. It's not like you get to stop as Brat will continue until I release you.”

Emma whimpered as it was a no-win situation right now. Brandy screamed out as she got off again, soon after. This torment was cruel and delicious in its own way. But Emma didn’t expect it to get even tougher.

She was trying to calm herself down to reduce her urge. But before she knew it, Master Robert was on his knees in front of her still bouncing Kit up and down like a pogo stick on his cock. It wasn’t just the sight, though that was a lot to take in. The vastly underdeveloped body folded in half. Her rings from her piercings in both her nipples and labia bouncing and at times jingling. The slapping sounds as each thrust drove deep. Her face was one of pure pleasure despite the awkward position.

It was the smell that really was getting to Emma. Her arousal was already at its limit, but with them so close it was potent. The smell of sex. Emma thought she could feel the heat from the two of them, but it was likely her imagination. Emma wanted to cry out, to push herself over the edge. She was living that fine line between her personal heaven and hell which was its own added torment to her arousal along with her mental and physical state.

“You realize, Kit here is truly the only real woman between the three of you. As she is the only one with full access to all of her. She has very underrated looks with her uniqueness as well as her small frame allows options for things many others can't. It is clear her previous owner was a fool to give up on someone who has so much to offer. She deserves to be treated well and enjoy the pleasures the two of you can't. You are ready to cum, aren't you, Kit?”

Kit was breathing heavily, and her response seemed labored, “Yes… Sir.”

“You worship Emma and would do anything for her. Wouldn’t you?”

“Yes Sir,” she once again answered while still bouncing up and down.

He whispered into Kit's ear enough that Emma couldn’t understand especially with her own distractions hampering her focus. When he finished, Kit nodded while letting out a soft whimper.

“Kit is going to suffer for you while suffering with you. She is going to show her dedication to you. You will get to prove who you are to her, me, and even to yourself. Brat! Give her all you have, and I will forgive your unpermitted orgasms.”

Emma had been trying to look into Master Robert’s eyes as he spoke. The shriek behind her with the increased intensity from Brandy were almost nightmarish. Her eyes were wide, and her jumbled mind was scrambling. She was being tested and Kit was suffering for her as well. It wasn’t just physically being on edge and holding back. Her willpower and reasoning were under the gun. Her identity and reputation were under the scrutiny of her current predicament.

Worse was Emma found that she was questioning who she was. This was far beyond what she expected. It was easier to be whipped by Miss Keys. She only had to worry about enduring it. This involved others, others who had to endure what was mostly pleasurable. Yet they were being pushed to the point it was becoming less so.

“Please stop! Let her orgasm. I never deserved one anyways. I just serve others to make them happy,” Kit shouted.

Brandy took it upon herself to have another orgasm. Emma was doing everything to continue holding back. It would have been so easy to give in. But Master Robert’s words still resonated in her head. She wasn’t selfish. She didn’t want to be sent away. She also didn’t want to miss her opportunity to see Nix. More importantly Kit deserved an orgasm. It was Emma who chose to be in chastity and forgo orgasms. At least that was her plan. A trip of excess teasing and denial along with lots of fun experiences. That she found she could orgasm in chastity was a surprise.

Master Robert hadn't stopped. He put it on Emma to choose.

“No Kit. You deserve one more than I ever will. You deserve it and so much more. Please Sir, take care of her and let her finish,” Emma basically choked out the words as tears of frustration started leaking from her eyes. Emma had dropped her head and Brandy shrieked, likely from having her nipples pulled.

Emma lifted her head almost immediately and just in time to see Kit go over the edge. Kit was practically mewling in Emma’s mind based on the sounds coming from her. Emma looked at Kit's slack face that held a grin. Emma was happy for her despite her own frustration.

Emma was super glad when her direct stimulation finally stopped. The shower she took to clean up was cold by choice this time to help calm her down. Kit and the others used other showers as far as she knew. It was just a moment of reprieve for Emma to collect herself and take in things once again.

Emma walked out wearing just a towel as her clothing (if you can call what she was wearing before as clothing). She had to ask for her heels as it was one of her personal torments to wear them as much as possible especially when she moved around outside of the shower and sometimes bed. She was then guided to Master Robert after her towel was taken. This left her only in her chastity belt and high heels. She was still a bit shy being this exposed, but it was becoming more common as most of her outfits that she wore on the cruise so far left little to the imagination.

When she reached her latest destination in one of the rooms, she wasn’t alone. A very naked Kit was looking over the forms of other women in vacuum beds. Master Robert seemed to be giving her space to explore. Some were in horizontal positions while others were held up vertically or on an incline. They knew these women would spend their night encased in the latex with the air pulled out and trapping them inside. This was likely Kit's choice of bed for the evening.

Once Kit made her choice, Emma helped Master Robert get her ready and inside. Kit had chosen to try a vertical one for the evening. It took some adjusting due to Kit's size, so they had to get her started horizontally. Emma gave her a kiss on the forehead before dragging the latex over her to line it up. Once she was sealed in and the pumped going, the ultra-petite form was trapped in the latex. She was raised to the vertical position and anchored to ensure she didn’t fall over or have any mishaps.

Emma wasn’t done with Kit, with Master Robert’s permission, she used a wand on Kit. Kit struggled underneath in pleasure, but Emma decided to make it more interesting by kissing her and blocking her airhole periodically. Emma continued to play with her while giving Kit multiple orgasms. She ignored the fact she would get none, and just enjoyed herself with Kit.

Emma and Master Robert left the room to allow Kit and the others to get their rest. Master Robert and she had some discussions as they moved back to the room she first entered. It was clear he wanted to know more of her. She found out Kit planned on sticking around the next day at least and why she was put to bed now. It was Emma’s time with him to focus on her. That eventually brought up her septum piercing and whether she was open to more.

Circling Emma, Master Robert commented, “I have plenty of ideas, but I am limited in what areas I can work with.” He ran his hands over Emma’s DDs. “My first choice would have been to start here, but there are supposed plans for them in the future.”

Emma went to speak, but Master Robert answered the unasked question first, “No, I don’t know the plans for your future. And you know full well who said it, so I don’t need to say more. My relationship with her is friendly and I am not privy to her machinations, or anything related to her businesses and other relationships. She gave me very little about you other than to vouch for you and set up this meeting. She did give me suggestions on what to do and not to do. I am not a sadist, so I won't be whipping you like she is known to. If I am to use anything like that it is much less inflicting pain as it is to add a little extra to a scene and wouldn't leave more than the redness you gave to Brat.”

His hand trailed off her breasts across her abdomen until it reached her belt.

“My second option, when someone is open to it, seems to be off-limits with you, permanently,” he said, further tracing her belt. “I imagine your clit and labia alone would be wonderful to work on if it was an option. I also will stay away from some of the more experimental areas. That leaves mostly above the neck. I did Nix’s tongue earlier. Understand, it was more than one simple piercing. If you are open to it, I would like to do the same to you and possibly up the ante. By that I mean that I would like to add an extra piercing or two along with different hardware, if you agree. I’ll even forgo your second visit if you don’t wish to come back after tonight.”

They discussed further what he wanted and even explained the experimental medication Miss Keys allowed to help it heal faster like some of her previous wounds and piercings. It was why Nix was being observed and she would too to ensure no negative reactions. A brief discussion about how it would affect her from talking as she had plenty of that to do the next day.

In the end, Emma agreed to do it. They also discussed her sleeping arrangements for the evening.

Emma was led to the area she would be sleeping. A number of things were brought in to prepare her for both her piercings and bedtime. But before they fully got to that, Master Robert performed a nightly ritual Emma forgot about. Both breasts were injected, and her usual lactation build up began. Looks like she wasn’t getting milked as usual in the morning.

A couple of women came to assist as Emma was being bandaged up. In this case it was the beginning of her mummification. Her head would be free to do the piercings and observe her. The rest of her would be wrapped up and then encased.

Once the initial layer covered her from the neck down, the next step came with a wet layer of some material she didn’t know. More layers came before a rubber sack tightly encased her body. Emma found she couldn’t move and was truly helpless below the neck.

She was moved to a metal table and secured to it by the sack. Her head was immobilized at her forehead. Once she was settled, it was time to have her tongue pierced, multiple times.

Her arousal was also tormenting her again. Being bound helpless was soothing as well. She found herself drifting into her own little world. Her fantasies run amuck with no chance of release in the form of an orgasm as usual. Instead of letting it bother her this time, she fed the desire in her current state.

*Enjoy the experience,* was her main thought. She had more than a week to go get the most out of this vacation. This was the end of one night and more adventures await her.

She had felt each piercing but ignored it especially as she was blindfolded and wouldn’t get to see the results until the morning. Once they finished, she was left alone while monitored. She had nothing much to do besides let her mind go wild. It didn’t take long for her to doze off.
