---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Saturday Job
authors:
- NickHC
tags:
- F-m
- F+-f
- bond
- teen
- whip
- cane
- spank
- punish
- hum
- pain
- electro
- slave
- sold
- cons
- nc
- XXX
date: 2021-11-12 00:00:00
---

It was the best, the very best Saturday job you could have, she thought. It wasn't just the pay either, which was Gucci, Gucci, Gucci all the way to the bank. It was probably the best Saturday job in the whole world, assuming they had them in other countries. Did they have them in Africa, Europe or India or Australia or…or, well they probably did, she decided as no other country sprang readily to mind. Anyway, it was decidedly an uber-cool Saturday job and certainly beat the hell out of waitressing!

Geography was not her strongest subject, nor English or science and she absolutely detested mathematics, positively loathed it. History could be cool at times, the bits about kings and queens she liked but then there was also politics and battles, boring, mega boring! Likewise dates. Fucking dates, who gave a fuck as to who killed who on what fucking date!

School was like that anyway. It was a great place to be with your squad and your bestie, but yeah, boring with a capital B. It wasn’t that she was stupid or anything, but she just couldn’t get excited about all the crap they kept thrusting at her. Sure, it would affect her life, but it was her life wasn’t it, and so far she’d had no problems she could twist just about anyone she wanted around her little finger couldn’t she? Looks and personality that was what it was all about. The three T’s, teeth, tits and talent!

She checked the watch on her slim, tanned wrist, five minutes before the next one was due. She looked back at her reflection in the colossal mirror that almost filled one wall. Habit, it had become almost automatic to discard whatever implement she’d rounded the session off with then walk over to here and check out her appearance.

Mmmm. A touch sweaty, this room was always on the warm side, probably because it had no natural illumination, no windows that made it kinda odd but then it was also totally soundproof apparently. Well, so she had been told. ‘ Don’t worry too much if they get noisy dear and I am sure they will if you are doing your job correctly.’

No need to grab a tissue from the little pink backpack she thought turning from side to side, not like she was about to strut majestically down a catwalk or pose for a Vogue magazine cover with not a blemish in sight. If anything, that slight sheen of moisture added rather than distracted. It gave her face a somewhat dangerous sexy wild woman look that she rather liked!

Dangerous, well was she, no doubt those who visited her in this room thought she was? That was her Saturday job, though, that is what she was here to do and had been doing for what, nearly six months now? They were always so respectful, so obedient, so passive. Did they think her dangerous or was it more a case of fearing other consequences from her unusual employer should they act otherwise?

She turned one way and then the other, flicking long slender fingers through her shoulder-length, slightly wavy tousled blonde hair. Yeah, that wild look went with this hairstyle, perhaps a half-inch or so off the front next week she mused. Yes, no? Her fingers smoothed down the bright yellow low cut sleeveless top and tucked it back into her fashionable ripped denim shorts. Damn things always rode up when she was energetically whipping squirming butt cheeks. Yellow; she still wasn’t sure about that colour.

Out of habit, she bent forward, the better to view her cleavage. Her bra was in the bag; her mom said yes at all times now, her aged employer said no, not yet dear. They seem fine as they are, firm, proud and still to develop fully, let them enjoy their freedom for a year or two more, they add so much to the spectacle for all of us when you are hard at work!

Makeup was still okay. Mrs Sabbadini did not like the ‘heavy’ look. Foundation, a little eyeliner, shadow and mascara to highlight those beautiful eyes, a touch of glossy pinky-orange lip gloss and that was more or less it. ‘You are still very young dear, young and pretty nay beautiful, don’t overwrite what nature has given you, a light touch, I want you to look at least a year or so younger than you are, we all so appreciate that youthful, energetic sparkle when you go so sweetly to work.’

A low moan sounding from behind distracted her, causing her eyes to flick sideways to another image reflected in the mirror. Oh, so Colin had woken up from his little sleep had he? The poor lamb, he did that frequently, frequently enough to be annoying on some occasions, but experience had taught her to pace herself with him. She did with them all during their allotted thirty minutes, but he had that irritating habit of passing out on her far too often.

That passing out or fainting had caused her a lot of concern in the beginning, not to mention a few moments of absolute panic, but Mrs Sabbadini had been quite unconcerned. ‘One of those annoying little trifles my dear, you will learn to put up with such interruptions and to deal with them as they occur. I expect it will happen with each and every one of them at some point, especially those foolish enough to have earned my severe displeasure. Indeed I would be disappointed if your energetic remedial reminders did not have that effect upon the lazy delinquents!

It did still cause her a little concern, but the smelling salts judiciously applied always seemed to work along with a bit of a break to allow them time to get a grip on themselves, but Colin was becoming a bit of a nuisance. She made a mental note to discuss him with Mrs Sabbadini before going home. Thirty minutes each, no more, no less was the rule, the woman was a stickler for punctuality.

She shivered, there had been that time when she might have lost this job. She was only five minutes late, but Mrs Sabbadini had been most put out and had made that clear. Not angry but, well yes angry, furious even but in a cold calm frighteningly emotionless way. No wonder everyone in this strange household seemed terrified of the elderly soft speaking woman who ruled supreme over it like some medieval despot. Now she ensured she was at least thirty minutes early and waited at the café in the nearby supermarket.

Perhaps she should ask if the thirty-minute rule could be extended in Colin's case. He was her second favourite after Alicia, another fifteen minutes perhaps, yes she’d suggest that. I mean that would be fair all round wouldn’t it? He would receive as much as the others, and she would not be deprived of the time to admonish one of her favourites. Had she been a bit too severe this time? No, she didn’t think so. Colin always sang so sweetly for her when the bamboo firmly caressed his gorgeous butt.

There was something about Colin though that was a bit different. Alicia was another one, but she couldn't quite get an angle on why they seemed different to some of the others? Attitude, yes, possibly that, was it. No doubt the slackers resented her because of her age, whereas the other accepted her without question!

The tip-tap of heels approaching alerted her. High heels, god she’d worn those uncomfortable things a few times. Proms and the like. Thank heavens for comfortable trainers. That would be Alicia bringing the next one on today's list and to release Colin from the flogging bench. Alicia herself was last on that list today which was unusual so she must have been a very naughty girl to earn that dubious honour. There was a respectful knock on the big double doors.

Right on time, she noted looking at her watch again. It was an Apple, the latest model, of course. No point earning megabucks every Saturday if you couldn’t flaunt it, discreetly of course. Her parents were not, repeat that in capitals, NOT very IT aware and would never notice any change from one model to another. The only comment when she’d first bought one had been about the size. ‘Don’t you think that’s a bit ugly dear, what’s wrong with that nice gold one grandma bought you for your fourteenth birthday?’

Yeah, that was a cute watch even if it was only gold plated. Cheap but nice and of course she had been thrilled at the time, but that was like yonks ago now. Well, a couple of years and she hadn’t got the lucrative Saturday job then. Still, a kid and when all is said and done; this wasn’t exactly kids work was it? Legal, yup, well Mrs Sabbadini had assured her it was.

That had bothered her a bit, well more than a bit and still did in a teeny back of the mind, nagging sort of way but like she was ever going to stop, no way! She was no longer ‘jail-bait’ was she? Not in this country anyway.

The law said she could screw her beau Billy Boy Jones legally now couldn’t she? Whether or not she ever would was quite another matter, still making her mind up about that one. Masturbation was one thing, and that vibrator she’d got off eBay was brilliant but a for-real cock up her? A cock with Billy Boy attached to the end of it! Yeah, well maybe her giggling classmates might be curious about such silly objects, but she no longer needed to be, not after six months of Saturday afternoons! Going to the prom with BB was one thing, going to bed with him, um, quite another!

Legal? She had her provisional licence and was taking driving lessons in another part of town, hopefully not to be seen by her parents or some loose mouthed busybody! Nothing wrong with that, she was old enough. Just didn’t want the hassle of having to explain where she got the money. Her dad, sweetie that he was, had also started giving her a few lessons and he was so very proud at how good she was and how quickly she learned. Truth to tell, she did feel a little guilty about that.

Legal? Okay, so it would shock some people, a lot of people no doubt and better no one knew about it, not even her closest friends and of course not her parents, they topped that list! It had shocked her at first, but she’d soon got over that and was surprised at how disappointed she was when she’d finished with the last one that very first Saturday afternoon. Okay, so she couldn’t drink yet, well not legally anyway but nobody ever got their knickers in a twist over a few teen drinks, did they? Well yeah, some parent might like, go ape shit, if you overdid things and got paralytic, but she wasn’t that stupid. Not like that crass idiot, Susan Hardacre grounded for life or what probably felt like it to the silly bitch! There was a rumour that she'd also be nursing a fat belly soon as well. Bad night all round!

Legal? It had bothered her so much that, well, she’d checked on Google. Prostitution, the minimum age for that was eighteen, so that had worried her straight away, but then she checked the definition. Noun: a person, in particular a woman, who engages in sexual activity for payment. Verb: offer (someone) for sexual activity in exchange for payment.

Did that apply to her, was that what she did every Saturday afternoon? Mrs Sabbadini was exceedingly generous considering the few hours ‘work’ that she did. That had concerned her so on the fourth visit she’d rather hesitatingly asked Mrs Sabbadini about it. A part of her hadn’t wanted to because it was so enjoyable and the last thing she wanted was to have to stop, and if she was honest, it wasn’t just the great money. Okay, so yes that was a part of it but certainly not the whole part, not now, no way!

In those first few weeks, Mrs Sabbadini had always sat in with her and watched every session, mostly in silence but occasionally offering a helpful word of advice. Still, she seemed generally content to let her learn by experience and seemed happy with what she saw. Naturally, she’d been very awkward and nervous throughout those first few sessions and relieved that Mrs Sabbadini was there.

Later she found that she much preferred being on her own with them, somehow she felt more liberated, freedom to express her authority her way without worrying about whether the silent onlooker approved or not. Mrs Sabbadini had wisely left her alone after the fourth session, possibly just for that reason, and for the first time, she found herself far more relaxed. Free to experiment as she wished not that her employer had ever interfered overmuch before. They posed no threat to her whatsoever, a fact she quickly discovered to her delight despite some considerable differences in both age and physique. Her authority in this room was absolute. She was both composer and conductor with batten, figuratively speaking, in hand and they invariably sang and danced to her tune!

Mrs Sabbadini still attended sessions but not all that frequently and rarely now for the whole afternoon period. The email list that dinged her inbox every Friday evening would generally give her a clue as to which of the ‘subjects’ had been foolish enough to earn such a voyeuristic visit from their unusual and fearsome employer. Maybe she would wish to view Alicia later.

The woman was Kaylee’s absolute favourite out of all of them. Perhaps it was the twenty-five-plus years' age difference between her and the attractive mature woman; maybe it was the fact that she reminded her of a teacher she'd had a bit of a crush on a year or so back. Could even be the fact she reminded her a little of Alice Silverton's snitch of a mum, that interfering bitch had ratted on her one time and got her grounded for two whole months! Maybe all or neither?

Alicia was special; she never rushed into things with the woman when her turn came, eager though she always was, not to spare the rod! It was so disappointing when she did not see her name on the weekly list. Fortunately for her, that was rare, the foolish woman always seemed to be getting herself into trouble.

How did that handsome woman feel about this ludicrous situation, deep down feel? What did any of them think about it? Could Alicia genuinely crave the humiliation not to mention the pain? Were such things so essential to her life? What sort of salary did Mrs Sabbadini pay her she often wondered?

Maybe at the hands of her older employer, but from Kaylee? How did the older helpless naked bitch feel when a pretty young teen stood before her, clothed and with a cane in her hand that would soon beat her till she screamed and begged her youthful tormentor to cease.

Kaylee loved those first few moments when they were alone together, just the two of them and she could look at the big trembling cow in those sad, frightened yet oddly defiant eyes. Eyes that would be considerably less challenging once the allotted thirty minutes was up and very, very wet! Kaylee always relished taking her time, allowing herself that initial minute or two to stand there flexing a bamboo cane between her hands while staring the helpless naked bitch down, both of them knowing what was about to happen. Yes, that was why she so loved her unusual Saturday job!

Kaylee sometimes wondered a little guiltily if her reluctance toward exploring any sort of intimacy with her boyfriend was because of her growing fascination with Alicia. Would his dick ever deliver the same thrill she felt when running her hand over the sobbing Alicea’s hot squirming blistered bottom?

Mrs Sabbadini had explained her philosophy over tea and cakes, fruit tea that was quite pleasant, at the end of that, well what had been an exceedingly bizarre and slightly worrying first experience. Mega strange but also in a way both exciting and even ultra ‘clit tingling’ as she mentally reviewed the crazy session later while safely ensconced in the privacy of her bedroom indulging herself with a little buzzing pink sex toy!

“I am not a cruel woman, Kaylee. I know perhaps after the last few hours that may seem strange, something of a paradox, but cruelty for cruelties sake serves no purpose. Some would do as you have just done purely for their own amusement and gratification. I have rules and standards in this house, high standards, very high standards, and expect and demand nothing short of absolute perfection at all times. My staff here are very loyal, exceptionally well paid and, I might add, devoted to me, despite the unusual disciplinary procedures rigorously enforced in this household. Indeed, they would not stay if a part of them did not need that which I provide. Money is not everything as I am entirely sure you will soon discover for yourself!

Whether they enjoy it, of course, is entirely another matter! However, I tolerate no slackness, not one inch, and since I lack the strength of arm I used to have I need a surrogate, you are not the first to have filled this position. I hope that you will prove as loyal and as efficient as your predecessor did? She is now in her first year of University, a prestigious overseas one I might add. I was generous, extremely generous with her leaving bounty. Her work over three years was admirable.”

Mrs Sabbadini was a rather formidable person which was strange since she was quite elderly and rather petite in size, but she had that sort of awesome ‘presence’ that made you feel like you were in a room with a giant. Nor apart from that time she’d been a few minutes late had she ever been anything other than friendly and quite charming ‘Is that what's bothering, you dear, I sensed something was amiss today?’

Kaylee had nodded after confessing her doubts about what she was doing and being exceedingly well paid to do. It was the end of her fourth week, and she’d been invited to take afternoon tea again to discuss the situation.

“There are some who might view your, shall we say, your unorthodox weekend employment in that particular sordid light. I, of course, do not. Let me, in turn, pose a question to you, and I am not referring to any feelings you may have experienced during or after you have fulfilled your duties here. No doubt because of the very nature of the work you have seen more than one erect male organ or witnessed a very wet female vulva. Likewise, I know there are those I employ who may have gained some brief sexual release as a result of your most excellent flagellation. Is that not so, but have you ever touched or encouraged such outright impudence?”

That hadn’t been a question she could have answered in the negative in all honesty, but fortunately, Mrs Sabbadini quickly continued.

“Leaving aside, I would quickly hasten to add the natural curiosity expected of one so young. I presume such sights were possibly a completely new experience, in the flesh, at any rate, more tea dear and please do have a cake?”

That had been a question she could answer honestly. Of course, she had explored the naked helpless bodies of her victims, both male and female. Natural curiosity, yes, initially, there was also an undeniable sensual thrill in doing so, in handling intimate helpless captive flesh and it was just as enjoyable for her now as it had been in those first few weeks.

“Quite so Kaylee, I’d be surprised if you didn’t receive some degree of personal satisfaction, I doubt you would even be here if that were not so. The point is that none of those whom you regularly chastise is paying you to provide for them their brief moment of fun, or more importantly, paying you for the far more extended periods which your growing expertise ensures is not fun! I pay you to do a job; it might be mowing the lawn, walking a dog or beating the carpets rather than my servants.

The responsibility is on me. I suppose if we ever went to court, the lawyers would argue the point back and forth and no doubt racking up a considerable bill for me to pay but please don’t let such thoughts bother you. They say professional Dominants are not prostitutes, I believe, don’t they? A debatable point since those that make use of their services undoubtedly expect them to provide some form of sexual release by whatever means at the end of such sessions. Have you ever wanked off one of those cocks? Or frigged that wet slut Helen to orgasm, have you?”

She’d gone bright red at that question then giggled. “Well Ma’am,” she confessed, “never deliberately. I always thought it was rather naughty if they did that, but there has been the odd accident when I might have been a bit too hands-on but only out of curiosity. I would never deliberately encourage that sort of thing, it seems…”

“Go on,” Mrs Sabaddini had leaned forward with perceptive interest in her eyes. “Seems what Kaylee, do tell?”

“Well ma’am sort of wrong, just plain wrong, disrespectful to you, I mean they are not there for their pleasure are they, I mean they are there to be punished by me on your behalf for their domestic failures so…so it sorta feels like I am failing you!”

Mrs Sabbadini had smiled, nodded slowly and sipped at her tea. “Quite right, you are an extension of my authority, just as the various implements you have learnt to use so effectively are an extension of your absolute authority over them. It is nothing to worry about whether such incidents occur accidentally or through a certain amount of occasional assistance on your part. The fault is entirely theirs for an inexcusable lapse, both of control and self-discipline. There is a simple remedy for such impertinence, my dear. I suggest the next time someone gets an erection or becomes over wet, find yourself a riding crop one with a substantial leather flap at the tip. Apply that flap firmly, very firmly several times on the appropriate targets; you will find both cock and vulva highly sensitive to such a direct object lesson I assure you.”

Kaylee had found herself nodding in approval, how she had changed from that first tentative exploratory afternoon. Mrs Sabbadini had smiled again at her and added. “Don’t worry yourself about what you Googled dear; this establishment is watertight so unless you feel like divulging any little secrets to loose-tongued friends I would not anticipate any difficulties arising from our little arrangement. In the unlikely event of that happening you can rest assured that I have the financial means, the lawyers and the appropriate friends to... Well, let us say, to minimise anything unpleasant!”

---

“Quicker, girl” Kaylee snapped at Alicia, taking way too long. “Your lazy inefficiency is depriving poor Maurice there of his full thirty minutes, and I see he needs it this week. Quicker girl and don’t forget that you are on last, you don’t want me angry by then do you, or perhaps ask Mrs Sabbadini to extend your time, eh girl?

Her eyes dropped to her cell phone. Point of fact she never did get angry, occasionally irritated but never angry. That might be a dangerous emotion under these circumstances and anyway she prided herself on being just as efficient whether it be the first or the last of the day she was dealing with.

Alicia wasn’t any slower than usual as she released Colin and replaced him with the rather repulsive short fat, bald naked figure of Maurice. It inevitably gave her a kick though to address the attractive forty-something maid as ‘girl’. Probably why she was her favourite and last on the list today for the first time, now that would be fun, for her anyway.

Was she a closet lesbian, she wondered? Her interests and curiosity in the male anatomy had diminished quite significantly in the last six months. Likewise, she had yet to hear one believable story from those of her friends who’d sampled a bit of ‘dicking’ and claimed to find it thoroughly enjoyable.

She glanced down at last night’s email. Every week she received the list of names and the order in which they would submit to her chastisement in this room. Likewise, there was a list of numbers next to each name, numbers that would determine their fate, determine how loud they would sing for her today as she thought of it. Maurice was down for 18, 12/1, 6/2.

It was a simple system. The first was the number of strokes she was to deliver, and that could be anything from a dozen upwards. The highest she’d ever applied had been fifty to this same fat slob about to receive the eighteen allocated for today. The other numbers formed a basic scale, one to three. One meant hard enough to wriggle and writhe in considerable pain. Two meant sufficient to make them scream and beg, perhaps even faint. Three, well three was a rarity, but she had done that on more than one occasion. Three meant blood and agony, screaming, pleading begging and frequent use of the smelling salts. There was no release though, no reprieve, her task was to carry on till the final stroke was delivered. Mrs Sabbadini was the one who sent the email; she was merely the taskmistress who carried out her work as ordered.

That had been something else that had bothered her early on. There was no holding back in this place, was there? One of her main interests at school had been tennis, and she certainly had a strong right arm, one that could and did wield cane, whip or paddle with vicious intent. Could it be that she was a sadist? She must be, mustn't she? To come here once a week and to enjoy doing what she did for not once after that first afternoon had she wavered in carrying out her assignments. There were no safe words in this house! No mercy, such pleas fell on deaf ears, hers!

She never questioned the list and rarely bothered herself as to what transgressions had occurred to earn the wrath of her unusual employer. Occasionally such as today, her curiosity was aroused, she’d definitely question Alicia as to why the silly bitch found herself on the bench last and sentenced to 30, 20/2 then a fearsome 10/3.

In the early days, it was only natural that her curiosity needed to be satisfied as to what transgressions could have such painful consequences. They were usually very trivial but added up over the week. Toast not crisp enough or too crisp, an unnoticed minor chip in a cup laid out for tea, bathwater a few degrees too hot, dust on a rail and so on. Trivial and yet ultimately painful. Mrs Sabbadini did indeed set exceptionally high standards.

During those first few afternoons, Mrs Sabbadini had nominated which of the many corrective implements available she should use. Likewise how hard and upon what part of her victims' anatomy, along with advice as to the effect each device would have on the miscreant receiving its painful bite.

Any initial tendency towards leniency on her part was quickly negated. Should any stoke, cut or blow be deemed insufficient it had to be repeated until the lady of the house was satisfied, nor did such repeats count towards the offender's grand total! These days the choice was left entirely up to her as her familiarity with the various and numerable implements of torture available became more practised.

There was perhaps a slight flaw in the simple system, one that she could (and did) exploit, and she wondered if her employer was aware of it. Probably but she had never mentioned it. The limits on her were not one hundred percent rigid. Take that slob Maurice over there now awaiting her attention. He was her absolute least favourite, the greasy white-skinned slug, so she just adored making him sing!

There was nothing to stop her turning a couple of the first dozen strokes into number twos, was there? And the second batch might accidentally have a number three in it every so often. Not her fault, you couldn’t expect her to get every one right, could you? Heck, you couldn’t hit a perfect backhand or forehand on the court every time either could you?

Strange was it not? Slug like Maurice was her least favourite and yet she still adored these thirty-minute sessions with him… him and all the nasty toys available! Then she also adored the sessions with her favourite Alicia in just the same way, or yes, more so. Slug Maurice always seemed so passive, so resigned no matter what she did to him.

Alicia was different. It wasn't just the fact of her alluring appearance and age though both of those appealed to Kaylee in a way that sometimes troubled her. The woman had an attitude about her, a little indefinable extra something? There was always that slight hesitance to allow herself to be restrained, usually by Maurice upon the padded flogging bench, a certain veiled hostility, anger even, towards the girl gainfully employed to chastise her for all those weekly misdemeanours. Whatever, it added a little extra to the sessions Kaylee enjoyed with her.

Over in the corner, the winking little red light on one of the cameras briefly caught her eye, was she being watched or recorded, probably both, but then this house and grounds were covered with the things, and she had long ceased to be self-conscious about anything she did in this room.

Maurice had his head turned towards her watching intently, and she noticed with satisfaction, was that fifty-year-old overweight dog turd shaking a little? Would he get a stiffie again today she wondered, and the bad news for him was that Mrs Sabbadini did not regard those ‘love taps’ with the riding crop tip as part of the days' allotment! She regarded him coldly then turned and selected a wooden paddle with holes in it, a medium whippy cane and the appropriate riding crop just in case the naughty ‘boy’ decided to show her some impertinence! It was time to earn her pay.

---

Mrs Sabbadini dropped her bombshell just as she was preparing to leave. As she’d predicted, the lady of the house had accompanied Alicia when her turn came and taken her usual comfortable seat while Maurice secured the naked, frightened women to the flogging bench. There was none of her usual veiled attitude this time Kaylee had noted, the girl, or rather woman, was trembling with fright especially when Mrs Sabbadini glanced at her.

“The thick cane and the wooden paddle I think Kaylee, please. Warm this slovenly bitch up good and hard, and I mean hard with the paddle then you can shred her sluttish bottom with the cane. I’ll teach her to make cow eyes at those she shouldn’t!”

It had turned into one of the most punitive sessions she had ever done, nor was it left entirely to her as she had become accustomed to by now. That aged figure, so comfortably seated, was not happy about something and kept demanding “Harder, harder Kaylee.” Not only that she’d verbally added another half dozen strokes which was a first! Likewise, the way the traumatised Alicia, upon being released from the bench, collapsed to the flaw then had to crawl to Mrs Sabbadini’s shoes and lather them with her tongue at the snap of her employers' fingers.

Mrs Sabaddini had quietly asked her to join her in the main downstairs lounge once she’d finished freshening herself up ready to depart. What was that all about she wondered in the bathroom, had she done something wrong was that why she’d virtually supervised that last chastisement session? Her whole manner had been frighteningly cold during that session with Alicia. Well, no point in hanging around up here!

The warm smile and the gracious gesture to seat herself she was greeted with put her mind to rest, but the first words didn’t, not one bit.

“Help yourself to tea and some cake, dear. By the way, I spoke to your mother a little earlier today.”

“Wh…what, you spoke to….why?” her eyes went wide, and she found herself sitting bolt upright, ridged, gripping the arms of the chair.

“Oh, calm yourself girl, nothing to worry about, not in the sense you are thinking anyway. What you have been doing here so efficiently every Saturday afternoon for the last six months as I have said on previous occasions is of no concern to outsiders, none whatsoever regardless of who they are.”

Kaylee nodded and relaxed a little, sinking back into her chair but still feeling somewhat wary and more than a little apprehensive. An insistent wagging finger pointed to the teapot, so she poured herself a cup but managed to slop a good quarter over into the saucer due to her shaking hand.

Mrs Sabbadini smiled again. She had a beautiful smile on those rare occasions she chose to use it. Kaylee noticed for the first time what gleaming white teeth she had and wondered absently if they were still her own or were they dentures. Funny the things you think of in moments of stress.

“Yes, I called in to say hello and thank her for the work you have been doing around my house and for me. I wasn’t specific of course; in fact, I think she rather gained the impression that you were acting as, well let us say ‘an elderly ladies companion’. You leave school in just over a month I believe and will not be continuing with any form of further education?”

Kaylee nodded.

“No plans whatsoever you mother said, oh she did mention something about waitressing”

Kaylee nodded again. “Only temporary, I have something lined up at a fast-food joint a couple of days a week.”

There was a pained sigh. “So, flipping burgers dear, is that what you want to do?”

“Well I have been sending pictures off, photos, model agencies that sort of thing, but….” she trailed off under her keen scrutiny. “I was never very interested in schoolwork,” she admitted.

“So, your mother told me. Bright but bored far too easily. Modelling you know is a very cut-throat business, and from what I have heard not nearly as glamorous as girls your age think. Nor very lucrative unless you are one of the few, the very few at the top and for every one of those there are probably a thousand even ten thousand wannabes.”

Kaylee sighed and nodded again. “Yeah, yes ma’am I know that, but at this stage, I honestly haven't a clue what I want to do, not a clue. I suppose that I should have given a hell of a lot more thought to it, shouldn’t I? Maybe I ought to take evening classes or something.”

“Hmmm, you don’t sound very convinced, dear!”

Kaylee took a sip from her cup conscious of those steely blue eyes boring into her, while several long seconds ticked past, then the smile came back. “How would you like to work for me Kaylee, full time I mean, and it would be a residential position. Your mother wasn’t opposed to the idea I might add.” She took up a pen and scribbled something on a scrap of paper and then again on the other side and passed it to Kaylee. “I told your mother that is what I would pay you.”

Kaylee looked down at the scribbled figure well; sheesh, it was way way better than what the burger bar would pay, or most places come to that!

“I take it that you had not told your parents what you received from me every Saturday via the usual envelope left on the hall dresser?”

Kaylee shook her head. “Only a portion of it, you have been more than generous and…well, questions you know, I…”

“You enjoyed doing what you have done, that I do know Kaylee, unusual, bizarre even as the work is. Tell me honestly now, suppose I’d suddenly pleaded poverty and cut the amount in half or even by two thirds, would you still have trailed over here every Saturday? Be truthful please.”

Yet again, she nodded. “Oh yes ma’am, it's been….well, of course, I would have come. I’d have come for nothing! I only wish…”

“What do you wish, Kaylee?” Mrs Sabbadini leaned forward and once again Kaylee was conscious of those penetrating eyes. “Tell me now, what is it you wish for Kaylee?”

She blushed a little and sighed, for it was an easy question to answer. "Well, Saturday just never seemed to come around fast enough, another afternoon or maybe an evening or two evenings would have been so much fun” she confessed wistfully and meant it.

“Ahhh”, Mrs Sabdadini sat back in her chair, smiling "Fun for you anyway Kaylee. Not for those who suffered as a result of your considerable enthusiasm and ruthless efficiency. I, on the other hand, was very impressed. Turn the paper over Kaylee, that one I just gave you, look at the amount I wrote on the other side, do it now, please.”

She did as asked, no politely ordered, looked at the figures, blinked, looked again then at Mrs Sabbadini then back to the paper, then sort of gasped aloud, “No, I mean what the f….?”

“I didn’t exactly lie to your mother Kaylee; it would be delightful to have your company here full time. I am an old woman, after all, and having a lively, energetic young girl around to assist would undoubtedly be stimulating. However, old though I am, I need neither nurse nor companion as yet. The main reason for my generous offer is because you have talent, my dear, the right ability, attitude and enthusiasm that my business needs. I have an instinct for picking the right people. Why do you think you got offered this unusual job in the first place? I spotted your potential straight away at the tennis club.”

Kaylee was puzzled, and must have looked it, for her host laughed, which annoyed her a little, but then Mrs Sabbadini smiled at her then reached out for a small handbell on the nearby side table and shook it imperiously.

“Ma’am,” it was Maurice looking completely different, almost stately rather than fat, in his immaculate black butler's suit.

“Fetch Colin here immediately.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“The little weekly interludes upstairs have been illuminating and no doubt as you indicated, highly entertaining for you, but my household staff don’t need more than one visit a week. Another afternoon, especially under your effective remedial attentions or two evenings might be overkill I think, though you might enjoy it.”

“So why…” she stopped as Mrs Sabbadini held up a white wrinkled age-spotted hand.

Maurice and Colin returned, the latter looking somewhat dishevelled wearing nothing but a pair of boxer shorts and a damp plastic apron and a wary, almost frightened expression as he immediately bobbed low to bow. “Sorry, ma’am I was scrubbing the kitchen floor when…”

“No matter Colin,” the hand waved again to silence him. The cold eyes regarded him for a moment, and Kaylee noted how he trembled and had avoided looking at his boss. There was a long pause then Mrs Sabbadini tapped at the device on her wrist, one Kaylee had noticed on many occasions, some fancy alternative to an Apple watch she had supposed but not quite so compact. It wasn’t a watch!

By now, Kaylee was used to Colin and others screaming; she had made them do just that on numerous occasions but never like that. It was frightening, Kaylee jumped out of her chair at the sound as Colin leapt into the air shrieking in agony then collapsed writhing on the floor finally going quite still and silent. There was also a faint whiff of burning in the air and something else that she couldn’t identify, but it wasn't pleasant. Mrs Sabbadini she noted had lifted a slender beringed finger off whatever she had just pressed and held.

“Maurice, if you would kindly do the honours!”

Maurice bent down and quickly checked the unconscious figure and nodded to his employer. “Still breathing ma’am.”

“Then remove him, Maurice, remove him. Put him back where he belongs, do the usual and give me an update later. It looks as though the wretch has been lucky yet again.”

“So, it would seem Ma’am! Maurice bent down, and with strength, she wouldn’t have suspected picked the seemingly lifeless figure up and carried him from the room. The cold eyes watched, and her hand gestured for Kaylee to reseat herself.

“A little example of my power Kaylee, my humble or perhaps not so humble abode, my entire domain, is well served by many electronic security devices.”

Yet again Kaylee nodded her mind in a whirl for clearly something significant had just happened but what? “I have noticed all the cameras, ma’am.”

“Just a small part of it girl, there is a whole lot more that is not noticeable. I have as you are fully aware, no less than eight house servants to cater to my needs. You, of course, know them all well, having ensured that they live up to my exacting domestic standards.

She nodded for the umpteenth time.

“What you are not aware of is that only six of them serve me willingly, loyal, long-term, devoted, pain craving submissive masochists, all of them. Maurice, for instance, is one. The other two, Colin and Alicia, are considerably less enthusiastic about serving me.” She paused to consider. “A little strange, one might even say ungrateful given the alternatives I have available!”

Kaylee struggled for a moment then gaped open mouth in astonishment at her that had taken a little while to penetrate, and then she gripped the chair arms again. “You mean they are…they are sort of like slaves, real slaves!”

Mrs Sabbadini shook her head, “No dear, there is no ‘sort of like’ about it, they are slaves, my slaves and they will be till they die which might even have been tonight in that lazy wretch’s case! That jolt ought to have knocked out a gorilla, a little more severe than I had intended, but we all make mistakes! No, don't look so shocked, surely you must have realised by now that my unusual household was not quite what it seemed? No, well you do surprise me, girl!”

“That, that thing on your wrist; it’s like a dog shock collar?”

“Mmmm along those lines, dear. Collars can be such unsightly devices, I used to use them, but now they all carry implants, much neater and might I add, considerably more effective if of course vastly more expensive. There are certain areas should they be foolish enough to approach where they would be shocked just as you witnessed. Attempting to leave my service, well that would be even more foolish, not to say fatal! Now I will ring for some fresh tea, and while they are busying themselves I’ll take you on a little tour, come, dear. ”

She rose and took Kaylee’s arm, she didn't resist but bemusedly allowed herself to be led. “Don’t panic, dear, nothing will happen to you, I promise. I can feel you shaking. You can go home anytime you want, but don’t imagine that if you decide to come back with the relevant authorities that they will find anything amiss, just a rather silly confused silly old woman and a few loyal staff. I doubt that they would have a search warrant or bother to get one, so I have nothing to fear, nor as I have said do you”.

All very well, but she was still reeling from what she had just so casually been told and the callous way poor Colin had been used presumably just as an example. She was reluctant; she didn't precisely dig her heels in, but she was scared, very scared.

“Tch tch, dear, don’t be a silly girl” Mrs Sabbadini stopped and faced her. “Tell me now, tell me what were you doing to Alicia upstairs not even thirty minutes ago, tell me, Kaylee?”

“Beating her,” she whispered.

“Louder Kaylee, tell me.”

“Beating her, I was beating her.”

“Correct and how many times did she pass out and what did you do, tell me, Kaylee?” her voice was firm and insistent.

“Three times, three times, I revived her with the salts.”

“Tut-tut Kaylee, three times that wretched woman fainted from the pain you were causing her. Three times and did you stop, no, of course, you didn’t and why and don’t tell me because I was paying you. We both know that you were behaving with abominable cruelty yet you carried on, why, answer me, Kaylee?”

Kaylee went red-faced then took a deep breath. “Because I was enjoying it, I guess.”

Mrs Sabbadini laughed delightedly and leaned forward slightly. “Do you know Maurice is far more scared of you than your two predecessors, I’m so impressed!”

“What happened to them?” she asked quietly.

“Please look again at that bit of paper in your hand, Kaylee. You know which side I mean. I will admit to telling you one little white lie. Your predecessor, Annabelle did not go abroad to University; she fully intended to, but then after I allowed her to take a peek through that door she decided that Humanities and Social Sciences might be rather dull and nowhere near as remunerative. Her favoured workplace is my stable block. That girl just loves the ponies. You can say hello to her, perhaps in a minute or two. Jenny, her predecessor, was always more interested in the kennel occupants, she left a few months ago to take up a similar but more responsible position with a couple I am acquainted with who are exclusively into the canine scene.“

She folded her arms and stood, looking at Kaylee. "Thinking back, I may have told another little untruth, did I not once tell you that I am not a cruel woman, and that cruelty for cruelties sake serves no purpose?"

Yet again, Kaylee nodded.

“Well, I am a cruel woman, an exceedingly cruel woman, but I do have a purpose, and cruelty is the only effective way of achieving my goals for both pleasure and business. Now, Kaylee, you can go back that way, collect your final envelope from off the hall dresser and Maurice will see you out, and I will wish you every success with your, er burgers! Whatever happens from now on, I will need to find a new domestic disciplinarian, won’t I?” she paused for a long moment before continuing.

“Alternatively, you can accompany me through that heavy security door, over there into the adjacent building, and enter my employment on a full-time basis. I have three other girls who will be happy to share their work-load and luxurious lifestyle with you. You have seen the salary offer on that slip of paper. As I recall you wanted an extra afternoon or evenings, did you not? Beyond that door, Kaylee you will find my specialised but very lucrative business.”

Kaylee looked at her dubiously, then at the heavy door then back towards where they had come from then back to Mrs Sabbadini. “Business?”

“Oh come, Kaylee, you are not stupid, nor that naive. My instinct has never failed me. I just told you about Colin and Alicia, didn’t I? Supply and demand for a very unique product. My exclusive clientele has very broad interests, broad interests but frequently very exact requirements! Your job will be to see that what I supply is appropriately trained to meet such demands. My business, dear girl, is a full-time ongoing operation as indeed are my numerous exotic private diversions. You would have far better than an extra afternoon or a couple of evenings, that I can promise. Each day will be one very long Saturday afternoon from morning till night, dear!

Kaylee looked at her. Was she serious, she was wasn’t she, absolutely fucking one hundred per cent serious. Her eyes dropped to the figure scribbled on the piece of paper in her hand then she looked at the heavy steel door with an illuminated keypad mounted adjacent to it. ‘Each day will be one very long Saturday afternoon from morning till night, dear!’ Fucking hell, her mind drifted momentarily upwards to that stuffy windowless room and to the events of less than an hour before, fucking hell, beyond that door…..

Mrs Sabbadini had waited patiently but was watching Kaylee intently, she now spoke again. “I am afraid that unlike masochistic Maurice, those who await beyond will neither crave nor appreciate your unique talents. The absolute opposite. Neither obedient nor passive, not until you work your magic! No restrictions whatsoever when you make them sing for you. No thirty-minute sessions for these creatures.”

“No restrictions…?”

Mrs Sabbadini smiled. “Well, just one or two fundamental ones, the stock is rather valuable after all, but I guarantee that you will be able to indulge yourself to your heart's content and probably more! I have noted that you are somewhat taken with Alicia, are you not?

Kaylee blushed then nodded.

“Umm, well I am getting a trifle tired of her inefficiency, there is a new woman freshly arrived that I may transfer to my household. Perhaps as you are familiar with my standards, we might make her a special starting project for you to cut your teeth on as it were, to prepare her. The girls all have their special servants to serve them in the staff apartment; perhaps you would like me to assign Alicia to you? Anyway, Kaylee, enough talk. You must choose now, the tour of my little empire or back to the front hall and your final pay cheque. Choose Kaylee, choose now.

Kaylee looked one way, and then the other and back down at that scrap of paper; her hot fingers were still clutching. It was a lot of money, an awful lot, but then what had she said only ten minutes ago. ‘I would have come. I’d have come for nothing! I only wish…’. She took a deep breath and made her choice.
