---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: His Sweet Spot
authors:
- ZTVFemdomtales
tags:
- F-m
- flirt
- tease
- collapse
- kiss
- strip
- sex
- climax
- captive
- bond
- vibe
- enslave
- femdom
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2017-02-18 00:00:00
---

She hadn't meant to kidnap him. It just happened.

She had flirted with him everyday when he dropped off her mail. That's all it was: playful flirting.

She had been stroking the side of his face when it happened. She was just playing like they always did and he was into it. Then her hand slipped onto his neck.

He flinched. He always did when she got too close to it. She paid it no mind.

Her thumb absentmindedly found its way to a small mole like bump. He shuddered. She wasn't thinking. She didn't do it intentionally.

She applied a little pressure. His body shook like he was in the middle of the best orgasm of his life before collapsing limply in her arms.

Panic kicking in she drug him into her home and onto her living room couch. She began fumbling for her phone.

"Don't worry, I'm calling 9-1-1."

"No, don't," he said sitting up.

"Are you sure?"

"I'm fine. I have a little ... genetic abnormality. A bunching of nerves under that spot you found. It over stimulates my body. It doesn't hurt. It's like ... being overwhelmed by pleasure. It leaves me a little weak afterwards but that goes away after a few minutes."

"As long as you're sure."

"I'm sure."

She sat down next to him.

"So what you're saying is you have an orgasm button?"

He laughed at that.

"I wouldn't call it that. It's just more of a ... sweet spot."

"God that must make sex amazing."

"I wouldn't know. I don't tell people about it if I don't have to. It's kind of embarrassing. I mean who wants a guy who becomes helpless with a touch."

A deep burning desire burst forth deep within her she had never felt before. It was like she had lost all control.

"I do."

She grabbed him and shoved her tongue down his throat. While he was distracted she pressed his sweet spot. He shuddered and collapsed onto the couch.

While he lay there helpless she yanked down his pants and tossed off her own.

Before he could recover she mounted him and rode him with wild abandon. She would speed up and slow down trying to make sure they came together.

As she felt him about to explode she pressed his spot again. It was ... transcendent.

They lay there panting. He began to get up and put his pants back on.

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"I've got to get back to my rounds before my boss kills me. I'll be back when I'm done."

"You're done."

She pressed again. He collapsed into her arms and she drug him off to her bedroom. Every time he tried to leave she pressed.

When she wasn't home she duct tapped a vibrator to his back so the head was on his sweet spot keeping him weak and awaiting her arrival.

No she hadn't meant to kidnap him.

But now that she had there was no way in hell she was ever going to let him leave.
