---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiesad/drider4.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: 'Drider 4: War'
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- Other/mf+
- driders
- wrap
- silk
- cocoon
- susp
- web
- captives
- nc
- X
date: 2006-12-23 00:00:00
---

**Drider 4:
War!**

Special thanks to Kemmer for suggesting some of the ideas in this story

The cold night
air stung Antonio as he walked through the desert. He cursed himself for
not bringing a coat. He didn’t even bring a jacket. All he had was
a shirt and his jeans.

"*Stupid,
stupid!*" He cursed himself. "*You're such a fool
Antonio! You might freeze out here, and you didn’t think to bring a
jacket did you?*"

He kicked a rock
in frustration. The Mexican watched as it skipped across the ground,
coming to rest at the edge of a fence. That fence caused
Antonio to forget all of his worries which had so plagued him only a few seconds
earlier. Here it was. The border between the U.S. and Mexico.
It was the border leading to his new life. Excited, he
sprinted to the fence and grabbed it. He scurried up the metal fence with
ease and managed to leap over. He had done it! He was in the states!

He was so
ecstatic that he literally leaped for joy. He was here! A new life
awaited him!

He started to
jog, when he lost his balance and fell. He grunted in surprise as the
ground dug into his face. Spitting out some blood, he started to get to
his feet. But instead of
rising, he went backwards. Surprised, the man tried getting up again.
But again, he went backwards. Antonio looked
back. What he saw terrified him. There was a white
rope-like thing around his ankles. It led off into the darkness, vanishing
down a hole.

"*No!*"
He thought. "*The Americans have got me!*" But how?
He hadn't heard anything. His sharp eyes hadn't seen anything.

As if sensing his
confusion, the rope began to pull. Fast.

Antonio was
dragged towards the hole, the rough and sharp desert digging into his body as he
was dragged. He cursed and shouted for help. But he was all
alone. There wasn't another human being for miles around. He started to
scream hysterically as he reached the hole. Hands flailing, he tried to
grab a branch, anything to stop his movement. He caught hold of a bush,
only to have it disintegrate in his hands. Letting out a
howl of pure terror, the homeless Mexican was pulled, screaming, into the hole.

Silence fell upon
the desert. There was no sign that the man who walked there only a few
minutes ago had ever existed. An hour passed. There was movement near the hole. It began to
crumble. The hole collapsed completely. There was the
sound of many bodies moving. Inhuman shapes began to appear in the hole,
coming out, climbing into the cool night air.

To them, it felt
like paradise.

\*\*\*

Theodore moaned
as his alarm clock went off. Its buzzing noise
was so annoying, so disturbing to the peaceful dream that he had been having
only a moment ago, feeling the warmth of his mothers arms…

He groaned and
tried to go back to sleep, to shut out that infernal noise. But it refused
to let him rest. "*Get out of bed!*" it shrieked.
"*A new day ahead of you!*"

Gritting his
teeth, he gave in and slammed his fist on the "off" button. The
infernal contraption finally shut down. The young man
groaned and shook his head, feeling the warmth and comfort of sleep sloughing
off him as he slipped out from under the comforter and slipped on his green
bathrobe. The apartment was
quiet as he heated up some waffles for breakfast. A fan blew quietly in
the corner. The stereo played Mozart as Theodore munched down on blueberry
waffles.

He gave a glance
at the clock and cursed. Classes started in an hour. "*Why?*"
He thought to himself. "*Why do classes have to start so early?
Why not nine? Why not ten?*" The young man
grumbled to himself as he got dressed for college.

\*\*\*

The large
building was the only feature for miles. The desert lay to the north, to the
south, to the east, and to the west. This was the
local seismology building. Its sole purpose in life was to measure
earthquakes and other movements of the earth. Sensors lay
inside the building, quiet and still. The lights were off, the air
conditioners hummed, and all was peaceful.

No one was there
to see it, though some felt it. The building began to shake. It was
small at first. But then it grew. And grew. And grew. The sensors came
to life, needles scribbling fast and furious at the paper running underneath
them. The lines being written down were off the charts.

It was a big one.
The biggest the states had ever felt. And unknown to almost all, it was
only going to get worse.

It played out
across the world. Not all at once, but close.

Within the period of an hour, every single fault line all around the world was
shaking and quaking. It was a world
wide earthquake. Completely unheard of. The event seemed so remote,
so completely impossible, that it wasn't even included in textbooks. Yet
it was happening.

\*\*\*

The president of
Russia was eating a snack when he felt it. He felt the floor beneath him
begin to shake. Then it quaked, swaying to and fro. He dropped his
food and ran for the nearest doorway, remembering what his school had taught him
about earthquakes. He braced his form inside the entryway, clutching the
wood tightly. The quake
continued. There were loud cracks, loud explosions as the building around
him began to tear apart. The president
prayed. He prayed for the quake to stop before it destroyed everything
around him. But his prayer was not answered. The quake continued. For five full minutes, the quake went on. To the president, it felt like a
lifetime.

At last, it
finally stopped. The building stopped shaking. The floor was still
again. Moving
cautiously, the present walked on the floor, heading for the window. His
instincts wanted him to see what had happened to the city outside. He knew
it would be bad. The sight that
awaited him outside his window confirmed the worst. Pillars of smoke rose
for miles. There were distant screams, both of humans and of ambulances.

The president
cursed. He needed help. This would take the efforts of many to clean
this up.

\*\*\*

Those in France
felt the quake too. And like in Russia, it went on for a full five
minutes. Buildings shook
and fell. Streets cracked and split, creating deep wounds in the earth.
Panicked citizens ran for shelter. Many were crushed in the chaos, both
from people and from buildings.

Scientist Jean
Pierre was in his laboratory when the glass began to fall around him. He
froze for a moment, stunned at the sight of vials and chemicals falling to the
floor. The roar of the
ceiling collapsing caught his attention. Snapped out of his stupor, the
old man ran for the exit, shouting for his daughter, who was somewhere inside
the laboratory.

He heard her
voice, calling to him from somewhere behind him. He spun, instinctively
trying to find his loved one. But it was a mistake. A large chunk of
ceiling plaster fell and landed on him. He collapsed to the ground, blood
flowing from his head.

And still it went
on.

\*\*\*

The quakes all across Europe, Asia, Russia, and Africa lasted a full five
minutes. In five short minutes, thousands of cities, towns, and villages
were destroyed. Millions were killed or injured. The Pacific Rim
shook from the quakes. Tokyo was hit especially hard. Skyscrapers
fell, smashing into the streets below. Long dormant
volcanoes erupted. All across the pacific, volcanoes came to life, spewing
magma and ash into the sky.

The United States
and her neighbors Canada, Mexico, and South America were not spared the
destruction. The continents shook and quaked.

And still it went
on.

\*\*\*

Theodore was
driving to school, anxiously glancing at his watch every few seconds, and
cursing afterwards. Not enough time, not enough time. He was going
to be late! Glancing over his
shoulder, he quickly turned into the fast lane and sped up.
Sixty…seventy…eighty…ninety…if he could keep going, he might make it in
time…

A siren dashed his hopes. Looking behind him, Theodore saw a police car
right behind him, its sirens wailing. The officer signaled for him to pull
over. The Young man
couldn't help but scream a curse in anger. They got into a
turn off lane, the kind used for runaway trucks. There was no one else in
sight for miles. There would be plenty of time to issue the ticket.

An officer walked
up to the car. Angry, but determined not to show it, Theodore rolled down
the window.

"Well, well." The officer chuckled. "What do we have
here? A little runaway!"

"Could you
please give me the ticket?" Theodore said through clenched teeth.
"I'm late for class. I've got to get there as soon as I can."

"Whoa!" The officer said, raising his hands. "Calm
down there partner!"

"I am calm." Theodore said as calmly as he could.
"I'm just in a hurry. My finals are today, and I can't afford to miss
them."

"Now, now." The officer said. "Let's just cool down
buddy! Let's just cool down!"

Theodore hissed
silently. The man was toying with him. He obviously had nothing
better to do.

"Look."
Theodore said again. "I'm sorry I was speeding. Now, please
write me the ticket."

"I'm afraid not." The officer said sadly. "You've got
to cool down a bit. Maybe a little stay in jail will do that."
The man grinned.

"You must be joking!" Theodore said, rapidly loosing his
composure.

"Come
on." The officer said. "Out of the car. Don't make
me call for backup."

Growing, his face
turning red, Theodore got out of the car.

The officer took
his sweet time in pulling out the handcuffs. "Now," he said
cheerfully. "Why don't you just turn around so I can put these on
you?"

It took all of
Theodore's willpower not to throw a punch. This guy obviously just wanted
to have fun. Stupid cops.

"Look,"
Theodore said. "I just want the stupid ticket. Why can't you
get that?!"

The man's smile
faded. "Son, you just threatened an officer." He pulled
out his pistol. "That's a federal offense."

"I was not
threatening you!" Theodore said. "I was not threatening
you."

"Get up against the car." The officer ordered.
"Now!"

"No!"
Theodore said. "You've got no right to do this!"

The officer
reached for his radio… then vanished.

It happened so
fast that Theodore didn’t have time to figure out what happened. One
second the policeman was there… and then he was gone.

Looking down, he
saw what had happened. There was a crack at Theodore's feet. One big
enough to swallow a man.

But… where had
it come from? It hadn't been there a moment ago.

There was a loud
tearing noise. Then the ground began to shake. "Shit!"
Theodore shouted. An earthquake!

Not bothering to
see if the cop had survived, the college student grabbed his backpack out of the
car and ran off the road. He reached the fence just as a huge crevice
appeared in the road, widening with each passing second. The officer's car
teetered on the ledge, then fell into the earth. A few seconds later,
Theodore's car followed.

Theodore watched
it all in shock. The loud tearing noise got louder. The freeway
began to buckle and tear. Huge cracks and crevices were appearing in the
asphalt. Theodore looked down the road and saw cars coming towards the
cracks. Cars screeched to
a stop in a desperate attempt to not fall in. Within seconds, there was a
huge pileup on both lanes of the freeway. People jumped out of their cars
and ran for safety.

Watching with a
feeling of surrealism, the college student completely forgot about his finals. What was he going
to do now? He thought about it for a bit. The college wasn't far
from here. Maybe he could walk over.

And so he began
to walk. After a few seconds, he began to run, leaving the wreck behind.

\*\*\*

"Father?!"

Jean groaned as
he heard his daughter's voice. Thank heavens, he thought. She's
alive.

"Father!"
There was a sudden pull on the debris piled around him. He felt his
daughter pulling the debris away. "Mona." He gasped,
pushing up.

"No father, let me do it. Don't move!" Another shove and
the last of the debris was pushed away.

Jean coughed the
dust out of his lungs. "Mona." He gasped as he felt around
for his glasses. "Are you all right?"

"Yes father." She coughed as she helped him to his feet.
"I'm all right. Are you all right?"

The old man
nodded and coughed. "Better then usual." He joked.
"Just a bit sore."

He staggered over
to the window. "What happened?"

"An earthquake father. I don't know how strong, but it must have been
off the charts. It felt like it went on forever."

Jean opened the
window, and stared. He gasped as he saw what remained of his city.

Paris was a
wreck. The Eiffel tower was still standing, apparently intact. But
everything else that he could see was a complete wreck. Smoke rose from a
hundred different sections of the city. The destruction
had been total.

"Oh my
God." He whispered.

Mona was at his
side, holding his arm tightly. She too, was shocked by the devastation.

Something caught
her eye, far below on the streets. "Father!" She said.
"Look!"

Down below, there
was a very large opening in the ground. People were gathering around it
curiously.

There was
movement inside the crevice.

What happened
next shocked Jean and his daughter to the bone.

\*\*\*

In Tokyo, a man
got off the ground, spitting blood out of his mouth. He looked around,
gasping at the devastation that filled his eyes. Skyscrapers lay
on the ground. Buildings, cars, and people had been crushed and flattened.
Blood ran down the streets. The man didn’t
know what to do. He sat there, dazed into shock. Nothing entered his
mind. He was blank.

Sound slowly
returned to him. Over the shrieks of the sirens and the moans of the
injured, he heard a very faint sound. It sounded like ticking. It was coming
from a rather large crevice behind him. Curious, the man slowly crawled
over to the edge, peering downwards. There was
darkness, nothing to be seen. Yet…the sounds of ticking were still
there, down below.

The man focused
his eyes, trying to see what was below him. At last, he could see.
There were…shapes…shapes coming towards him. What the hell?...

They came into
focus, and the man saw what they looked like. He managed half a scream
before a glob of white goo smacked into his face.

\*\*\*

"Theodore!"

Theodore sighed.
He had never felt so relieved to hear his girlfriend's voice.

"Shauna!"
He called out as he jogged up to the outskirts of campus. The two went up
to each other.

"Are you
okay?" Shauna asked, noticing Theodore's heavy breathing.

"Yeah."
Theodore panted. "I'll…\*wheeze\*…be fine."

"I was so
worried for you! There was a giant earthquake earlier, and there's a huge
crack in the center of campus."

"Are…classes…\*wheeze\*…cancelled?"

"Yeah."

Theodore smiled.
"Oh good."

"Everyone's
outside, in case there's another earthquake. Why don't you come and join
us?"

Theodore nodded,
finally getting his breath back. "Okay. That sounds like a good
plan. Lead the way!"

Shauna led
Theodore into the campus square. There were over two thousand students
standing outside the buildings, all of them talking excitedly.

"Where's this crack you were talking about?" Theodore asked.

"It's near
the bookstore. Looks like there's a large crowd there already."

The two looked
towards the campus bookstore, and saw a large crowd gathered around the unseen
crack. Theodore
struggled for a look as the two walked up. The wall of human bodies
however, proved impassable.

"Excuse
me!" Theodore said. "Can we get through?" A few
students tried to move out of the way, but the rest stayed in place.

"Oh
great." Theodore said. "Now I'll never get a rock sample
for geology class!"

"Look!"
Someone shouted. "There's something down there!" The
talking mass instantly went silent.

"What is
it?" A girl asked.

"I don't
know. But…it's coming up!"

The crowd backed
up slightly, just enough for Theodore to slip in and see what was going on.

The crack that
Shauna had talked about was not really a crack. Rather, it was a large
hole in the ground, easily wide enough to drive a truck in. It went down
several hundred feet. Theodore slowly went closer to the hole and cautiously peered in. He could
see nothing, but he could hear…something coming up.

Someone kneeled
next to him. "What is that?" He asked, as dumbfounded as
everyone else.

"I don't
know." Theodore admitted. "But…it seems like I've heard
it before. I just can't remember where."

The ticking noise
increased. "There's definitely something coming up!"
Theodore said as he quickly stood up.

The other student
however, remained kneeling.

"But I
don’t…"

He never finished
his sentence. For at that moment, a large lump of white material shot out
of the hole, ramming into the students face. He was able to
give off one muffled scream before the white material was pulled into the hole,
taking the student with it. Everyone screamed
and backed up from the hole. The ticking was now very loud. And then
it stopped.

For a brief
second, there was silence. Then…it began.

Wads of the white
material began to shoot out of the hole, landing on trees, students, and the
pavement. The material was pulled taunt, pulling some screaming students
into the hole. And then they
emerged. Monstrous, terrible forms, things out of a person's deepest
darkest nightmares. Theodore didn’t
see much as he ran. He did however, catch the impossible sight of a human
body blended with that of a large black widow spider.

The screams of
terror deafened Theodore as he ran for his life. Students were running
with him, completely panic stricken. There was a viping sound as the white
material flew through the air and attached itself to the surrounding buildings. One of the globs struck a young woman running next to Theodore. It
engulfed her upper body and knocked her flat the ground. Theodore didn’t
stop to see what happened. More and more of
the strands were coming, hitting and adhering to people left and right.
Screaming students and staff were pulled away by the strands of white material.

Up ahead, a
corner. Theodore ran and leapt around it as a strand narrowly avoiding
hitting him. He landed hard on the concrete ground. Gasping for air,
he quickly scrambled to his feet. To his left lay a long slope down to the
road, and safety. But despite his fear, Theodore's curiosity got the
better of him. He slowly crept over to the corner, and peeked out.

The sight in
front of him was simply too unearthly to be real. There was a huge web (to
Theodore, it looked like a spider web) being erected in the center of campus,
its support strands clinging to the nearby buildings. And those
creatures… there were dozens of the human/spider things crawling over the web
and the building. They were horrendously ugly to watch. But what
they were doing chilled Theodore to the bone.

The creatures
were grabbing the humans caught by the sticky strands and wrapping them up in
silk material. The students and staff were screaming as they were wrapped
from head to toe. When a person was finished, the screaming and squirming
silk cocoon was tossed onto the web and secured in place with several more
strands of silk. Theodore shook
his head in disbelief as he watched several of his classmates, male and female,
be wrapped up in the silk, enveloped in inescapable cocoons.

"Please,
no!" A cheerleader was screaming. "Let me go!"
The creature wrapping her paid no attention, save for continuing to wrap her
gorgeous body in white silk. "You can't do this to me! Noo!
Nooo…mmphhhhpphhh!!!" Her screams were silenced as the silk covered
her face.

"*Damn*." Theodore thought. "*I was going to
ask her out*."

The mummified
cheerleader was placed onto the large web. She continued to squirm and
give off muffled screams as she was secured to the web by several more strands
of silk.

Down below, more
and more of the creatures began to pour out of the now gaping hole. Dozens
of them were coming out, and they showed no signs of stopping. The new
arrivals began to scurry over the buildings, searching for people to capture and
mummify.

"*Time to
get out of here*." Theodore thought. He started to run, but
he stopped. Where was Shauna? His instincts told him to go and look
for her. "No way." He thought. "*Those things
are still coming, and I don't want to end up like the others*."

"*But
she's your girlfriend! You're not just going to abandon her are you?*"

Theodore cursed.
He hated making decisions like this. The continuing shrieks of the
remaining students answered his question. He turned and ran down the hill
as fast as legs would carry him.

"*I'm so
sorry Shauna*." He thought. "*Please forgive me*."

Behind him, the
last screams of the remaining people were quickly dying out as they were
captured and bound. There was a
thundering noise behind Theodore. He didn’t stop to look. He kept
running. The thundering noise stopped. It was replaced by a voice.
A very loud voice.

"*Search
every building here!*" It shouted. "*I want every
inch of this complex searched*!"

The voice roared,
and Theodore ran.

\*\*\*

Across the world,
the attacks commence.

Around the world,
the creatures appear from every crack, every crevice in the earth. They
swarm like ants, attacking and overwhelming any humans near them. But they
never kill. The humans they capture are mummified and placed onto giant
webs quickly enacted throughout cities.

Beijing, Japan,
London, Spain, Morocco, Pakistan. Everywhere, it plays out.

\*\*\*

"And next on
the agenda is the verification of the motion to approve a letter of warning to
the warring countries warning them that further attack will not be
tolerated." The speakers
bored voice echoed through the UN building, almost putting to sleep the
remaining delegates who had not already dozed off. "All those
in favor of approving this measure, please say ai".

The Swedish
representative yawned, trying desperately to stay awake. These sessions
were getting worse all the time. She fiddled with the miniature flag on
her desk. A sudden crashing
noise interrupted her bored thoughts. Glass fell next to her, causing the
nearby representatives to jump in fright. A horrible ticking noise found
its way to the Swedish representative's ears. She looked up.

There were
horrible things coming through the glass windows up above. Dozens of
hideously ugly human, spider… things were pouring into the building.
Screams of terror filled the air, including those from the Swedish
representative. White silk began
to shoot through the chamber, sticking to anything it touched. Walls,
floors, chairs, representatives.

The speaker
managed to get off a "oh dear." before he was enveloped in silk.

The Swedish
representative ran, cursing her high heels for slowing her down. A sudden glob of
silk around her ankles stopped her in her tracks. With a yank she was
pulled off her feet and hauled into the air. She was pulled
high up towards the ceiling, where one of the creatures was waiting with a web.
An all too human face looked at her curiously. "Hmm…" the face
said as silk began to wind its way around the representative's body.
"Yes, you'll do. My children will be happy to have you."

The
representative screamed as silk stuffed her mouth and began to cover her face.
Though she was plugged up, she still tried to scream as the silk blinded her,
and as her body was wrapped and bound.

\*\*\*

"I'm telling
you!" The British prime minister shouted into the phone.
"We need everything! We need tanks, we need planes! Get
everything you can down here now!"

A loud zipping
noise shot past the window. The prime minister looked out the window.
Those spider creatures were running loose. He watched as women, men,
entire families, were wrapped up in silk and carried off to God alone knows
what. Distant gunfire could be heard a few blocks away as the police tried
to fight back.

There was a squeaky voice from the phone. "What?" The
minister shouted.

"*We're
trying sir!*" The general on the other end said. "*But
we're under attack too. These things are...uh… webbing up my men!
I'm loosing… Johnson, look out!*" There was a loud scream.

"*Damnit!*"
The general shouted. *"I just lost six more men! We can't get
out there minister! You're going to have to… ahhh! Nooo!!!!*"

There was a loud
vvviipping sound on the other end of the phone, followed by a thud.

"General?!"
The minister shouted. "General!" Only silence.

The minister
cursed as he dialed a number. There was a loud scream nearby.

The phone
clicked. "*Yes Mr. Prime minister?*" The secretary's
voice said.

"Elsa, are
there any other connections to the armed forces?"

"*No sir.
All the phone connections are going down all over the country. You'd
better get out of there sir, before it's too late*."

"I know.
You'd better get out too Elsa. Get as far away as you can!"

"*Cheerio
Mr. Prime Minister. I'll… ahhh!*"

Another scream,
another viipping noise. There was a thud on the other end, and the
minister heard a muffled scream, quickly silenced.

Damn. This
wasn't good.

There was a loud
cracking noise at the door. Judging by the loud thuds, it wasn't his
bodyguards. The prime minister dropped the phone and ran to his desk. Pressing a switch, a
drawer slid open, revealing its contents.

"Yes."
The minister said as he picked up the automatic shotgun. "I've been
dying to try you out for years." He quickly loaded several shells
into the weapon. The door buckled, and several spider appendages began to
appear.

The shotgun was
pumped and primed. The minister jumped on his desk, the gun pointed at the
door. "Come on you bastards!" He shouted.
"Bring it on!"

The door burst,
and the trigger was pulled.

\*\*\*

Wi Piang was
standing on the top of the Great Wall of China, watching the clouds drift lazily
overhead. It was a quiet day. Nothing much had happened, aside from
the earthquake. But where she had been, it was only a slight tremor,
barely worthy of notice. The one thing that
had been odd was the lack of communication with the city of Beijing. There
were no video coming out, no phone calls, nothing. It was odd, but
it was probably only a power failure. Such things could be expected at
times.

The woman sighed
as she watched the gentle clouds drift overhead. This was the day she
really liked. A calm, peaceful, uneventful day.

There was a loud
rumbling noise. Li didn’t think much of it as she drifted off to sleep,
deeply relaxed. When she awoke,
she found herself wrapped head to toe in a tight, white material that encased
her tightly. She tried to scream, couldn't. The silk plugged into
her mouth silenced her. With great
difficulty, she managed to twist her wrapped head. Li saw the wall covered
in what looked like giant spider webs. There were dozens, if not hundreds,
of white cocoons wrapped to the wall, all of them squirming.

A bound, gagged,
and mummified Li screamed as she joined the other cocooned people on the Great
Wall of China.

\*\*\*

The driders have
been planning this for years. For decades. The invasion of the human
world, the surface of the earth. The time has come for them to rule the
land.

Though no
declaration is signed, no announcement made, a war has started.

A war that will
decide the dominant species of earth.

To the victor,
goes the planet.
