---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Mummy
authors:
- Jenny Bonici
tags:
- 'FF-f: party'
- costumes
- mummify
- bandages
- plaster
- cocoon
- encased
- carried
- display
- objectify
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-12 00:00:00
---

**The Background**

I was sharing a terrace house
in the City with two girls, Mandi and Rachel, both nurses at a nearby hospital.
On Saturday night we were all going to a party thrown by the girls who
lived next door. We’d even got an invitation from them; this said
‘Everyone must dress up as Mummies or Daddies’. Mandi and Rachel
didn’t have shifts on Friday so they headed into town to search the second-hand
and vintage clothing shops for suitable gear. Unfortunately
I had to work both Friday and all day Saturday so I didn’t get a chance
to join them or go shopping. As I hadn’t got anything that was really
suitable, the girls suggested that they dress me up as a Mummy - an Egyptian
Mummy that was. I went along with that - it sounded a good idea at
the time. But only later was I to find out what a good a job of mummification
they would make.

**My Mummification**

It was almost 6.30 when I
got in after work on Saturday night; the other two had finished their shifts
at lunchtime and seemed to have spent the afternoon planning their mummification
of me and getting all the materials they needed.

“Have a cup of coffee then
go and get a shower and come back here so we can start getting you ready.”

“But we don’t have to be
at the party until about 10.” I called back as I took my shoes off
my aching feet.

“We think we’ll need at least
a couple of hours to get you all bandaged up as an authentic looking mummy.”
Was Rachel’s reply. “And don’t bother to put any clothes on, we’ve
got everything you’ll be wearing here.” She added.

As I’d been standing up all
day I decided to run a bath, add a liberal dose of bath salts and give
myself a relaxing soaking. It was sheer bliss just lying back in
the bath getting rid of all the tensions of the day. It towelled
myself off, did my hair and made up my face.

“Come on slowcoach.”
Mandi called out from the kitchen. “We’ll be running late.” I wrapped
a large bath towel round my body and went to join the other two.

“You won’t be needing that.”
Said Rachel as she pulled the towel off and threw it over the back of a
chair.

“Come over here.”

Rachel picked up a reel of
2 inch surgical tape and wrapped two turns round my left arm just above
my elbow. Then, pushing my arm against my side, she wrapped two turns
round my body so as to hold my arm tightly against my side. She repeated
the treatment with my other arm. Then she did the same
with my wrists, taping them to the tops of my thighs.

“What’s this for?”
I asked. “How will I be able to move my arms at the party?”

‘You won’t. You’ve
never seen an Egyptian mummy flapping its arms about have you.” Was
all I got from Rachel who seemed to be quite enjoying her task.

‘Now before they mummified
ancient Egyptians they made sure that all the orifices in the body were
plugged. So that’s what we’re going to do with you.” Said Mandi.
“Open wide.” With that she pushed a fat plug gag onto my mouth and
buckled it tight at the back of my neck. There was a breather hole
through the centre of it so my reply came out as a cross between a rush
of air and ‘Mmmmph’.

“Now for your ears.”
She stuffed them with cotton wool. “A this point it gets interesting.”
She said. “Open your legs and relax, I’m now going to plug the two
holes down below. You don’t want to back out now do you?”

This was nothing like I thought
going to the party as an Egyptian mummy would be like, but I’d gone along
with it so far so I might as well let them continue. I shook my head
and mmmmphed a “No”. A fat dildo soon filled my pussy. They
couldn’t find a butt plug so they slid a candle up my bum. Rachel
then wrapped surgical tape round my legs just above my knees. “Just
to stop those plugs falling out while we mummify you properly.” She added.
Next she taped my ankles together.

Then Mandi picked up the
first of a number of 4-inch wide cotton bandages and, starting at my ankles,
wrapped it round and up my legs. More bandages followed binding my
thighs, up my body to my neck and then down again back to my ankles.
They put on four layers of bandages, each one seemed to be wrapped tighter
than the one before. As a result I could hardly bend my body at all
- both of them certainly were experts at bandaging. Then they stood
back to admire their handiwork. My only thought as I tried desperately
to move a muscle was that the hospital must now be running mighty short
of bandages.

“Now for your head.
Close your eyes like a good Mummy.” With that Mandi stuck a thin
strip of surgical tape across my eyelids sealing both my eyes closed.
Then the pair of them got to work on my head. Short lengths of clear
plastic tubing - again undoubtedly borrowed from the hospital - were put
in my nostrils and another short length of tube was stuck into the breather
hole in the gag. These were going to act as breather tubes.

“We wouldn’t want you suffocating,
would we? Said Mandi as she started to swathe my head with bandages.
Again there must have been at least 4 or 5 layers.

What came next was real scary.
Rachel, who had earlier filled a bucket with water, started soaking the
first of many Plaster of Paris bandages. This time they started with
my head and worked down to my ankles. Then, starting at my ankles,
they put on another layer up to the top of my head - then another and then
yet another. I was left standing until the plaster set when they
pushed me back against the kitchen table and, with somewhat of a struggle,
they lifted me on to it. One of them tied my big toes together with
a length of string. Then they amused themselves by tickling the soles
of my feet and between my toes - they knew how ticklish I was and that
I just couldn’t stand my feet being tickled. Now that I was rigidly
encased in a cocoon of plaster, there was no escape and the tickling was
sheer torture.

Eventually they had enough
of their game and started bandaging and then plastering my feet.
Next I felt something being pushed against the bottom of my feet.
I found out later that it was our breadboard that they had wrapped in wet
plaster bandages. They then wrapped more layers of plaster soaked
bandages round the board, over my feet and round my ankles to secure them
rigidly to a flat base so that they could stand me up without the danger
of me toppling over. When they had finished I could just about make
out the noise of them cleaning up in the kitchen; then it went silent.
I assume that they had both gone off to get ready for the party.

The time dragged on.
It seemed like an eternity since I had been left lying on the table.
I was looking forward to the party - the girls next door always throw a
good one. How soon would someone get me out of this so that I can
take part? Then I felt myself being stood upright, I must have looked
like a statue on my baseboard. Shortly afterwards I was lifted up
and carried somewhere. I later found out that Mandi and Rachel had
finally got to the party at about 10.30, and everyone had asked where I
was. Evidently the girls told them that if they wanted me to be there,
two strong men would have to go and fetch me. This was when I felt
myself being carried away - I was going to the party. The boys stood
me in the middle of the room - one of the many positions they put me in
during the night. I could just hear the sound of music and the noise
of the party, but I couldn’t make out what was going on or being said -
I couldn’t even recognise the tunes. All I wanted was to get free
and join the party but it seemed that was not to be.

At last the noise faded.
I strained to hear any sound but the house was silent. At this
time I was lying face down at a slight angle - probably propped up on a
chair or stool with baseboard at my feet resting on the floor.
What time was it? Had the girls gone home or gone on
to another party and left me here? I later found out that the party
wound up at about dawn; by which time Rachel was fast asleep in bed with
her boyfriend and Mandi, who had had rather too much to drink, had crashed
on the settee. I had long since stopped trying to struggle my way
to freedom; I just could not move any part of me. The bandages over
my face were wet with my drool and tears. Finally, when I was just
about giving up hope of ever getting free, I felt myself being moved and
laid face down on the floor. Someone was sawing or chipping at the
plaster between my feet and the baseboard. Then I felt the back of
the cold blades of cutters pressing against the soles of my feet as someone
started cutting off the plaster.

Gradually they cut all the
way up my back until they reached my neck. Then they rolled me over
and cut away up the front of me. Where the cutters passed over
my fleshy parts it was not too bad, but over some bony parts it got a bit
painful. They cut away round my neck and then tugged the two halves
of the plaster cast off my body. Only my head was still encased.
Evidently there was a lengthy discussion by the ‘experts’ as to the best
way to get that off without cracking every bone in my skull. It was
decided that the way to go was by breaking it off bit-by-bit first under
my chin and round the nape of my neck using both the cutters and a pair
of pliers. They sat me in a chair and commenced the operation.
At last when they lifted the last piece off, Rachel peeled the tape from
my eyelids, then unbuckled the gag strap and pulled the plug from my aching
jaws.

“I think we should leave
them like that.” Said one of the girls pointing at my arms that were still
taped to my sides.

“No, get them off, I’ve had
enough.” Rachel came over with a pair of scissors and cut the tapes.

“You can pull off the bits
still stuck to your skin.”

Leanne, one of the girls
who threw the party, asked me if I wanted a drink. I said that I
didn’t at the moment, but I would have one after I’d visited the bathroom,
had a good shower and cleaned myself up. They told me that I’d been
the hit of the party and that they’d all voted me the best dressed and
awarded me first prize - a bottle of French champagne. Unfortunately
it had got drunk during the night - but I could keep the empty bottle!
