---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/carly.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Carly
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- gag
- bfold
- naked
- caught
- M/f
- tease
- torment
- denial
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2013-01-28 00:00:00
---

Just my luck, thought Alex, watching Jay’s car pull away. First chance we’ve had lately for a weekend of X-Box, and his back starts acting up. With a resigned shrug, he turned and entered the house.

“Alex?” Pausing on the stairs, Alex glanced into the living room.

“What’s up Joe?”

“You might not want to go up there quite yet,” his brother said.

“And why not?”

“Well, Carly spent the weekend.”

“And?”

Joe suddenly looked uncomfortable, or, as uncomfortable as he could get. “We didn’t have anyplace else to put her, and you were supposed to be gone for a while.” He shrugged. “So we told her she could use your room.”

Alex glared at his brother. “You did what?”

“Relax. She promised she wouldn’t bother anything.”

“So where is she now?”

“Well, that’s why I stopped you. She went upstairs about an hour ago. Said she was tired, wanted to take a nap.”

Alex resumed making his way up the stairs. “Then she’s about to get woke up,” he threw over his shoulder.

Upstairs, Alex’s mood wasn’t helped any by the discovery that his door was locked. Setting his things down, he dug out the key and unlocked the door. He stepped inside, closing the door and reaching for the light switch.

Now this is interesting, he found himself thinking. Carly lay on her stomach on his bed. Slowly, his eyes traveled up the soft curves of her legs, the swell of her thighs, up to the swell of her ass. Carly lay without moving, and Alex couldn’t help but admire her. It was one thing to be so comfortable in a strange bed. To be so comfortable while naked, bound and gagged in a strange bed took some self control.

Surprised by what he was seeing, Alex took in the hinged steel cuffs on Carly’s wrists, the leather cuffs holding her ankles together, the leather gag panel covering her mouth. Blindfolded as well, she lay in total helplessness. Alex had always considered Carly to be an attractive young woman, and the vision now displayed before him gave him no reason to change that opinion.

Looking closer, Alex noticed that Carly’s body, while stretched in seeming repose, was stiff, tense. She’s not asleep, he thought suddenly. She heard the door, and she’s trying to figure out what’s going on. Alex moved quietly to his desk, where he grabbed his digital camcorder, which he activated and aimed toward the bed. Careful not to block the camera’s line of sight, he stepped to the side of the bed, reached down, and slipped the blindfold from over her eyes.

Carly blinked several times, adjusting her eyes to the sudden influx of light. Slowly, they focused, and Alex could see the shock in them as she saw him leaning over her. Her whole body tensed in her bonds as muffled, urgent sounding moans leaked from behind the panel covering her mouth.

“So, this is taking a nap.” Carly shook her head wildly, moaning into her gag. “Does taking a nap often include the use of someone else’s toys?” Alex let his gaze roam the length of the bound woman’s body before returning to meet her own wide eyes. “Toys you didn’t have permission to use? Toys you wouldn’t even have known about unless you were poking into things that were none of your business?”

Carly writhed briefly, struggling against her bonds. Looking down, Alex saw her probing desperately with the handcuff key she held in one hand, struggling to find the lock. Reaching down, he slipped the key from her fingers.

“Won’t help,” he said softly. “You put the cuffs on the wrong way, with the locks pointed up your arms instead of toward your hands. You’ll never get them open by yourself, so you might as well relax.”

Carly continued to fight against her bonds for a moment, then slumped in defeat. Eyes closed, she offered no resistance when Alex slipped his hands beneath her shoulders and pulled her up to a kneeling position.

“Ok,” he said, settling onto the bed in front of her, “lets see if I know how this goes. I release you. You apologize for such a terrible mistake. You get dressed and leave. We never talk about this again. Is that how you see this going?”

Slowly, eyes still closed, Carly nodded, then leaned forward, bowing her head to present the gag strap.

“Unfortunately,” Alex continued, “I don’t see it that way.” He watched as Carly’s eyes opened, staring at him in shock. “What I see,” he said, “is a naked woman, in my bed, bound and gagged with my toys. And all by her own consent. It is by your consent, right? I mean, nobody forced you into this, did they?” Eyes closing again, Carly shook her head slowly. “You’re where you are because that was exactly where you wanted to be, isn’t it?” This time, she replied with a slow nod.

“Well,” Alex said, his voice growing cold, “the way I see it is this. A naked woman, bound and gagged in my bed by her own consent, must mean that her body is mine to do with as I please.” Eyes once more open wide, Carly shook her head, leaning away as far as her bonds would allow. Ignoring the muffled moans coming from behind her gag, Alex reached up and began softly kneading her firm breasts, gently pinching both nipples. When Carly tried to pull away, he responded by moving himself behind her. Now, with his arms wrapped around her, there was no way she could evade his attentions.

Once her nipples seemed to be fully erect, Alex let one hand slip downward, burrowing between her closely clenched thighs. Slowly, he drew the tip of his finger along the length of her mound, then brought his hand up and licked his finger.

“Seems like you may like this,” he said softly, causing Carly to shake her head wildly, muffled denials coming from her gagged mouth. “Oh really?” Alex slipped his hand once more between her thighs, stroking softly. Slowly, he felt her thighs part slightly, felt her hips begin to rock as her body responded to his touch.

Soon, Carly’s whole body quivered as he slowly worked her arousal higher. Pressed tightly back against him, her head thrown back to rest on his shoulder, Carly spread her knees wide, allowing him free access to what lay between. Soft, continuous moans now leaked from behind her gag. Gradually, those moans increased in intensity, until, with no warning, Alex pulled away from her and rose from the bed.

Standing, he looked down at her as she leaned back, weight supported by her bound hands. Knees spread wide, she thrust her hips toward him repeatedly, begging him with her entire body to continue.

Instead, Alex grasped her shoulder, pulling until she toppled onto her stomach. As she writhed on the bed, he quickly unlocked and removed the ankle cuffs. The gag came off next, Carly working her jaw and licking her lips before any words could come out.

“Alex, please! I’m sorry I got into your stuff! I promise it won’t happen again!”

“No,” Alex replied, “it won’t.” He gestured toward the camcorder. “I have the whole thing on video, including you admitting you were bound by your own consent. If you say anything about this to anyone, they’ll see that video. Are we clear?”

“Not a word! I promise! Now please, finish this!”

Reaching down, Alex unlocked the handcuffs, freeing Carly’s wrists. Turning away, he tossed the cuffs onto his desk.

“Get up,” he said coldly. “Get dressed. And get out.”

“Alex? You can’t just make me leave. Not now! Not like this!”

“I can,” Alex informed her, “and I am. Or would you prefer I toss you out right now?”

Falling silent, Carly rose from the bed and donned her clothes. Once dressed, she moved to the door, only to be halted by Alex’s next words.

“Be glad I didn’t have a rubber handy,” he told her. “If I did, you would by now be well and truly fucked.” Silently, Carly nodded, then slipped from the room.

Moments later, there was a knock on the door. Without waiting for an answer, Joe entered the room.

“Alex,” he said, “what did you do to Carly? She’s insisting I take her home right now.”

“Then take her,” Alex replied. “I have other things to do.”

Leaning back, Alex closed his email. As he did, there came a soft, almost hesitant knock at his door.

“Come in.” To his surprise, it was Carly who entered, moving to stand beside his desk.

For a long moment, she stood in silence. Then, softly, she said, “I’m sorry.”

“And what are you sorry for?”

“I’m sorry I got nosy,” Carly replied. “I’m sorry I got into your things. And I’m sorry I used them without your permission. It was wrong, and I’m sorry. I’ll never do anything like that again.”

Glancing up, Alex could see moisture in the corners of her eyes. Looking away, he growled, “See that you don’t.”

“I won’t,” Carly said sincerely. “And, Alex, I know I don’t have the right, but there is one favor I would like to ask of you.”

“And what might that be?” Surprised by her boldness in making a request after her previous actions, Alex was quite ready to deny anything she might ask.

He was not, however, ready for the package of rubbers that landed on his keyboard.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1186.0)
