---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Client Part 3
authors:
- Anne Woolsey
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- spandex
- reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Client Part 2**](the_client2.html))_

_The Client 3 by Anne Woolsey
**Part Three**_

_Anne watched quietly as Julia began to unlace her boots._

_"I believe we are the same size, Anne dear.  These boots will look
stunning on you, although I would have liked a higher heel.  A little
unpractical out here, don't you think?"_

_Julia prattled on as if they were having lunch or something.  Anne
began to wonder about Julia's sanity.  Putting aside the fact that
Julia had kidnapped and forcibly restrained Anne, she was certainly acting
oddly; carrying on these one sided conversations and laughing at inappropriate
spots during the conversation.  A chill spread through Anne as she
reassessed her earlier thinking that Julia wouldn't really hurt her!_

_Julia removed both boots and padded over to Anne in her bare feet, boots
in hand._

_"Lift up your foot, dear!"  Anne raised her right foot and Julia
slipped the boot on.  "Now step down!"  Julia was right, the
boot fit comfortably.  Warmth and moisture from Julia's foot were
still in the boot.  It gave Anne an odd feeling to be wearing this
woman's shoes.  They repeated the process with her left foot. 
The higher heels on the boots took some of the strain off Anne's neck. 
Julia sat cross-legged at Anne's feet and began to lace the boots up. 
That process took about 10 minutes and Julia was very fussy with how the
laces were looped and tied._

_When she finished, Julia popped to her feet and said, "Oh my! 
They look wonderful on you.  I will have to get you a pair, don't
you think?  But with higher heels!"_

_In fact, the boots did feel good.  The tight lacing, stiff leather
and the length of the boots imparted a confining feeling to Anne's legs. 
She couldn't move her head enough to see what they looked like.  Julia
obliged her curiosity and shot a few pictures of Anne.  Again, Anne
was amazed at how she looked.  It was difficult to believe that she
was herself.  She thought she looked so exotic and₀. well, both submissive
and dominant at the same time._

_She watched as Julia pulled on Anne's wool socks and hiking boots. 
She thought she detected a faint look of disdain over the style and quality
of the footwear._

_"This is so fun, don't you think, Anne dear?  Trying on each other
clothes?  It reminds me of boarding school!"  She stopped and
looked at Anne.  "Actually, my dear, seeing you bound as you are reminds
me very much of my boarding school!"  Another off-kilter laugh escaped
from Julia.  Anne took a deep breath to try and calm her nerves._

_"Alright, Anne dear, on to the next photo opportunity!"_

_Julia set about binding Anne"s ankles.  Anne could barely feel
the rope through the leather of the boots, but she knew she was tied. 
Her ankles were tightly held together and there was no movement possible. 
Julia placed more ropes around Anne's legs just above her knees. 
These she felt as Julia cinched them tightly.  She felt Julia tying
rope to her wrist rope, but because it was behind her back she couldn't
see what was going on.   Anne was relieved when the neck rope
was loosened.  She rolled her head on her shoulders to relieve the
tension.  It felt good!_

_Her relief didn't last long as she learned the purpose of the new rope
at her wrists.  Julia had thrown the rope over the branch and was
now pulling Anne's hands and arms up behind her.  Anne had to bend
at the waist as her arms continued to be pulled up.  The discomfort
was real and painful.  Julia didn't seem to notice Anne's muffled
protests.  She continued pulling until Anne's arms were almost pointing
straight up.  Anne's legs were straight and her knees were locked
and she was bent over at the waist.  She had a good look at the boots
now!  Not for long though.  Julia worked a rope under the ball
gag strap and used it to raise Anne's head by passing the free end between
Anne's upraised hands and pulling.  The free end of the rope ended
up entwined in Anne's ponytail.  The relief she had felt in her neck
muscles was replaced by an uncomfortable strain._

_Now she was looking straight ahead and she couldn't move her head at
all.  Just to make sure of that. Julia took the neck rope and slipped
the free end between Anne's bound ankles.  She pulled and tightened
the rope and continued with it up to Anne's raised hands.  The rope
was passed between her hands, pulled down and tied to Anne's waist rope. 
Anne was frozen into this odd position with tension on all her limbs. 
She felt entirely helpless s and very uncomfortable.  In particular
her shoulders ached due to the extreme rotation of her arms.  She
couldn't stop herself and began to sob.  Tears welled up in her eyes
and trickled down her cheeks._

_Julia had busied herself with preparing the camera.  When she saw
that Anne was crying, she was ecstatic!_

_"Perfect, Anne!  Perfect!  You are the quintessential damsel
in distress.  They will absolutely love these photographs!"_

_For twenty excruciating minutes, Julia shot Anne from every angle. 
Anne's tears eventually stopped and were replaced by a white-hot anger. 
She cursed vociferously at Julia from behind the gag, drool and spit flying
out along with the muffled curses.  Julia did not react except to
take close-ups of Anne's angry face.  So much for her promise not
to take pictures of Anne's face!  Anne couldn't even move her head. 
She just had to endure the taking of close up photos of her face._

_Finally, Julia set the camera down and began cutting Anne loose. 
As her arms were lowered she breathed a heavy sigh of relief even though
they were cramped and very sore.  Julia helped to lower Anne so that
she sat on the ground, but still gagged with her elbows, wrists, knees
and ankles bound.  Anne pleaded with Julia to release her.  She
was so uncomfortable that even though she had been released from the arms
up position she was still hurting._

_Julia squatted in front of Anne.  She reached out and squeezed
Anne's cheeks hard and pulled her head around so that Anne had to look
right at Julia._

_"You listen to me, you little bitch!"  She emphasized 'bitch' with
a hard squeeze of Anne's cheeks!  "Don't think for a minute that I
didn't understand what you were saying when you were cursing at me. 
I don't care if you think I am insane or what you think at all.  You
had better understand your place in this relationship!  You are mine
to do with as I see fit.  You will act as I want you to act! 
I will use you in any way I want and you cannot, will not do a thing about
it!  I was going to release you, but after that outburst, I have changed
my mind.  You need additional training, Anne dear, and you will rue
the day you insulted me!"  Julia released Anne's face from her grip
and began collecting all the clothes and cut rope and other things strewn
about the area._

_Anne began to sob again.  She felt totally alone and totally frightened. 
What had she fallen into?  What would this mad woman do to her?_

_Adding to her growing fear, Julia reappeared and patted Anne on the
cheek she had just been squeezing.  Julia acted as if her rant had
never happened._

_"I am going to untie your knees and elbows now, Anne dear!  You
must be very sore!  You are a wonderful model, you know!  I am
so proud of you!"_

_Anne was thoroughly frightened of this woman.  She must be insane! 
And yet there was the thrill Anne felt at times when she was tied and there
was Julia's touching her.  Maybe I am going crazy!  She was scared
and confused and still remained a captive of this strange woman._

_"I think we are done here," Julia said.  "It is getting dark and
cooling off.  I think we should move to somewhere cozier, don't you
think, Anne?"_

_Anne didn't know what to think except she wanted to get away from this
woman.  Still, bound at the wrists and ankles and cramped and sore,
she had little chance of getting away now.  But she didn't want to
go anywhere with this nut case.  Julia knelt beside her.  "Lift
your chin, dear!"  Anne did as she was told and Julia buckled a wide
leather collar around her neck.  She fussed with it a bit adjusting
the location of the buckle.  "I think that looks much nicer than the
rope, don't you?"  Not waiting for an answer, Julia tied a rope to
the collar loop._

_"I am going to retie your ankles now, dear."   Anne watched
helplessly as Julia retied her ankles about eighteen inches apart. 
"This is a hobble, dear.  You'll be able to walk but not very quickly. 
You'll have to be careful that you don't fall.  We wouldn't want that
to happen now would we?"  Julia helped Anne to her feet.  "I
want you to try walking now.  That's it!  You're getting it!"_

_Anne stumbled back and forth with her restricted gait.  It was
more of a shuffle than a walk, but she was able to move.  What she
couldn't do was move fast and far enough to get away from Julia. 
Julia took several more pictures of Anne in her hobble.  Anne was
getting used to being the subject of photos.  She just wasn't at all
happy that they were destined for the Internet._

_Julia gathered up her pack and took the lead end of the leash attached
to Anne's collar.  With Julia in the lead, the two set off down the
hill and back to the cars.  Anne scanned the area hoping that someone
would see them and come to her rescue.  It was just too isolated up
here.  No one else was around.  The walk back to the cars took
longer than the walk in because of Anne's condition.  They reached
the cars just at dusk.  It was a beautiful evening, but Anne had no
appreciation of it.  She was totally consumed with what Julia planned
next._

_"Well, Anne dear, that was quite an afternoon, wasn't it?  I must
say you took to this much better than I thought you would!"  Anne
shook her head and tried to protest.  "Now, now, dear.  You know
you loved it!"  Julia approached Anne as she spoke and reached out
to caress Anne's breast. Her nipple hardened at the attention from Julia. 
"See?  You do like it!"  Anne shook her head again, but her body
betrayed her, especially as Julia inserted a finger under her crotch rope
and gave it several gentle tugs.  Anne groaned in dismay and arousal. 
What was happening to her?  This was a crazy woman who could very
well kill or maim her and she was responding sexually to her?  Anne
was totally confused and upset by these conflicting emotions._

_She had no time to dwell on it, though.  Julia had opened the back
door of Anne's car and was pulling her toward it.  "I want you to
lay down on the seat, dear."  Anne crawled in and lay down. 
The fight was out of her right now.  She was the docile toy that Julia
wanted.  Julia got in the front and pulled Anne's hobble rope to bend
Anne's knees.  She fastened the hobble rope to Anne's wrists with
a short length of line.  "You stay right there, dear.  I am going
to get something out of my car!"  She returned with a blanket and
placed it over Anne's inert form.  "We don't want any prying eyes
to see you, now do we?  No, no, we certainly don't."_

_Julia slid over into the driver's seat of Anne's Toyota.  She turned
her head to speak over the back of the seat.  "Oh, don't worry about
my car!  I'll send one of my staff to pick it up!  What a cute
little car!  Now how do you start this?"_

_Julia started the car and pulled out to back the car around.  They
bounced along the woods road back to the main road.  In the back seat,
Anne was numb.  Her brain had shut down and she lay there, unthinking,
a bound and gagged captive of her former client._

__

_21.02.05 | updated - 07.05.17_

_story continues in [**The Client Part 4**](the_client4.html)

o0o
