---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Learning the Ropes
authors:
- Michelle
tags:
- Sbf
- M/f
- bond
- costume
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2005-06-18 00:00:00
---

**Michelle 2: Learning the Ropes**

First, let me tell you a bit about myself:

At school, I was always keen on sports, loving gymnastics best of all; 
I joined the Scouts rather than the Girl Guides because they did more exciting
things.  Boys were just other people of my age who got to do the more
exciting things.

Then my body started to change.  I became too curvy to be amongst
the best at gymnastics, so I changed to yoga to keep myself supple, and
aerobics to keep myself fit.  And I realised that men were much more
interesting and even had their uses.

They became interested in me as a woman, and I began to notice those
things which caught and held their attention.  For example, I learnt
that they were far more turned on if I wore a long skirt with a slit side,
so that I ‘accidentally’ awarded them glimpses of my legs, rather than
when I wore a mini skirt and they could see my legs all the time. 
In the same way, I learnt that a bikini leaves little to the imagination,
whilst a well-cut one-piece swimsuit could offer tantalising glimpses which
allowed their imaginations to go into overdrive.

Then, as I started to learn about love-making, I realised that men could
enjoy the build-up to the act as much as I did, if they were forced to
wait, and provided that they were kept fully occupied.  I bought underwear
that made them wait – a corset, a basque, a g-string and stockings. 
If allowed, they enjoyed undressing me one item at a time and, on other
occasions, I enjoyed slowly undressing in front of them, or even making
love whilst wearing these.

I found that I enjoyed being in control of the situation, deciding whether
I wanted a man to proposition me, sending out the appropriate signals,
and then regulating the rate at which we progressed to the final act.

Then I was introduced to bondage and, for the first time, totally surrendered
control of the situation, allowing my captor to have complete control of
me.  I found that as exciting and stimulating as being in control
myself.

-o-

When I went back to college after this introduction, I decided that
I need to explore bondage more fully, to discover what I liked and disliked. 
In the privacy of my own room, in the house which I shared with four other
female students, I began to experiment.

I decided that the idea of simply being a prisoner was not enough to
excite me – just being locked in a room or a cupboard, or even restrained
to part of a room by a chain round an ankle or my waist, gave me nothing
to fantasise about.  It might be a turn-on for the captor, but would
be simply boring for me as the captive, and I thought that it tended to
separate the captor and captive, rather than promoting a more intimate
relationship.

I needed a much more personal relationship with my captor.  The
feeling of ropes, straps or chains restraining my movement was an extension
of my captor’s body, holding me.  The tighter they were, the more
excited I felt.  I fantasised about my captor fondling and caressing
me, whilst I was helpless to do anything but writhe in pleasure.

I quickly realised that, at its simplest level, play bondage was much
the same as wearing exciting underwear – leather straps around my wrists
joined by chains, and harnesses even involving chains and padlocks still
allowed me full freedom of movement and would simply give me a wider range
of ways of extending our foreplay.  Given that I wouldn’t consider
bondage by anyone I didn’t trust, there was no element of really giving
up control.  Of course, I wouldn’t walk down the street like that,
but then I wouldn’t walk down the street in my underwear either.

I found that the more I was constrained, the more I enjoyed it. 
If my wrists were tied or chained together in front of me, that wasn’t
as good as if they were behind my back, and it was even better if my legs
were also secured so that I had to squirm and writhe on the floor to secure
my release.  If I blind-folded myself, I could lose myself in fantasies
about my captor or saviour, and what might happen to me.

Best of all was when I felt totally exposed and vulnerable to my captor,
inviting him to enter me, and unable to do anything to stop him. 
This meant being tied with my legs apart, either spread-eagled or frog-tied
with my ankles securely bound to my thighs.

All these things I could do to myself, and I began to enjoy the experience
of self-bondage, but I longed to be able to share with a partner. 
How was I going to broach the idea to my boy-friend?

-o-

I suppose that my solution was no different from that which many others
have found.

I bought from a catalogue a slave-girl costume consisting of diaphanous
open-crutch pants, to be worn over a matching bra and g-string.  Having
wined and dined my boy-friend, I disappeared and changed into this, and
added my own version of wrist and ankle chains, using padlocks.  The
keys, I placed on a string around my neck.  I entered the room and
stood in front of him.

He almost spilt his wine.  I reached forward to take his glass
from him.

“Let me take that, Master.  I am here to serve you.”

That got the effect I was looking for.  His immediate physical
response was obvious.  I moved forward and sat on his lap.  Yes. 
He was definitely responding.  I placed my loosely chained wrists
round his neck and drew him to me.  His hands started to wander and
it was only a short time before he carried me into the bedroom.

There, once I was lying on the bed, he paused for a second.  With
my ankles loosely chained, he had to improvise a bit.  He slid his
head and shoulders up through my legs, so that my ankles were chained together
behind his back.  Then he did the same with my arms.  I was chained
to him, and couldn’t get free until he had finished with me!  Now
I really started to respond.  As he entered me I was hanging onto
him tightly, clamping us together.

We climaxed together, and he rolled sideways without withdrawing. 
Because of the chains, I was still locked to him, and had to roll over
with him, locked together in more ways than one.  We lay together,
both contented and spent, and he fell asleep with me chained to him.

-o-

Fortunately, he didn’t sleep long and, before his weight on my one leg
sent it to sleep, he slid out from my arms and legs.  Then however,
instead of releasing me, he drew up the chain joining my wrists, and hooked
it over the knob of the head board.  Then he grasped my ankles and
slid me down on the bed until my arms were at full stretch.  Then
he hooked the chain joining my ankles over the diagonally opposite knob
on the board at the bottom of my bed.  Whilst not in any discomfort,
I was firmly chained to my bed.  Then he sat down beside me.

“I didn’t know you were into this”, were his first words.  “ Is
it something you like to do often, or just occasionally?”

I explained how I had been introduced to bondage, and how much I liked
it.  He became thoughtful when I explained that I liked both being
the captor and the captive.   I guessed that he didn’t really
fancy the thought of being tied up himself, but perhaps I could bring him
round in time.

He didn’t release me that evening.  I spent the night chained to
the bed, with him lying beside me, both of us under the duvet, and with
him occasionally gently fondling me.  I did sleep eventually but,
by the time that he did loose me the next morning, my arms were so stiff
I could hardly bring them down to my sides.

After we’d both showered and had some breakfast, he announced that he
wanted to go out for a walk on his own to think.  I knew that this
was the crunch, but there was nothing I could do but let him think things
through.  At first, I was very jumpy, but finally I told myself that
I might as well amuse myself whilst he was away.

I stripped sown and pushed a well-lubricated vibrator plug up my backside, 
Then I put on a head harness with a built-in ball gag.  I then sat
on the bed and used two ropes to tie my ankles to my wrists.  By leaving
the initial turns fairly loose, I made it so that the knot was tightened
by the clinch lops, leaving me firmly tied but able to rotate my wrists
relative to my ankles.  I tied one wrist with my free hand , turned
on the vibrator in my backside, and then had to struggle a bit to tie the
other wrist using my tied hand and foot as one.

Eventually, I simply rolled over on the bed and lay on my stomach in
a simple hog-tie.  As I relaxed into the bondage, my legs stayed apart
and I could not untie myself without rolling over again onto my back. 
I lay there, distracted by the vibrations in my lower body, in a faintly
euphoric haze until he finally returned.

-o-

He didn’t say anything when he found me.  After a few minutes,
he pulled me to the side of the bed and put a shoulder under my tied wrists
and ankles.  Standing up, he carried me, like a shopping bag, through
into our communal kitchen, and placed me on my stomach on the table. 
Then he slid me back on the table so that, from my waist down, my weight
was supported by his hands under my thighs, with him standing between my
open legs.  As I realised what he was doing, he entered me and began
rhythmically working me up to a frenzy,  This was combined with the
vibrations from within my backside, and it was only a short time before
I was writhing as a powerful orgasm spread upwards throughout my whole
body.

I was panting round my ball gag as he pushed me forward onto the table
again, and left me there.  I was there about five minutes, realising
that I couldn’t release myself because the table was too small and, if
I were to roll over, I would fall off and hurt myself.

When he came back into the kitchen, I realised that he has been digging
around in my toy box, because he proceeded to insert a second vibrator
into my only remaining orifice.  Then, before I could realise what
he was doing, he rolled me onto my side and, instead of releasing me, proceeded
to tie my ankles, knees and elbows together,  Lying on my side, I
was forced to arch my back, pushing my breasts and hips forward to ease
the strain.

I started to protest but the ball gag was as effective as ever. 
Then suddenly, he rolled me over onto my stomach again.  Now however,
my body was stretched so tightly that I couldn’t move a muscle apart from
my head, fingers and toes, and my arms were being almost wrenched out of
their sockets.  Slowly the pressure eased as I forced my body to relax,
but only enough to ease the pain.  I was still completely immobilised.

Then he tied a rope round my waist, and passed the free end through
between my legs, pushing the two plugs firmly into place.  He reached
up and unbuckled the strap of my head harness which went over the top of
my head and, for a moment, he was going to remove the gag.  How wrong
I was.  He proceeded to tie the crotch rope to the buckle on my head
harness, pulling my head back so that I was forced to look forward.

Only then did he move round to where I could see him.  He sat on
one of the kitchen chairs and looked into my face.

“What I’ve decided is that I am willing to act as your master, tying
you up whenever and however it suits me.  I will never let you tie
me up.  Think about it, and give me a call if you agree.  Goodbye
for now.”

Before I understood what he was saying, he had turned on both vibrators
and I heard the house door shutting behind him.  He had left me tied
up painfully tight, and wasn’t going to let me go.  I was going to
have to wait for one of my housemates to get home to do that.

To begin with, I was in a state of panic, but the two vibrators began
to weave their spell, and I surrendered myself to the wait with a mixture
of ecstasy and agony.  It was over two hours before anyone found me. 
By then, the vibrator batteries had died, and I was suffering from cramps
in my thighs and shoulders.  He was definitely not going to hear from
me again.
