---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Red Casket
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- M+-mf
- mum
- wrap
- encase
- entomb
- prison
- nc
- X
date: 2007-08-24 00:00:00
---

When a modern day trial is completed, one of two things
happen.  If the defendant has been found
innocent, then he or she is free to go, walking out of the courthouse in the
clothes they came in.  If the defendant
is found guilty however…then their ordeal in the justice system is just
beginning.  They are taken from the
courtroom into the basement and changed into their new outfits…orange one piece
jumpsuits, along with their new jewelry, so to speak.  That of course, being handcuffs and leg irons.

Samantha was in that situation now, with the last leg iron
being clicked into place around her right ankle.  Already her hands were locked into cuffs that
were threaded through the thick leather belt around her waist that held the cuffs
in front of her belly, and the orange jumpsuit was on, replacing the tailor
made Italian suit that she had been wearing only hours ago, now on it's way to
an auction somewhere to be sold to a new owner.  When the cuff was locked on, the two guards supervising her waited while
she slowly got to her feet and began to walk, going very slowly.  Not only from the restrictive length of the
chain between her ankles, but from the shock, the numbness that was enveloping her
like a thick blanket. 

Loosing one's freedom, becoming a prisoner, would do that to
anyone.  Especially when you had gotten
the sentence that Samantha had received from the judge upstairs.

The holding cell block was quite big, not a surprise
considering the size of the court building and the number of cases that went
through there daily.  They would need
many holding cells for prisoners en route to their destinations.  Today it was fairly crowded meaning that instead
of the usual one prisoner in a cell, it was being doubled to two per cell, each
convict chained to opposite sides of the room to be safe.  With one guard making sure she stayed still,
the other walked up to the first cell door and unlocked it, swinging the doors
wide open, revealing a bare, featureless cell inside.
Samantha was sweating bullets as they led her inside, then over to a bench, the
only feature in the cell.  She was
instructed to sit down, to which she hesitantly complied, sitting down slowly,
mind still not accepting that this was happening.  It took only a few moments to chain her to
the wall and ensuring that she wasn't going anywhere, nor was she going to be
walking over to the other inmate in the cell and vice versa.  Samantha wasn't moving as the guards left the
cell, then closed the door and locked in, sealing her in.  A quick tug to ensure that it was secure,
then they were gone. 

The tugging at the chains was brief, little more
then an animal instinct to try and break free in the hopes of dashing
to freedom.  "This your first time in jail?"  Her cell mate asked. 
"Only the newcomers do that."  No answer from Samantha, only a quiet
resignation.  "Guess so.  Don't worry, you get used to it after a
while."  He raised his cuffed hands as high as his own transport belt
would allow.  "After a while, you even stop noticing them."  His cell
mate still didn't talk.  "What's your name?"

"I don't really feel like talking right now."  She finally said.
"Oh.  Okay."  Lowering his hands, the man pressed up against the wall,
eyes closed, body relaxing, something that Samantha couldn't do even if
she tried.
The two stayed quiet for a long time...unusually long even. 
"Hmm...they usually aren't this slow."  The man muttered.  "Usually it
goes really fast." 
"How do you know?"  He smiled. 
"I used to work in a place like this.  Whenever you enter law
enforcement nowadays, you start at the bottom and work your way up. 
The bottom of the ladder happens to be guard duty at courthouses.  I
was one of the guys who took people in these cells, locked them up,
then took 'em back out once the vans got here."  He glanced out through
the barred door.  "Must be really busy today."
"How did you end up here?"  Samantha's question was quiet, almost
whispered.  She was still sad, on her way to being broken, but was
trying to find something, anything, to keep her distracted from that
realization. 
"Well, it's a long story.  Basically, I tried to let loose a few state
secrets that the public isn't supposed to know about.  The kind where
if I told you, I'd probably be executed or worse."
"There's nothing worse then death."
"I wouldn't say that."  The man quietly whispered, voice heavy with
memory.  "So...what are you facing?"  The question wasn't answered for
several moments, not while Samantha tried hard not to break down. 
Finally, she whispered,
"Life."
"Life?"  Her cell mate looked horrified. "What did you do?"
"It doesn't matter now."
"I'm afraid it does lady.  It matters.  It really matters."
"What do you mean?"
"Look, remember what I told about how when you get into the justice system you have to work your way up?"
"Yeah."
"Well, I got out of here and into a maximum security facility.  Little
more then fresh meat to replace the guards who couldn't take it
anymore.  I saw things there lady, horrible things.  Things the public
would be outraged about if they heard it."
"What things?"
"You really want to know?"
"If I'm going there..."  Samantha whispered, trying to lean forward,
feeling the chain holding her back.  "Then it's probably best to know
what I'm going up against."
"I'm not sure you'd want to know."
"Look..."  Tears coming down her eyes, Samantha glared at the man.  "I
know I'm going away for life.  I know my life's over.  But I need to
know what I'm going up against.  Please...if you know anything, tell
me.  I'd rather know then go into the unknown scared and terrified."
Her cell mate looked at her.  For a few moments he seemed torn between
telling her some terrible story or secret, or leaving her without
knowing what was coming.  But it was the look in Samantha's eyes, that
pleading, that got through to him.  "All right..." he sighed.  "But
you're not going to like it."
"I don't think I'm going to like anything I hear anymore."  Samantha
admitted."  Cuffs and chains clinking, the man leaned forward as far as
he could go and peered out the door, looking for guards.   Samantha did
the same, mimicking his movements.  When it was clear, the man learned
forward again towards Samantha, voice barely a whisper.
"Have you ever heard of Red Casket?"
"Red Casket?"
"Yeah."
"I think so...read about it online once.  Some super-secret project with that code name."
"You know anything about it?"  Samantha shook her head.
"Only that it's rumored to be a new procedure at secret prisons or something like that."
"Well...it does exist.  It's real.  I've seen it."
"You have?"
"Yeah...except it's worse then anyone on the outside could dream about.  I'm talking real horrible things."
"Torture?"  Sweat was beginning to come down Samantha's forehead.
"Not physical...mental.  The worst kind."
"How?"  Samantha's voice was very quiet now.
"Well...yYou know what I heard what happens to lifers?  How they're kept?"
"In a jail cell?"
"That's what happened in the past.  But not anymore.  You see, the
government doesn't tell the public that overcrowding got so bad years
ago that they had to take the most extreme measures to house everyone
who came in.  The normal ones, the one years, the ten years, the fifty
or sixty years, they were kept in cells like everyone else.  But then
something happened...a program was quietly put into place and given the
code name, 'Red Casket'.  Super secret stuff, stuff the public is never
going to find out about."
"Then how do you know?"
"I'm getting to that."  The man said.  Then, lowering his voice, he
continued.  "After I got out of working at a courthouse, I was
reassigned to a maximum security prison, the place that got the worst
of the worst, the lifers and such.  It wasn't pretty there, never was
supposed to be anyway.  I went along, did my job, kept order, that sort
of thing.  But then one day a guy in a black suit showed up, went to
the supervisors office.  Handed him a little folder that was taken out
of a locked briefcase.  It's read, put back in, the guy leaves."
"The next day, I'm called in with ten other guards.  We had been chosen
to oversee a new policy taking place at the prison having to do with
inmates who had life sentences.  We were going to be overseeing a new
method of confinement that they were going to be put in.  There were
the standard non-discolsure forms we had to sign, but there was a new
one saying that if we told anyone what happened, we were risking a life
sentence ourselves.  This was something the government wanted to keep
under guard at all times.  Being the naieve individual I was, I signed
the forms and came in the next day."
Samantha, leaning forward as far as her restraints would allow, listened.
"Well, we're taken below into the basement and find, of all things, a
hundred metal boxes that really look more like coffins, all of them
colored a shiny metallic red.  We have no idea what those are for, but
we're quickly briefed.  Due to the overcrowding of our prisons, the
government decided that they needed a better way to store prisoners. 
They eventually decided that keeping them stored in boxes and stacking
them one on top of another was the most space efficent way.  Before it
could be done with all inmates though, it was going to be tested on the
undesirables, the inmates nobody would miss.  Enter the lifers."
"The first inmate comes on.  He's going to be the first person in the
world to try this out.  He's in cuffs and wearing a jumpsuit, but then
he's stripped naked, injected with some sort of drug and laid out on a
table.  Some of the government guys walk up and open a case, pull out
miles of what look like electrical bandages.  But first they instruct
the medical guy on our team to hook up enemas, feeding and watering
tubes, which they do.  And then, right before our eyes...they wrap the
guy up in those electrical bandages.  They're a dark red color, wound
around and around the guy, going over his enemas and tubes and
everything.  And all that time, he's just lying there, not doing a
thing...except his eyes.  They're spinning around, trying to see what's
going on.  And those eyes of his...they were big and terrified, like
knowing that that somethings happening that you have no power to stop,
no way to get out...knowing that you're just a hunk of meat that can't
defend itself.  Turns out that the drug they hit him with was instant
paralysis.  You can't move, can't talk.  You can think.  You can look
around, you can breathe...but you can't move."
"To make a long story short, they finish wrapping him head to toe,
turning him into what looks like an Egyptian mummy.  There's no skin
showing on him, only the tubes that are coming out from under the
wrappings.  Then they wrap him again, then again, then again, doing him
four times.   By that time I think the chemicals were wearing off
because he was starting to wiggle in that cocoon of his.  Maybe
screaming, maybe pleading, couldn't tell.  All I heard was muffled
somethings coming from his wrapped up head.  Then they pick him up and
carry him over to one of the boxes.  They put him up, hook up the
tubes, take some built in straps and strap him down so he really can't
move.  Can't even wiggle. "
Samantha's eyes were wide now...as wide as the prisoner the man was talking about.
"The feds make sure everything's all connected and in place.  And then
the lid went on.  The guy inside was screaming now, I had no doubt
about that.  He was still trying to wiggle underneath the straps and
the wrappin when the lid was closed and sealed in place.  The coffin,
the feds explained, was specially designed for the purpose of long term
confinement.  Everything the human body gave out would be recyled and
fed back to him or her indefinitly, including air.  A little
self-contained environment from which a person could live for upwards
of eighty, maybe even ninety years.  The red shiny outside of the
coffin was meerly insulating material to keep the coffin cool in the
summer, warm in the winter.  Then the coffin was placed on a conveyor
belt and wheeled away down a hole towards a specially constructed
underground storage facility.  I never went down there, but I heard
from some of the other guards that it could store up to a million
people."
The man gulped, paused to catch his breath.  The memories were taxing
on him, judging by the sweat.  "Anyway...that was the first day.  We
learned over the next few months how to wrap a human being, how to
ensure that they couldn't move, how to hook everything up and how to
tie them down.  I must say that for the first year or so, I got a big
kick out of it.  Watching all the lifers be marched down into the
basement one at a time, maybe even ten if the warden wanted them to get
a glimpse of what was going to happen to them, watching them stand and
wait.  I got turned on wrapping up the female prisoners.  Nobody
objected to jiggling of breasts.  When nobody was watching, we'd even
fucked her while she was lying there.  I mean, we figured, if she was
going to be entombed for life, who was going to notice?   And watching
them wiggle in their wrappings when they were being strapped down and
sealed in...I loved my job because I was horny all the time.  I LOVED
wrapping people up and sealing them away..."
Then the man's face began to soften into regret.
"But then things began to change."
"How?"
"Well, after a year of doing it...some of the thrill, some of the
eroticism began to fade away.  I started feeling more and more sorry
for the people who I was wrapping up and putting into storage. 
Watching them struggle, hearing them scream as they were sealed inside
those coffins...I began to wonder if what we were doing was really
justice.  I mean, they were lifers because they had done some really
awful things, but...was entombing them alive for life really justice? 
Or was it just cruelty?  The more and more we went on the more I began
to feel bad...even guilty about what I did."
"The one big turning point came when a couple was buried.  They were
fairly young, seemed like newlyweds even.  I don't know what they did,
but they came down into our basement one day, shaved and naked, held
apart by the guards.  Orders came down from the warden to wrap them at
the same time, but not together.  We did it, wrapping the man and the
woman up.  But even though they couldn't speak due to the drugs, I
noticed that their eyes never left each other.  They just looked at
each other the entire time both of them were being mummified.   They
were still looking at each other when their eyes were covered up.  And
when I moved the guy into his coffin, I could swear I could hear him
crying under the wrappings.  A lot of the inmates did, but this was
different...it sounded like someone who was so full of grief that they
would rather die.  I never did feel the same after the two coffins were
carted away."
"Didn't you try to get out of it?"
"Well, yes, but it turns out that those forms we signed had some tiny
print we wern't told about.  Because this was super secret stuff, the
government wasn't taking any risks.  Once we signed that contract, the
tiny print said, we were agreeing to take the job for life with no
possibility of leaving.  Our medical guy found out about it first when
he tried to leave.  I think he was the other guy who felt guilty about
what he was doing, couldn't stand that instead of helping others, he
was condemning them to a fate worse then death.  So he tried to leave,
then was told to look at his contract.  He saw the small print, his
face turned white.  Then he tried to escape one night.  Move out of the
country, just anywhere to get away."  With a choke, the man paused
briefly.  "When we next saw him, he was brought in naked like all the
other inmates.  We were forced to wrap him up and prepare him for life
internment like everyone else.  That really shook all of us to our
core.  But we had no choice.  We had to do it.  So we wrapped him up,
all while his eyes looked at us in terror, sheer, sheer terror. 
Perhaps he was asking us to make a mistake so he could die.  But
eventually he was wrapped, placed into his own coffin and carted
away."  The man paused again, took a deep breath.  "After that, I
decided that I had to expose this whole thing no matter what it took. 
Watching one of my friends be entombed like that showed me how evil
this whole Red Casket fiasco is.  Knowing that he's still alive, still
down there five years later gets to me."
"What happened after that?"
"To make a long story short, I tried the same thing he did.  Break away
in the dead of night, try to get out of the country.  But I did the
really bad thing to.  I sent out incriminating letters to all the major
newspapers.  Well, when they caught me the feds were REALLY pissed
off.  So I was given a secret trial, and now here I am."  He raised his
handcuffs, shaking them slightly.  "About to be shipped off somewhere, never to be seen again.  That's the story of my life."
Samantha was now as white as a ghost.  "So...it's still happening?"
"Yes.  I don't know if the FBI got their hands on those letters, but
I'm hoping the news stations are going to get the word out, let people
know.  But until then..."  The man looked at Samantha.  "I'm afraid
that you...."  He couldn't finish his words, not upon seeing Samantha's
look of sheer terror.
"So...am I...."  She whimpered.  The man didn't answer that question. 
The answer was obvious.  "Oh god...oh god oh god no, that' can't be
true...that's inhumane.  It's cruel, they wouldn't do that..." 
Samantha's voice was, understandably, shaking.
"Try telling the government that.  We've got thousands of people all
buried where I worked, no doubt thousands, maybe millions more around
the country.  Millions of lifers, just vanishing, never, ever to be
seen again.  All of them wrapped up like mummies, stored together." 
Samantha was crying now, tears dropping to the floor, realizing that
everything her cell mate had described was to be her fate.  It was only
a matter of time before she too joined the many entombed away from the
public eye.
"What is it like?"  She sobbed through her tears.
"What?"
"What is it like, being wrapped up?"
"I don't know.  I've never been wrapped myself."
"Does it hurt?"
"No.  No, it doesn't."  He told her.  "It doesn't hurt at all."
"You're...sure?"
"Yes.  Being wrapped doesn't hurt.  The bandages may be high tech, but
they're soft.  You'll be wrapped up multiple times, but it won't hurt."
"What...what about the casket?"  She asked, still weeping. 
"Well..." the man said quietly.  "...it's hard and it will hurt.  Your
bandages will provide some cushioning, but it's still going to be hard
and stiff.  The straps will keep you from moving, so you'll have to try
and wiggle frequently to keep from getting sores."
"What can I do?"  Samantha wept, not really asking anyone in
paticular.  "What am I going to do?"  The man looked at her.  He felt
sorry for her, sorry for what she was going to go through.   If this
was a year ago, she simply would have been another lifer who was going
to be turned into a living mummy to be sealed away in a casket and
buried for life.  Now though...now it was different.  She was a human
just like him...vulnerable...open and full of fear...just like him.
"Just try to take it one day at a time."  He said quietly to the woman
with the life sentence.  "Try to just focus on what's with you instead
of the future.  Try to focus only on the present.  I don't know if
loosing your mind would help, but it may."  Samantha didn't answer,
only kept crying.  "Do you like BDSM?"  The question was random enough
to jolt Samantha into noticing him.
"W...what?"
"Do you like BDSM?"  She sniffed.
"A little..."
"Well...maybe you could try to get turned on and see how many times you can...well...you know..."
"I don't think that's going to help much."  Samantha sobbed.  "It won't help!"  More tears flowed.
"Well...the only other thing I can think of is holding onto the hope
that those letters got out, that the news is going to look into this,
and that you'll be released someday."
For a moment Samantha seemed torn between answering and continuing to
cry...but before she could give any reply, there was the sound of
footsteps coming up to the cell door.  The guards had returned and they
were looking at her.  "Time to go." 
The door was unlocked and swung open, the guards walking inside.  One
stood in front of Samantha while the other went behind her and unlocked
the chains bolting her to the wall.  Now, more then ever, Samantha
looked like she was about to die of fright, maybe of shock.  Hands took
her shoulders and pushed, trying to get her to walk.  She did, but
stumbling more then before.  Legs trembled as their owner contemplated
running, almost did, forgetting the cuffs locked around her ankles.  As she was slowly marched off, Samantha managed a glance back
at the man, face full of fear, pleading for help, any help, that he could give her.

But he couldn't help her.  Couldn't help her avoid her fate.  All he could manage was a quiet, sorrow filled, "Good
luck."  They were not nearly enough
for Samantha, who was marched out of the room and down the hallway, out of
sight.  The sound of her footsteps grew
quiet and then vanished as she was gone.  With her gone, the remaining guard closed the cell door and locked it, leaving the man alone inside once again. "Sit tight.  Your van is going to be
here in a few minutes."  Turning, the guard  walked away, no doubt off to move some other prisoner.

The man in the cell stared at the hallway.  He thought he heard a distant sob, but the noise from the other holding cells muted it.  Chains and cuffs clinking, he sat back against the wall, grimly realizing that there was nothing left to do now but wait for the van that would take him away to arrive.

He wondered if he was going to break down when he was going to be carried to his own red casket.
