---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sunny_day.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Sunny Day
authors:
- Slave Victoria
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2005-10-12 00:00:00
---

Sunny Day by Slave Victoria
This morning I awoke to a beautiful sunny day.  The sun was high
in the sky with a small cloud here and there.  It was 78 degrees outside
with a very slight breeze, enough to cool your skin briefly.  Master
told me he had something very special in mind for me today.  We were
going to play outside today.  This makes me very nervous, I’m afraid
to do things outside – someone might see.  I must obey Master my or
be punished, and I don’t want to be punished, I want to be a good slave
and please my Master so I must do as he says.

Master tells me to take a shower and make sure I’m very clean. 
Then I’m to put on my leathers, which consist of ankle and wrist restraints
each with one bondage loop, also a 3” leather posture collar.  I also
need to gather the large 9” black dildo, the 1”x6” red jelly vibrating
dildo, the blindfold, and plenty of lubricant.  When this is finished
I need to wait in presentation posture at the end of his bed.  Master
gives me 30 minutes to accomplish these tasks.  I must hurry so that
I keep Master happy with me.

Master likes to watch me shower, I must always masturbate when I shower. 
I use the shower hose to help stimulate my clitoris.  The hot water
spraying back and forth across my now erect clit feels so very good. 
I’m thinking about how good my Master’s cock feels inside my tight, wet
pussy, sliding in and out.  It doesn’t take long before I slide three
fingers inside my tight pussy.  It feels so good.  It is hard
to stand because my legs are feeling wobbly.  I can see Master watching
me through my clear shower walls.  I see the desire in his eyes as
he strokes his very hard cock.  It drives me over the edge. 
I must cum.  I now have only ten minutes to get dried off and get
all my things together.

Master has gone outside to prepare a place for me as I scurry about
trying to get done in time.  I must always have my hair done and make-up
looking nice for presentation posture.  I have everything together
and get into posture by Master’s bed just as he comes into the house. 
I hear him stop under his bedroom to listen if I have finished or not. 
He is satisfied and finishes what he was preparing for me outside.

About 15 minutes later he came upstairs to his bedroom to find me still
waiting in posture for him.  He makes me bend over at the waist with
my legs spread wide so he can inspect my pussy and asshole for cleanliness
(there must be no hair there at all either).  He first smells them,
and then he starts to flick my clit with his tongue, working with such
precision, till I’m about to climax then he stopped.  He gives me
a minute to regain my composure then he starts licking my asshole. 
As he is working my star with his tongue he shoves two fingers in my now
wet pussy.  Sliding them in and out till I scream with delight, I
want to give him a good orgasm, but he doesn’t allow me to.  He tells
me I must wait till he gives me permission.  This makes me even more
aroused.  Now he takes the bottle of lubricant and works at filling
my asshole slowly penetrating with one finger working the lubricant inside
until there is enough that when I stand it will slowly drip out. 
He then lubes my pussy until it is also dripping.  He hands me my
blindfold and tells me to put it on, he doesn’t want me to see what he
has planned.

He leads me outside on a very winding walk with so many turns that I
don’t know where I am anymore.  Then he tells me to sit on the picnic
table that he has prepared for me.  It feels very cold to my skin. 
I climb up onto the table.  He then tells me to lie down with my head
slightly off the edge of the table.  I do as he says.  It takes
me a little to adjust to where he wants me, but he is kind and helps position
me.  He then ties a rope through the bondage loop on my collar and
pulls it tight so my head is slightly tilted back, just enough to slow
circulation, but not too slow.  I feel the rough edge of the table
on the back of my head.  He then ties it off to the center table leg. 
I can no longer lift my head.  Then he takes another rope and runs
it through the bondo-loop on my right wrist and connects it under the table
to my left ankle.  He does the same with my left wrist and right ankle. 
Then he weighs the rope down with something under the table.  He sits
on the bench next to the table and watches me.  Slowly he starts to
rub his hand over my breasts making my large nipples erect.  I can
only wish for him to suck on them.  I fell his hand move down to my
aching pussy.  I can feel the heat of his hands on my skin. 
He parts my lips and I feel his fingers on my clit rubbing back and forth. 
I feel him put his fingers inside my opening.

By this time my head is slightly pounding and my breathing has become
faster.  Master now takes the big 9” black dildo and rubs my opening
with it.  I want so much to feel it inside.  Slowly he puts the
dildo inside my pussy working it slowly at first then increasing his speed
till he tells me to cum.  I must cum; I cannot hold it in any longer. 
I try to work the dildo, but I can hardly move.  If I squirm too much
the weight on the ropes moves and the ropes get tighter.  Now Master
takes the vibro-plug and gets it lubed for my asshole.  He has put
lubricant on his finger and slides one inside.  It feels so good going
in and out.

Now he is putting in the plug.  Ooh!  It feels wonderful;
my skin feels like it is on fire.  I need to cum but I don’t have
Master’s permission.  I ask “Master?”  “Yes slave?” he says. 
“Master, may I please cum?”  “No slave!”  He then comes around
by my head.  I feel his hard cock rub against my face and on the blindfold. 
“Slave!”  He says, “Open your mouth!”  I opened my mouth as wide
as I could and he shoved his hard cock into it as deep as he could. 
It felt like it was going down my throat.  He fucked my mouth so hard
I could barely breath.  He said, “That will teach you for speaking
without permission!”  Then he placed a cock gag inside my mouth, it
had a breathing hole, and strapped it on tight.  He went back to working
the dildo and anal plug and told me to cum once more.  I very obediently
obliged.

Master could see that I was very hot so he grabbed the garden hose and
cooled me off with ice-cold water.  Being very careful to pay special
attention to my erect nipples and clit.  Master, by this time, needed
some attention so he climbed on the table and removed the dildo. 
He placed his hard cock on my wet pussy and rammed it inside.  Sliding
in and out faster and harder until I came on his hard cock.  Then
he came inside my pussy.  He just lay there for a moment shuddering
with every breath he took.  After he regained his control he climbed
off the table.  He worked the vibro-plug a bit more then took it out
and replaced it with the large dildo.  Moving it in and out at first
with slow gentle movements then working it harder and faster till I came. 
My juices flowed down onto the dildo and my asshole.

Master then came up by my face.  He said, “I didn’t give you permission
to cum.  Twice you came without permission, now you must be punished.” 
He took the gag out of his mouth and made me suck and lick his cock until
it was clean.  He then left me there.

I think I was there about 20 minutes but it felt like hours.  Master
came back with a bucket of warm, soapy water.  He told me that I made
a mess of myself and now he was going to have to wash me again.  He
sprayed me with cold water from the hose again.  Then he took a sponge
from the bucket he brought and gently washed my breasts and stomach. 
Then he gently slid the sponge over my arms, as he did this my skin tingled. 
I could feel my pussy ooze cum.  My asshole ached for more attention. 
He then washed my legs.  Then he took the sponge and thoroughly washed
my pussy and asshole.  He rinsed me off with cold water again, the
shock of it made me scream.  He untied me and helped me to stand up. 
Then he washed my back.  By this time Master was hard again. 
He told me to bend over the edge of the table.  I did as he told me
to do.  He lubed his cock and slowly slid it inside my still wet asshole. 
He fucked my ass so well.  His hard cock felt so good inside my tight,
smooth ass.  In and out faster and faster until he could hold out
no longer.  He came all over my ass and back.

He then allowed me to remove my blindfold, had me wash the table, and
put away my things away.  Then we took a shower together gently scrubbing
each other making sure we were both very clean.  We dried each other
off then found something to eat.

I love my Master and would be lost without him.  I want only to
please him.

       Written by:
 Slave Victoria
