---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Appropriate Action
authors:
- Steathbinder
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- car
- toys
- climax
- mast
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2010-08-03 00:00:00
---

A Thursday Afternoon in July

The morning had been clear but winds were growing stronger as the afternoon progressed, with the humidity rising, the stuffy hot summer weather of the last two days giving way. Now clouds were beginning to build in the west, prelude to the storms that were predicted to come later this afternoon, some forecasters said could become severe.

The car turned onto a street lined with old growth trees. The large yards, many ornately fenced in, were well manicured and pruned before the large, older Victorian and colonial style homes that were well maintained. The street was empty, no children running and only the odd expensive car or two driving past, which wasn’t surprising for the early afternoon hour. Grace shifting in her seat slightly, silently watched the trees and properties pass by, knowing they were getting close to their destination. There was little else she could do.

Several hours earlier, Grace had been called into her boss’ office, the Director of Marketing, and he was not happy. It seemed that she had made one of their largest clients rather unhappy and was about to be called on the carpet about it. The client, Peltz, had been a major pain in the ass, demanding all sorts of things that were well outside the scope of their agreement. Grace had done her best to keep the client happy but finally she could do no more. When he made a derogatory comment about her, she got angry and told him off. It felt good, but suspected there would be repercussions.

What she didn’t say till prior this morning was how the client was making no so innocent innuendos towards her. Though nothing was said directly, he made it quite clear to her that all she had to do to make him happy was to perform a few special favors for him, all sexual in nature. It wasn’t the first time she had been flirted with by a client, though most made it clear things were outside the professional relationship. This guy took it to a new level, making it clear the more Grace made him happy in bed, the more business they would conduct.

Grace was no fool. The pretty natural blonde got into sales because it was a good place to use her looks to help get ahead. Though she carried some extra weight, she was by no means fat or even heavy. She was what was often referred to as full figured woman, making her look more womanly and more curvaceous than fragile stick strait fashion models.

Her professional cloths were mainly business suits that she had tailored to fit her perfectly to flatter her figure. Her suit jackets cut to define the slender waist and full chest. Blouses and tops that accented her chest and cut low enough to display just a hint of cleavage. Skirts fell several inches above the knees to show off her shapely legs and were always paired with heels of no less than 4 inches tall. She looked both professional and attractive in the same package, getting a man’s attention with her looks and keeping it with her wits and smarts.

But in this case, it backfired. The client only saw her body, not her brains. Even though she did everything within her power to satisfy the client, it was never enough. Tired of the endless leering and suggestive comments, she tried to tone it down last time she meet with him, making him angry that he wasn’t getting his desired eye candy. When he called her stupid, she’d taken enough and threatened to go to his superiors to file a complaint against him before storming out of his office, hearing his snicker as she did.

But instead of the client getting his ass busted, Grace now had hers on the line. The client called the president of her company, saying he was on the verge of canceling all agreements entirely unless something is done.

Her boss, Mark, was plenty hot that she had told off the client, rather than come to him with the issues. Grace was allowed to tell her side of the story, about the client’s sexual advances towards her and his remarks about her smarts. While Mark understood her position, Grace was told how poorly she handed the situation, how she should have come to him, and in no uncertain terms told why he’s the boss and she reports to him.

After the verbal reprimand, Mark had a new problem. While the president had assured the client that the issue would be dealt with properly, how was he going to deal with Grace? A simple verbal warning wasn’t going to cut it, for the client wanted something more than an apology. The funny thing was the client didn’t want her fired or even taken off the account.

“This doesn’t make a bit of sense. What does he want?” Grace asked. “Does he expect you to give me a spanking?”

Mark sat back in his chair. “He didn’t specify, just said we need to do something.” He said then smiled. “Maybe that IS what he wants.”

“He wants me spanked? Like a child?” Grace questioned.

“One of the comments he said was you behaved like a child.” Mark replied.

“Who’s being childish now?” Grace replied, making Mark chuckle. “Look, I’ll be happy to take the blame, even apologize to him, written and personally. Isn’t that good enough?”

“It’s a start, but might not be enough. Look Grace, I need to do something.” Mark said. “Maybe nothing as childish as spanking, but something needs to be done. I’m sure not going to fire someone with your track record, talents and experience for something like this, since I can sympathize with you a little. And I’ve already gone to bat for you and stood up to the president on this one. But a verbal warning’s not going to cut it, even with our management. And I don’t want a written warning placed in your file to blemish your record. I can cut your bonus, but who wants that in this economy. So the question is what do I do to discipline you that will make everyone happy?”

Grace looked over at her boss. She appreciated that he stood up and defended her. Mark had given her some latitude to deal with clients as she needed to, and he trusted her. He gave her a chance when no one else would. She owed him one, maybe even more than one. And she could tell Mark was ripped up over this, so she decided to throw him a bone and make an offer.

“Listen, what if you tell management you’re cutting my bonus by, say a third, this period. Would that satisfy them?”

Mark thought for a moment. “That’s no slight hit to your pocket book. Better if I say I’m cutting it, but not give a percent and take a chance. If they ask, then I start small and work up if needed. If they don’t ask, then I try and keep it small enough not to hurt. But it could backfire and they tell me how much, which could then get hefty depending on their mood.”

“Thanks” Grace replied, knowing her boss was watching he back, once again.

“As for Peltz, I’ll tell him I gave you a good spanking, made it so you can’t sit for a week. Knowing him, it will appeal to his nature and satisfy him.”

Grace laughed. “And what about us?” she asked. “Does this satisfy you?”

“To be honest with you, no.” Mark said, turning serious again. “You screwed up, big I might add. I’m only going along with it because this is you’re first major offense and you’re too good to loose. I’m vouching for you Grace this time around, but it can’t happen again. Screw up like this again and it’s my ass on the line as well as yours, and we both suffer.”

Grace got the message, and realized that her boos really was going the extra mile for her, possible even taking a hit on his career as well. She needed to thank him somehow.

“What can I do to thank you and make it up to you?” she replied.

“Just don’t let it happen again, bring your problems to me no matter how small, don’t make scenes before clients and bring in more business.”

“That I understand.” She replied, leaning forward to let her top open more, showing off her ample bust line. “You’re going out on a limb for me, I should at least do something to thank you.” She said as she crossed her legs, letting her skirt rise up a couple inches. Mark was good looking guy, with a handsome face and in good shape physically. More than once she wondered what a tumble between the sheets with him would be like, and guessed he would be good. Why not find out?

“What do you mean? Grace, if you’re suggesting that you and I…..”

“Don’t play coy with me Mark, for you know what I’m offering. I mean what can I do for you, personally? I want to thank you for all you’ve done for me and what you’re doing now. You can call it my punishment if you like, but I’ll call it retribution, so just tell me what you want.”

For the first time, she saw Mark looked a bit nerves. So much the better if he was. She liked using her sexuality to get the upper hand, so why now with her boss.

Mark sat back in his chair, looking Grace over. It had been a long time since a woman threw herself at him and it felt damn flattering. This was all her idea and he never made hints at wanting anything from her. Grace was an attractive woman, so why not indulge himself a bit and take her up on the offer. Besides, he could use a little break in his crazy life.

“You really want to get us both in trouble.” he said, his confidence returning.

“We already are, so why not make it worth it.” She said with a seductive smile.

“Alright.” He said softly. “What I want will be a little different, so you will need to trust me and do just as I say. Agreed?”

“Agreed.” Grace replied with a seductive smile. “What do you want me to do?”

“I’ll leave that as a surprise.” He replied. “Just clear you calendar for the afternoon and be back here at noon. We have a little road trip to take.”

Grace returned to her boss’ office precisely at 12 as told. Together they left his office, Mark taking his case with him. “We’re out at a client site and meetings for the rest of the afternoon, so we’ll be out of communication during that time.” He told his assistant, who nodded. They headed down to his car, a large luxury import one with tinted windows and all the options. He held the passenger door open for her.

“Where are we heading?” Grace asked.

“First, we work on your apology over lunch. We have a 1 o’clock with Peltz.”

They had a quick sit down lunch at a deli near Peltz’s office, Mark buying on his corporate card. “A working lunch.” He said as the two went over what Grace was to say. A couple minutes past 1, they were ushered into the client’s private office.

“I completely regret what has happened and I hope you accept my sincerest personal apology, and do not hold my inappropriate actions against us or my organization.” Grace said, ending her apology. Though in her mind, she really didn’t feel she needed to give one, rather believing the reverse should be in order but didn’t expect it.

“Apology accepted.” Peltz replied. “As far as I’m concern, the issue is closed. From my perspective, I’d hate to loose Grace as my rep, for she had done a marvelous job for us.”

“Rest assured, Grace is still assigned to your account.” Mark replied.

“But I suspect you will be dealing with this as well.” Peltz said using a usual oily voice.

“Appropriate action will take place.” Mark stated, sounding professional and convincing.

“May I ask what that will be?” Peltz inquired.

“I must decline to answer. I sure you can understand when I say that’s an internal decision within our organization and I’m not a liberty to discuss it.”

“Oh yes, of course.” He replied, getting the message that is was none of his business. “Now, there are some items I would like to…”

“My apologies again Mr. Peltz, but our schedule is rather tight this afternoon. We only have a few moments to talk with you, for Grace and I have another appointment scheduled and we must depart now if we are to make it on time.”

“My morning is open tomorrow and I have Monday clear. I’d be happy to either call or stop in to work with you on any new items.” Grace added.

“Oh, of course, excuse my assumptions.” He said, knowing he lost control of the meeting, which was a tactic he liked to employ to empower himself over others. “Tomorrow at 9:30 works best for me. Please stop by then.” He said as he looked over his calendar.

After exchanging partings, Mark and Grace left the office a moment later.

“Notice he still wants to deal with you in person.” Mark commented as they rode the elevator down. “Guess he’s really not too upset with you and probably never was.”

“More like he wants to continue to eye me up.”

“I guessed that too.” Mark noticed how Peltz’s eyes wandered up and down all over Grace as she sat across the desk from the letch. “You handled it well today, good job.”

“Thanks. So what client are we heading to next?” grace asked as the elevator stopped.

“We’re done with clients for the day.” He said as the reached the ground floor of the building.

“I see.” She replied, a knowing smile on her face as the exited the lift. “So does that mean it’s time for some appropriate action to take place?” she said softly, echoing his earlier words.

“You sure you still want to go through with this?” he asked.

“Very sure.” She replied, placing a hand on his arm. “I’m looking forward to it actually.”

He only thought for a second more before nodding to the restrooms. “Go in there and take off your bra, but leave everything else on. Put it in you bag before you come out.” He said softly, so no one else in the lobby heard.

Grace smiled, then turned on her heels and headed into the ladies room, putting a little something extra into her walk for show. She returned a few minutes later, a knowing smirk on her face as she walked back to her boss.

“Better?” she whispered. Her boobs hardly seemed to have sagged at all. Mark gave a silent approval and they headed out of the building.

They walked to his car in the nearby parking structure. For some reason, he parked on the lowest level, in an area away from all the other cars, so they needed to walk further that needed both to and from the elevator. In fact, her side of the car faced a wall. He popped the trunk remotely as they reached the vehicle.

“Stand next to the car and wait.” He said as he put his case into the trunk. He rummaged for a moment before he found what he needed, then closed the trunk lid. In his hand, he held several bundles of white ropes.

“What are those for?” Grace asked with a nervous laugh.

“I think you know. If not, you’ll find out in a moment. You said you trusted me and I should do as I wanted, right?”

“I did.” She replied, eyeing up the ropes.

“Then trust me.” He replied with a smile.

She never would have guessed Mark had an erotic streak in him. She’d been tied to the bed a few times in the past and found it enjoyable enough. Knowing how creative and intelligent Mark was, it could be interesting to see what he came up with. Grace quickly thought it through and figured fine, if he was a little kinky, why not give it a whirl?

Mark saw the look on her face and knew she was going to do just fine. “Turn around and place your hands behind your back.” He said.

Grace did. Mark adjusted her hands, mating her wrists so her palms were facing one another. With her fingers balled into a fist, he looped a rope around her wrists and quickly bound them together, cinching the middles tight and making sure her fingers could not reach the knots. He did it so fast she hardly had time to react.

He opened the back car door and told her to sit inside but to keep her feet outside. A second rope was tied around her ankles, followed by a third below her knees, pinning her legs firmly together. From his coat pocket he produced a small hanky and what seemed to be a silk scarf, both in white. He told her to open her mouth. Grace did and the hanky was fitted into her mouth. A moment later, the scarf was place between her teeth and the ends tied behind her head. He stood looking down at the attractive blonde as she lightly twisted in her bonds, testing his work. A big grin was on his face.

“You’re just about ready for the trip.” He said as he knelt down. “One last thing to adjust and we’ll be on our way.” He said as he started to unbuttoned her blouse. He got about half way before he stopped and pulled the material apart, exposing her boobs to the air. Now she understood why he parked where he did, for he didn’t want any onlookers interrupting.

“Perfect.” He said, but Grace didn’t know if he meant her situation or her chest. “Let’s get moving.” He said as he helped swing her feet into the car and closed the door. He got in behind the wheel and drove away.

As they drove, Grace found it a little uncomfortable to sit with her hands tied behind as they were. Eventually, she lifted her legs up onto the seat and worked her back into the corner, giving her a comfortable ride as she leaned against the seat. Here she lightly squirmed, continuing to test her restraints as they went. Her skirt had ridden up her legs higher, her legs exposed to the mid thighs but her privates still kept covered. She felt like a kidnapped heiress being taken to her captor’s hideout, which was kind of exciting. She was grateful for the tinted windows, for no one could peer in and see her restrained, gagged and exposed condition. Yet would have loved to see the reaction on peoples faces as they passed.

Now there was on his street and pulled the car into a driveway. The house was a beautiful large Victorian style home, three stories in height, with one corner of the home a rounded turret on all three levels and topped by a steep roof with a lightening rod and weather vein. It was cedar shingled and painted a cheery red with black trim, and looked very well maintained even though it had to be at least 100 years old. He pulled the car up next to a side entrance. The 3 car garage was not attached to the home.

He got out and popped the trunk, getting his case and another bag out before he went to the house to first unlock the door and put his things inside. Then, after a quick sweep of the area, he opened the car door and helped Grace get her legs out. He removed the ropes from her shapely legs and ankles, then pulled her top closed but did not button it. He helped her from the car, her hands still tied behind her back and lips gagged. Without a word, he led her up the steps to the door and in they went.

They entered into a small mudroom which fed into a renovated kitchen. All the appliances were modern models including what looked like a heavy duty restaurant style stove. The hardwood floors, though appearing to be original, were well preserved, made her high heels click loudly as they walked through, Mark leading Grace by a bound arm and carrying the second bag with him.

“Don’t worry. We have the place to ourselves for the entire day.” He said.

They went to a hallway, Grace catching a glimpse of the living room that was partly composed of the turret of the first floor. It was decorated with period furniture but it all looked clean and nearly new. She wanted to tell him how beautiful his home was as they walked through but the gag prevented comment. By now, her blouse had fallen open again, partly exposing her chest once more.

He led Grace up the steps to the second floor, which again looked perfect, but they didn’t stop, for they went up to the third floor. Here he led her to a room in the front of the house. He opened the closed door and led Grace in.

The room was empty of furniture or carpet. In fact, it looked like it was in the process of being redone, for the bare floors were dusty. She guessed the room had just been gutted and new drywall installed on the walls and ceiling, but had not been painted over yet. Part of the dark stained rafters has been left exposed to give it a rustic yet elegant feeling. The old floor was in need of sanding and staining, but still felt solid and the trim around the windows was not installed yet. The turret made up about half of the room, with three large windows giving a panoramic view. Considering the height of the home, they were above the rooflines of all their neighbors and most of the trees, so the view was very impressive.

“Excuse the mess.” Mark said as he closed the door and dropped the bag onto a small table that served as a workbench. “Restoring this house has been my hobby for the last few years. I’m still deciding if this will be my home office or a guest room.” He said as he opened the windows to let some fresh air in. It was more stuffy than warm, but the stiff breezy made it much more bearable.

He led Grace over near the windows, stepping around an odd looking item. “Like the view?” he asked a moment later. Grace nodded and mumbled her approval. “Good, for you’re going to seeing it for a while.” he said, with an interesting look on his face.

He took her back to the odd looking item. It was a square platform, maybe 3 feet across and rising a couple inches off the floor, with a thick square post, about 4 or 5 inches in diameter, rising up 4 or so feet high. The post had all the corners smoothly rounded off and was not mounted perfectly centered but a few inches toward one edge of the platform. Grace noticed several eye hooks were screwed into both the post and the platform base in various places, some parallel to others. The whole thing was stained an oak color and sealed in varnish to make it smooth and shiny.

“A little contraption of my own design.” He said as he helped her to step onto the platform. “Seldom used, unfortunately, but I get the chance today.” He said as he positioned her against the post, with her back to it. The post rose to about the middle of her back, between her shoulders.

He untied her wrists and pulled them behind the column. A moment later, her hands were tied again with her wrists facing one another again. He then took the scarf from her lips and pulled the soaked hanky from her mouth.

“Have you ever been tied up before? Not just you hands tied to the headboard during sex, but really tied up so you can’t get free for hours.”

“No, I haven’t.” Grace replied. “But I’m guessing you want to do that to me today.”

“You guess correctly.” He said. “This will be your punishment, that appropriate action I talked about. For the next few hours, I’m going to keep you here tightly tied up.” He said.

“But, I thought we were, I mean, I meant we should…”

“I know what you meant, but I told you we were going to do things my way.”

“But don’t you want me?” she asked. Why didn’t he want her?

“What man wouldn’t want you? But for now, no. We’ll work on that later. But I promise, you will enjoy this, confusing as it may be right now. Trust me.”

Grace nodded, confused and disappointed, but curious in what he had in mind for her. She concluded he must not want to cheat on his wife.

He took a long rope and wrapped it around her waist with a large loop, pulling it snug. Grace expected him to use it to tie her to the post, but was completely surprised when he pulled it between her legs and feed the end under the loop. Adjusting the rope and her skirt constantly, he pulled it tighter and tighter till it was up against her crotch, and still her pulled it tighter. Her skirt rose higher, exposing her entire leg, with the rope going between her butt cheeks. Finally, with the rope pulled very tight against her, actually going between her vaginal lips, he tied it off, then attached it to her wrist ropes. Only her satin panties formed a thin barrier between her pussy and the rope.

“What’s this for?” she asked, not understanding at all what he was doing.

“You’ll find out.” He said.

Next, he bound her legs together at the ankles and knees, above and below. He lashed her shapely legs to the post as well. Two more ropes bound her upper body to the column, one around her waist, and another below her boobs, but not before he pulled both her suit coat and blouse open to completely exposed her breasts.

All the while he worked, Grace continued to squirm lightly. Oddly, she felt the rope between her legs slide around over her satin panties each time she wiggled. When he was finished, she tested his work while he did something behind her. Everything was tight and secure.

He stepped back up onto the platform, with a fresh hanky in his hand. “This will be more comfortable than the cleave gag you had before.” He said. Grace opened up and the hanky went it. “This is to keep your tongue in place.” He said. From a roll of white surgical tape, he peeled off a long strip and covered her lips. “This will keep you quiet.” He added. Her red lips showing thought the opaque material was a nice touch.

Mark walked around the platform checking his work. The ends of the ropes were no where near her fingers and no knots were reachable. The ropes were tied snug, so they wouldn’t slip out of place or fall off. While no gag would ever cut off all sounds she could make, it was more than effective to keep her muted. Everything was perfect.

Mark stepped around to the front of the platform and looked at his watch. “A little past 2. Our meeting is starting late.” He said. “Since I planned to keep you like this for 3 hours, you may be working a little overtime today.”

Mark stepped over toward the windows, peering out to the horizon. Large clouds were beginning to build in the distance. “Looks like a storm is building up. Something for you to look at as you stand here. I’ll check back on you in a little while.” he said as he stepped away from her view. She heard the door open them shut, and what sounded like a key turning in the lock.

Grace was alone with her thoughts. 3 hours, tied and gagged. Good thing she used the restroom when she removed her bra earlier. Why leave her like this for all that time? She was offering so much more than just, well, this. Why didn’t he want her? She planned to rock his world with crazy hot sex. Even exposed as she was, he never even touched her, at least in a sexual way. Mark was married, but why tie her up and exposed her boobs if he wasn’t going to do anything with her? OK, if the goal was to punish her with strict bondage, that she could understand, but why have her half naked if he didn’t bother to at least get a quick feel of her body in the process?

Grace was both frustrated and irritated. Yeah, she’d been tied to be the once or twice by a lover who wanted to experiment. But that was a prelude to sex. This didn’t serve that purpose and sure didn’t look like it would lead to anything more. How in the world would he even try and have sex with her when she was tied like this? Grace had hoped for a good romp between the sheets, not tied up like the condemned after a witch trial. She looked out the windows, seeing the trees blowing in the wind. The sun was still shinning but Mark was right. A storm was building and from the looks of the billowing clouds, it was going to be a good one.

She could look down and watched cars pass by on the street, figuring no one would suspect that a woman was held tied and gagged on the third floor of the house they passed. Even the office had no idea where they were or could imagine her plight. And Grace wondered where Mark was and wondered what he would do when he returned.

Grace was constantly squirming in her fetters. At least her current gag was more comfortable than the prior one, but knew her subdued grunts would not be heard pass this room. While she knew it was useless, she still tried to break free of her bonds, worming around, reaching for a rope end or hoping a cord would loosen and slid down her body. Nothing moved or slid, save one lone rope.

But an odd thing was happening as she twisted and turned. Due to her constant struggles against the cords that held her firm, the rope tied between her legs was continuously moving, and in a most interesting and pleasant way. It felt like a finger pressing against her pussy, slowly rubbing back and forth. The more she squirmed, the more it moved against her and the more gratification it gave. She began to understand why he tied that rope where he did, for it was getting her excited the longer it went. She was beginning to understand why this was going to be punishment beyond just her captivity.

She looked out the windows and saw the clouds getting closer and darker. Occasionally she saw lightening flashing in the sky as the winds was picking up. It was not too unlike the erotic tingling that was growing inside her helpless frame.

After some time, Mark returned to check on her and the bondage. She made soft moans to him as he reviewed the ropes and knots, hoping she could get him to do more than just review her bindings. Satisfied she was still secure, he slowly walked around the platform, looking at her from all angles. Grace felt like he was admiring a priceless statue at an art museum. But she was not made of cold marble or bronze but of flesh and hot blood. And the more he looked, the more aroused she became and squirmed more which aroused her even more in a continuing cycle.

After several minutes, a hand touched his exposed breast. Grace groaned deeply as he lightly held it, running his hand over her fleshy mound. She groaned when he caressed her erect nipple, sending wonderful sensations throughout her. But the attentions were short lived and soon she was left alone again, locked in the room and bound to the post, watching the weather closing in on her.

She had no concept of time, not knowing how long she had already remained at her post or how much of the 3 hours she had left. Outside, lightening was flashing more and more as the storm grew closer. She could hear distant rumbled of thunder, but as the moments past, they grew stronger, just like her fervor was growing.

Mark returned again, this time closing the windows. Already the room was growing darker but started to light up with the bright lightening flashes. This time, Mark spent less time reviewing and observing. After a quick review of her bondage, both hands came into contact with her chest. She groaned deeply and fought against the ropes harder. He squeezed her boobs and fondled them heartily, making Grace wild with lust. When he rolled her nipples between his fingers, she thought she died and went to paradise. A climax was building in her, growing stronger by the second, but was left to suffer alone when he pulled away and left her in solitude once more.

This new form of punishment was driving her wild and yet was so mind blowing and exciting. Unable to move or act, she was totally at his mercy, craving his touches and wanting them not to stop, yet unable to encourage him to do more. The crotch rope was still doing marvelous things to her, keeping her so excited yet denying her greatest need, an orgasm.

The storm had grown powerful, both inside and out. Lightening was flashing all about the turret, making the room tremble with it’s power. She worried that it might strike the turret, but reasoned that over the past century it must have been hit scores of times and it was still standing to take on more. But all the excitement she had was down between her legs and growing stronger at a snails pace.

She didn’t even hear when Mark returned this time. He stood behind her and groped her breasts, making her moan and groan wildly. He gave her a good long fondling before he stopped again, making her whine loudly when he did. Standing in front of her, he was doing something with the crotch rope, giving Grace the hope that maybe he was about to remove it and replace it with his hands or even his mouth.

But the rope remained tightly tied in place. A moment later, a new sensation started. The cord was now vibrating. Mark had tied a small vibrator to the rope, which sent small but continuous tingles against her clit. Grace moaned deeply, knowing that this alone would not be enough to make her climax, just get her more horny but leave her unfulfilled.

Left alone once more, she reached new heights of frustration and amazement. She was getting close to her orgasm, but it was still too little to make it happen. She thrashed against the ropes in the hope that maybe it would be enough to make her come. But there was no slack in the ropes, so what little she could move didn’t give enough to make it happen.

But on the other hand, never before had she had so much amazing foreplay and how good it felt. Guessing it had gone on for at least two hours now, she was in a constant state of arousal with a constant stream of sensations being applied to her helpless body. The rain pummeled against the windows and roof, the roar of thunder and the flashes of lightening mixed with her contestant streams of moans and groans, yet no relief was in sight. Both storms were going to rage uncontrolled for a while.

She saw Mark standing by her side, watching her struggle and whither. She pleaded with him to do something, anything to make her climax. He turned the vibrator up, adding more torment to her situation. His hand fumbled with her boobs, fondling her flesh and tormenting her nipples. New sensations surrounded her breasts when he took them his mouth, sucking on her boobs while licking at her nipples. She went back and forth between them, sucking one and groping the other.

He stopped again and Grace cried out in frustration. She couldn’t take him leaving again. But he didn’t, for the vibrator was turned up higher. Now he stood behind her and she felt something against her hands. His cock was free of his pants and brushing up against hands. She wrapped her fingers around his rod as his hands took hold of her breasts from behind. He squeezed, fondled and toyed with her boobs relentlessly while Grace stroked his cock as best as her ropes hands could while her orgasm finally reached the breaking point.

Thunder and lightening were running wild, both almost simultaneous as the height of the storm now passed over the house. Her orgasm was getting so close yet was so slow to come. Mark was groaning, bucking his hip in mock intercourse, so Grace concentrated her fingers on the head of cock even as her body wildly thrashed about. The crotch rope rubbed hard against her as vibrations flooded her clit, slowing reaching a peak.

At last, she reached the point where nothing would stop it. She went into a series of grunt and groans that grew to a constant stream. She screamed over and over into her gag as the long suffering orgasm finally exploded, thundering through her body like the raging storm was outside. It was so powerful, so strong, it flooded her every nerve, running on and on, more prevailing and fulfilling than any orgasm she ever had in her life.

Still feeling the effects of the massive orgasm and the intense pleasures it gave, she hardly heard Marks groans and only became aware that he too had climaxed when she felt his sticky hot sperm spray into her hands. She coated his cock with his come, using it as a lubricant, milking his spewing cock and adding to his enjoyment, causing more sperm to pump into her hands as she did.

At last, she was spent and hung limply in her cords, breathing hard and fast. Yet every part of her helpless body was tingling as the last few rumbles of the orgasm waned. Mark was spent as well but still held onto her breasts, the last of his sperm dripping onto her fingers.

He pulled away several minutes later, turning off the vibrator before disappearing once more. Grace enjoyed the welcome relief of no further stimulations being applied to her sex. She heard Mark return and he removed the rope from her soaked crotch, but all else was left in place, leaving her still captive to the post and the room. Grace listened to the storm continue, the rain pounding the roof and the thunder booming, using the time to catch her breath while savoring the afterglow of the long awaited and completely enjoyable orgasm she experience.

Several minutes passed before Mark removed her bondage in reverse order. The ropes that pinned her against the column were undone then her legs were freed, leaving her wrists for last, but kept in place along with her gag.

“I think you’ve been properly dealt with, don’t you?” he said with an amused smile on his lips.

Grace smiled as best she could with the tape over her lips and giggled. The sparkle in her eye and the enthusiastic nod confirmed she was dealt with very well, just not as she expected to be. Mark smiled broader and carefully removed the tape from her lips and pulled the cloth from her mouth. Grace realized how welcomed it was to have the gag off, for her mouth was very dry. She also welcomed the drink from the sport bottle.

Reluctantly, Mark untied her wrists from the post and Grace was for the first time in many hours free to move. Only her shoulders were a bit cramped that she was able to work out by moving and stretching a little. Looking at her wrists as she cleaned off her hands, she found the ropes had left impressions in her skin, but nothing that would last more than a few hours, not the angry red and chafed she would have expected from hours of be tied in ropes. Her feet needed a rest, for standing on her heels for so long without moving had tired her out.

“I must admit, that was the most wonderful punishment I ever had.” She said stepping down from the platform, a blissful look on her face.

“I never said it would be unpleasant when dealing with you, for either of us.” He replied.

“How did you know I would, ah, react like I did?” she asked as she buttoned up her blouse.

“A calculated guess.” He replied. “Past experience on my part told me you would.”

They headed out of the turret and back down a flight of steps to the second floor. Here Grace hesitated, looking down the steps to the main level of the home.

“Something wrong?” Mark asked.

“No, but I’m wondering if anyone is down there you don’t want seeing me.”

Mark’s pleasant expression went sour a bit. “Like my wife?” Grace nodded. “No, no one’s there.”

“Now it’s my turn to ask what’s wrong.”

He hesitated for a few seconds. “You might as well know. My wife left me. We’ve been separated for nearly a year now.”

“What?” Grace had no idea that had happened. “Why, what happened?”

“She wanted things I didn’t offer. So she found someone else and decided to be with him rather than me. She filed for divorce a few months later. Should be finalized by fall.”

“Mark, I’m so sorry…”

“Don’t be. The marriage was over for a long time, we just didn’t do anything about it. She made the move we both wanted to do.”

“Why didn’t you tell anyone?”

“I try to keep my personal and professional life separate. No sense bringing my issues to the office and have it hanging over me. Besides, it’s all been for the best.”

“So, why didn’t we, well, do more than we have today?” she asked as they descended the stairs to the main floor.

Mark smiled. “Doing more would be a big step that we both may come to regret. I’m still your boss, and there are rules about that.”

“As you recall, I was the one who was the aggressor here.” She replied. “I was willing to do more than just be your captive for the afternoon, even though it was fantastic.”

“I know, and believe me I will soon regret not going further.” He replied.

“So maybe another other time then?” she replied with a smile.

“You sure want to do this again?” he replied.

“Of course.” She replied. “You’ve got my interest up and I want to find out if you used up all your best tricks in one day, or do you have a long list of things we could do that we would both enjoy as much as I did today.” She said with a seductive smile. “If you’ll have me back.”

“If you’re willing, I’d enjoy having you back.” He replied. “I have a few other ideas we could try. We’ll have to work something out.”

Grace wanted to push the issue, get him to show her more. It was still early and they had plenty of time, but Mark make it clear that playtime was over without saying it. Plus, he wanted to leave her wanting more, so she would have the urge to come back. He drove her back to the office so she could pick up her car. The fierceness of the storm had subsided, now just lightly raining with the occasional flashes of lightening. Grave drove home, replaying the afternoon over in her mind again and again and started dreaming of doing it all again.

An Evening in August

Nearly 5 weeks had passed since Grace first found herself in the 3rd floor room at Mark’s home. For nearly 3 weeks after the first time, nothing happen between the two of them since that amazing afternoon. Grace was beginning to wonder if she had done something wrong, or maybe Mark was reconciling with his estranged wife, or some kind of ethics or guilt had overcome her boss so that he didn’t want Grace to return for another engagement.

He had been professional and all at the office, never letting on or alluding to what happened that stormy day. He seemed happy with her work, especially with Peltz adding to their contract and expanding, adding more revenue to the company. Even when meeting with her in private, he said nothing or asked her about coming back.

But things changed shortly after that. After asking if she had plans, he invited her over one evening after work for what he called a relaxed meeting. Together they prepared a light meal and enjoy a little wine, sipping a small glass after clearing the table. Grace tried to hold her tongue, but soon was hinting about the progress of his renovations. Mark took the hint, but told her the room was unfit for company right now, but he had other ideas.

Before long, they were in his bedroom. Grace was still fully dressed but tightly hogtied in the middle of his bed, a thick cleave gag firmly planted between her teeth. She squirmed hard in her restraints, feeling totally helpless as she contently wormed in her classic bondage stance. Mark did little to her for over an hour, letting her get the full affect of the tight position. Ready for a change, she was tied with her hands above her head and her legs together, then tightly stretched corner to corner of the bed. She could hardly wiggle in her new setup, especially when he opened her blouse and pulled her boobs free and applied a long fondling, followed by firm licking and strong sucking. Before long, her skirt was pulled up and her panties pulled down to her bound knees, with Mark slowly licking on her pussy and clit while playing with her hard nipples. She exploded into a powerful orgasm, screaming into her thick gag as every part of her body rocked and rolled to the sustained and powerful climax. Lying on the bed recovering while enjoying the after affects, she hardly noticed his come splattering onto her legs as he masturbated his cock to orgasm. She still wondered why Mark refused to have intercourse with her, but she accepted that he had his reasons, at least for now, and didn’t question him the next time they played a few days later.

Things were different tonight. Now a few weeks later, this was her first time back to his special room. The floors of the turret had been sanded down, stained and sealed. The walls primed and painted an eggshell white and the original oak window trim applied, finishing off the room. His tools and other construction materials had been cleaned out and moved to the next room to be refurbished. A through cleaning was done, leaving the room dust free and the windows perfectly clear. While no drapes were on the windows or carpets on the floor, the 3rd floor turret room renovations were finished.

Only two items remained in the room, a wooden chair and the platform.

During this period, Mark had also modified his home made bondage platform. He notched out a piece of wood from the top of the post, to which a 2x6 horizontal cross piece could be bolted on if desired, turning the vertical post into a T-shaped upright. Again, all the edges had been rounded off, stained and varnished for a smooth finish. Eyebolts were added at parallel points across the length of the piece.
Presently, the room was only illuminated by several small candles in glass votive holders resting on the floor and the partial moon what was shining soft light in through one of the windows. The bottom sash of each window was open, letting a light breeze blow in to help keep the air fresh and cool.

Sitting in the lone chair in the turret half of the room, Grace had watch the sun set and the day turn to evening. She had little choice where to look, for nearly two hours she was tied to the chair, with her arms tightly bound behind the chair back, her ankles tied to the chair legs, her own legs held wide part by more ropes on her thighs. The remainder of her body was pinned down to the chair with a rope around her waist and another above her chest. A clean hanky had been wedged into her mouth and surgical tape covered her ruby painted lips. Just as the last time she was in this room, she was securely tied and totally helpless.

But unlike the last time she was never alone. Mark stayed with her the entire time, playing with her exposed body, along with adjusting the large electrically power vibrator that was taped to the seat of the chair between her forced open thighs, pressing up against her sex.

She arrived shortly after the work day, and the work week, had ended. Day turned to night as she was subjected to the vibrator, along with Mark’s hands and lips. Once again, he toyed and teased her helpless body, driving her wild with excitement and lust as she ever so slowly built up to a massive, powerful orgasm. Constantly squirming in her restraints, she moaned and groaned as he applied marvelous sexual torments to her fettered body. He was able to keep her on the very edge for what seemed like forever, with his hard rod gripped by Grace’s bound hands, stroking his member as best she could. When he too was close to coming, he went full force with both the vibrator and his hands, playing with her boobs from behind. She cried out in ecstasy when the orgasm finally erupted, powerfully exploding over her entire bound body, sending wave after wave of intense pleasures through her even as his cock blasted a load of hot sperm into her fidgeting hands. It was a fantastic equal to the climax she experience the prior month, maybe even better. But they were not done yet.

She was still dressed as she had been for the last few hours since her arrival, in a black satin garter belt, black seamed stockings, 5” stiletto high heeled pumps and nothing else. Grace resolved that a special night called for special attire to express her willingness. Mark was most appreciative of her choice as she slowly removed her tailored business suit shortly after arriving in the 3rd floor room. He loved to see a woman dressed in sexy lingerie and heels and Grace looked spectacular in her, her curvaceous figure looking so fine and desirable. She looked delicious then entire time she was tied to the chair, and she looked even better now in her new spot.

Presently, Grace was standing on the platform again. This time, her arms were tied to the cross member at the wrist and elbows. Her legs were spread apart, with her ankles tied to the eyebolts strategically placed in the base of the platform. No other ropes were needed or used, for Mark wanted Grace to struggle as much as she wanted. A thick cleave gag was between her clenched teeth, with soft moans and groans passing thought.

She was still enjoying the afterglow of a second amazing orgasm. This time, it was all Mark that made her climax so powerfully, using his hands and mouth on her restrained body, finally using his tongue across her clit and plunged into her pussy while his hands groped and fondled her breasts, ass and the rest of her bound figure. Her second orgasm of the evening was just as enjoyable as her first, the first time she ever had two orgasms in a single night. This was only one of the many firsts she had this night.

As she continued to enjoy her state of bliss, she looked on as Mark removed the last of the clothing. Even in the limited light it was the first time she had set eyes on his naked cock, which had recovered and was fully erect and demanding attention too. Having been told in advance what was going to happen, Grace began to get very excited and wiggled eagerly as Mark joined her on the platform. He moved right between her outstretch legs, his cock coming to rest over her pussy. He slowly rubbed his body against her, both softly moaning as the anticipation grew.

Giving into his own lust, Mark slowly slid his throbbing cock into her warm pussy, burying his manhood deeply into her sex. They groaned intensely, thrilled by the direct connection they were at last making. Mark wrapped his arms around his bound partner, his hands taking hold of her buttocks and began to make long slow strokes into her as he pulled her body onto his.

What an evening for Grace. Already she had her first climax while sitting in a chair, her first orgasm while standings, her first double orgasm and now she was having sex while standing for the very first time, all of which has happened while she was tightly bound and gagged.

Grace thrilled at the amazing intercourse. This wasn’t a lust crazed screwing. He was savoring the sex, making long, deep drives into her, pushing his entire length into her before slowly withdrawing till only his head remained inside before sliding entirely back in. Grace was so hot and so wet they could easily do this for a long, sweet time without fear of drying out or becoming bored. Mark would not stop or pull out till is cock had finished spewing its load of come into her and had gone completely soft.

Grace had no idea where their relationship was heading. For now they agreed they would not consider themselves a couple or expect a relationship to develop. For Grace, she wanted to explore this kinky realm of sex and was willing to be used as his willing partner. She would allow him to do as he wanted with her, show her what he was capable of doing with her and let her experience as much as she desired and could take, within reason of course. She had no illusions that she was some day going to be his next wife or be anything more than a very willing partner in his kinky sex games. Right now, she didn’t care, for she was using him to fulfill her own sexual needs while on this fascinating exploration into this erotic and unusual expression of sex as much as he was, and both were just fine with it.

Grace groaned deeply with each slow and deep thrust he made into her and relished how he pulled her helpless body down onto his rod with each inward plunge, hoping another orgasm was still in store for her tonight, positive she was satisfying his fantasies, already dreaming of the next time she would be invited back to his special room many more times long after this night was over. Who knew what other firsts were in store for her, both tonight and in the times to come, but what happily looked forward to them all.
