---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/packing_game.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: The Packing Game
authors:
- Steff
tags:
- M/f
- machine
- wrap
- plastic
- encase
- gag
- tease
- toys
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2003-08-05 00:00:00
---

I had been working at 4th Plastics for about 2 weeks before I had my
life changed forever by Alan. I had just recently moved to town and 4th
Plastics was looking for a computer programmer to update their system.
I took the job and started working a couple of days later. A few days after
I started, when I was on break, a nice looking guy came into the break
room. He was about 6-foot tall, blond hair and blue eyes. Since I was the
only one in the room he sat down across the table from me.

"Hi. I'm Alan," he said. "You must be the computer programmer that is
finally going to update the computer system. I must say I am not the only
one that is glad you're here."

"I'm Janet. Nice to meet you," I replied.

We sat there for a few minutes making small talk before I had to return
to work. "There are a bunch of use going to a club after work. Do you want
to join us?" Alan asked.

"Sure. What time and where?" I replied.

"The Royal Lounge at 7," he answered.

"I will probably see you there," I said, as I left and went to work.
I worked till about 5 and then I went home to relax before going to the
club. At about 630 I got showered and dressed for the club. I decided that
I would wear a leather mini skirt and small halter-top covered by a transparent
top.

I arrived at the club a few minutes early and Alan was already there.
"Wow. You look good," he said when he saw me. "We're over here."

I followed him over to their table. There were 4 other people, all of
which I had seen at work, but did not know. After introductions we had
a few drinks and dances. I had a good time and as I was leaving I gave
Alan my phone number and told him to call me. Alan told me he would drive
me home, since I had a few too many drinks. He walked me to my place and
I invited him inside for a cup of coffee. After a cup he left.

The next day when I was working near the floor Alan came over and we
talked for a little bit; then he asked me out Saturday. I said yes and
then continued on working. After a few hours I tracked Alan down.

"Can you show me how all the stuff on the floor works? It will help
me understand some of the programming," I asked him.

"I can do that. Follow me," he replied. He showed me all kinds of different
machines. The machines could package and wrap just about anything. Alan
spent about an hour showing me all the different machines. After he was
done he asked, "Was that good for you?"

"It was what I was looking for but I hardly enjoyed it," I replied.

"That's because you haven't thought about how much fun the machines
can really be," he said with an evil grin. "If you want to really find
out then I can show you Saturday."

"What do you have in mind?" I asked.

"We can meet here and after we are done then we can go out to eat and
have a few drinks," he said.

"Now I'm really curious," I told him. "I'll meet you here at noon."

"That sounds good to me," he replied and then left me at my office.

I finished out the rest of the week without anything exciting happening.
When Saturday came around I decided not to dress up since we were meeting
at work. I did however bring a change of clothes for the dining and drinks
later. When I arrived the parking lot was empty except for Alan's car.
He was waiting for me at the door when I walked up.

"Hello," he said. "How are you?"

"I'm good, but I'm also curious about what you are planning here." I
replied.

We walked inside and then into the main control room. He started to
turn on some of the machines. It looked like he knew what he wanted to
do. Once he had the machines turned we walked down to the floor. He quickly
put a mannequin together and stood it up on a conveyer belt. The belt rolled
the mannequin into a machine and then the machine began to hum. The mannequin
came out the other side wrapped completely in plastic wrap.

"What do you think?" he asked.

"What do you want me to say?" I replied.

"Come on I saw the magazines that you keep at your place. I was just
thinking you might enjoy giving this stuff a try," he said.

I could not believe that I left my bondage magazines out and he saw
them. I was really embarrassed but I knew I could not deny that I was kind
of curious about the machine.

"I cannot believe I left them out." I said

"Don't worry about it. I like to play every now and again. So do you
want to give it a try? I promise I will let you out when you ask," he said.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked.

"I could wrap you like you are now or you could strip all the way and
I could wrap you like that. Another possibility is I could show some other
machines that might be just as much fun."

I looked at him and said, "You really are direct aren't you? Let me
see some of the other toys you've got."

He took me to another machine. "This one will fill a box with a liquid
foam that will harden and hold you firmly. That one over there would wrap
you in plastic ties," He told me.

"What do you get out of all this?" I asked

"I get watch you struggle and try to get loose, and if everything goes
good you will work yourself up and let me fuck you, when you are tied up.
Don't worry about the last part. I won't do anything to you that you don't
want me to," he said.

I looked around at the machines. The more I thought about being wrapped
up the more I wanted to try it. Since I have never really been tied up
and Alan seemed like a nice guy I was convinced. "I think I will try out
the plastic wrap," I said as I walked over to the first machine.

I decided to really make his day and strip down to my underwear. Once
I was undressed I climbed onto the conveyer belt and then nodded to him.
He pushed a few buttons and the belt rolled me into the opening in the
machine. I put my arms down to my sides and waited. When the belt stopped
a large roll of plastic was lowered to about shoulder level then a mechanical
arm pulled the plastic and wrapped it around my shoulders. The large roll
began to move slowly in circles around me. Once it made 2 or 3 trips around
me it began to speed up and pull tighter. It didn't take long before I
was completely wrapped tightly in numerous layers of plastic. The roll
was raised and then the conveyer belt rolled me out.

"You look like you are wrapped nice and tight," Alan said. He climbed
onto the conveyer belt, picked me up and laid me down on a large pad. "How
do you feel?"

I wiggled and squirmed but was not able to loosen the plastic much at
all. "This stuff is tight. I can barely move. What are you doing?" I asked
as he slid his finger up the bottom of my foot.

"I am just checking to see if you are ticklish," he said.

He tickled both my feet for a few minutes. He stopped when I had worked
the plastic around my ankle loose enough that he had to work to tickle
me. He then sat on my hips and began to tickle my sides. The plastic prevented
his effort from being very effective, which I was glad because my sides
were very ticklish. He got off and looked down at me like he was kinda
disappointed then he pulled up a chair and watched. It took me almost 30
minutes of struggling before I was able to get out.

I was tired but I said, "That was fun."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it. Next time I will have then machine put more
than 2 layers." He could tell that I was surprised by the little amount
of plastic that was used.

"The wrap I used is a lot stronger than normal plastic wrap you buy
at the store. Next time I might even heat the plastic up. When that happens
the layers shrink a little and melt together. Once they cool off they are
even stronger."

"Let's give it a try," I said eagerly. "This time I will even give you
a really good show." I removed my bra and panties and climbed up on the
conveyer belt.

Alan stood there for a few seconds before he closed his mouth and started
the conveyer belt. "Here we go," he said as the plastic began to wrap me
again. True to his word the plastic wrapped me multiple times. I was not
really sure but I think there were 6 layers of plastic around me. The plastic
roll was lifted and then a large fan began to rotate around me blowing
hot air. I was just starting to get uncomfortably warm when all at once
the plastic began shrink. Before too long I could not move at all because
the plastic was so tight. The fan stopped and then the belt rolled me out.
Alan was there waiting for me.

"Woo I'm impressed. That looks really tight. Are you ok in there?"

I looked down and was impressed. The plastic was smooth and looked like
all the layers had melted into one tight clear cocoon. The plastic was
just a little too tight for my liking but I said, "I am fine."

Alan picked me up and laid me on the blanket again. I struggle and tried
everything I could but this time I was not able to even loosen any of the
plastic. When I took a break from my struggling I noticed a box sitting
on the control panel. Alan saw me looking at it and asked, "Do you want
to try them out?"

"What's in the box? I asked.

Again he asked, "Do you want to try them out?"

I thought it over and realized that I was asking for trouble but said,
"As long they don't hurt I want to try them out."

Alan grinned and set the box down next to me. He removed a ring gag
and held it up in front of my face. I rolled my eyes and opened my mouth.
He put the ring behind my teeth and attached the strap behind my head.
I tried to dislodge the ring but was not able to. He just sat there laughing
at my efforts. "You know you are the first woman that has let me tie them
up. You really look sexy. Now let's really make your life interesting,"
he said as he removed scissors from the box. He cut a hole in the plastic
directly above my crotch. He put the scissors in the box and then began
to play with me. He was not able to do much more then tease me because
the plastic prevented me from spreading my legs. He was able to get me
really excited.

After a few minutes he said, "I think you are ready."

He reached into the box and removed a large vibrator. He lubed it up
and slid it between my legs and slowly slid it into my pussy. Once he had
the vibrator most of the way in he turned it on. The vibrations were really
strong. I could also feel beads moving around through the whole length
of the vibrator. Next Alan picked me up and laid me down on a table. He
pulled up a chair and began to play with my clit. It did not take him long
to figure out just what to do to push me over the edge. My orgasm took
me completely by surprise. Wave after wave of ecstasy hit me. I was in
heaven.

I don't know how long I came for but when I finally relaxed Alan said,
"I am glad you enjoyed that." The vibrations were still going strong as
he rolled me over onto my stomach. "Now it's my turn." Alan said as he
removed his pants and slid his cock into my mouth. Because of the large
ring gag there was nothing I could to stop him. Again I tried to get loose
of my plastic cocoon but was held fast. With Alan fucking my mouth and
the vibrator working my pussy I came a second time. When I recovered I
realized that Alan had pulled most of the way out. He started to fuck me
again. This time he fucked my mouth till he shot his load down into my
mouth. Because of the ring gag and his cock I was not able to swallow.
His cum just ran out around his cock and down my face. He kept his cock
inside my mouth as I was hit by another orgasm. I was so spent that I just
rode this one out and did not even try to fight it.

He rolled me on my side and removed the vibrator. He wiped it off and
put it back in the box. Alan the removed the gag and cleaned it up as I
worked the stiffness out of my jaw and said, "That was really fun."

"I am glad you enjoyed it," he said as he began to cut me out of the
plastic. "Do you still feel like a night on the town?"

"Not tonight I'm really tired. What about tomorrow?" I replied.

"That sounds good to me." He replied.

I got dressed and went home. All I could think about was how much fun
I had being wrapped in tight plastic, and how much fun I will have next
time Alan and I get together.

.
