---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/leather_steel.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Leather & Steel
authors:
- Stephanie_CD
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- corset
- leather
- hood
- cuffs
- fantasy
- cons
- X
date: 2006-07-04 00:00:00
---

Hi -- one of my online names is Stephanie\_CD, and
as you can probably guess, I'm a cross-dresser. Then again, sometimes I'm a
transvestite complete with wig and makeup. Of course, since crossdressing
doesn't come up that often in casual conversation, it's not something that many
people know about. As a matter of fact, bondage and self-bondage seldom come up
in casual conversation either, so few know about THAT side of me, either!
Occasionally, I combine the two activities, and I decided to relate something
from last week in the hopes that others might enjoy it or get some ideas from
it._

_It had been a few days since I'd done anything in the way of
self-bondage (and what seemed like a month since I'd done anything really
stringent) when I ran across an online discussion thread about gloves, and
handcuffs, and getting stuck. After I related my story - the one with the
happier ending than my first time - I found myself flashing back to it over the
next few days. I wanted to do it again, with a few added features, but unlike
the first time I didn't want to get stuck! Once those thoughts start, at least
for me, they're difficult to dispel._

_So, the other day I started making a wardrobe list in my head,
along with the "supplies" that I'd need for my adventure. Finally I
found myself with a few hours of spare time, so I laid out my stuff on the bed
and showered quickly, dried off, and started to get "dressed."_

_I started with a Victoria's Secret thong, followed by a pair
of pantyhose, and then one of my favorite pairs of black leather thigh-high
boots. Yes, I know that seems a bit out of order, but since a heavy, boned
leather corset was to go on next it made perfect sense - I've tried to put on
thigh boots after a corset, and it can be a challenge at the best of times, and
next to impossible at others. (The ones that lace up the front are practically
impossible when I can't bend at the waist!) I laced the black and silver corset
snugly, but not too tightly -- I really only go for the minimum waist that I can
stand if I'm going to be wearing something that requires it. I'd guess that I
stopped at about 26", which is only a four inch restriction, but I still
think it looks good for my 5' 11" frame. I slid in my breast
forms, wiggled the corset as much as I could to adjust everything, stole a look
over my shoulder into the mirror for a view at my back, and smiled at the
results so far._

_I laid out the next few items in the order that I'd be wanting
them, and then double-checked everything. Becoming VERY stuck in the past has
made me a little more cautious about self-bondage! I made sure that the phone
was in easy reach, or would be when I was tied on the bed, and checked to see
that the "low battery" light wasn't on. (Yes, while I know that a
cordless phone won't do me any good in the event that the power goes off,
there's a hard-wired phone just down the hallway. Still, if an emergency did
come up, I wanted to save time if possible.)_

_Next I put on a long, dark blonde wig even though there was
nobody around to see me - at least I hoped nobody would see me! If anyone DID
look through a window in a half hour, they'd probably call the police
immediately. I had two reasons for the wig: I liked the sensations of
"hair" on my shoulders (since mine is short) and believe it or not, it
would actually add to my safety...._

_I put in a pair of soft foam earplugs, and then folded a
bandanna handkerchief up until it was the right shape for a gag - practice made
this step almost second nature - and stuffed it into my mouth. I let it settle
for a few minutes to ensure that it would be comfortable and that I wouldn't
choke on it, and then sealed my mouth with several strips of duct tape. This
probably wasn't necessary, but as I'd had facial hair until very recently, I'd
missed this sensation. It would also keep me from accidentally drooling on my
next item. I pulled on a full leather hood (also black) that laces up the back,
and has a small hasp for a padlock. This hood has no eyeholes, nor mouth
opening, but only two small nostril holes. As I laced it shut, it pulled tightly
across my face - moreso than normal because of the wig. I was glad for this, as
it would eliminate any chance of it sliding around on my face._

_As I started to feed the small padlock into the hasp, and felt
the hair that wasn't mine brushing across my shoulders and back, the fantasies
started. Sometimes I pretend that I'm a girl being kidnapped and dressed for
shipment to some far-off land; on this day I was still myself, being somehow
cajoled and prodded into dressing like this to please an imaginary, fantasy
mistress._

_"Please? For me?" she murmured softly as I clicked
the lock home, though I couldn't hear her clearly because of the earplugs. I sat
on the edge of the bed - well, more like "perched" thanks to the
corset, and reached for my black leather opera gloves. I felt around, trying to
blindly tell the left and right ones apart by feel. I slid the left on, then the
right, luxuriating in the feel of the silk lining against my arms. I ran each
hand across the other arm, smoothing out a few wrinkles, and enjoyed the
feelings through my fingertips, my palms, and my arms themselves._

_"You look wonderful, you know," she announced
conversationally, and I smiled under the hood. The tape pulled on my face gently
but didn't move._

_I slowly reached for the next garment and brought it to my
face. I inhaled deeply as the scent of more leather filled my nostrils._

_Instead of putting it on immediately, I dropped it in my lap._

_"Now this, my pet," she announced as it landed on my
lap. I wondered if I was being ordered? No, she was still being nice, it seemed.
For now, at least...._

_I had to feel for some time through the opera gloves until I
found a sleeve, and then had to feel for a minute or two more to determine WHICH
sleeve. I stood carefully because of what I was wearing -- 5" heels are
pretty much "normal" for me and don't usually affect my balance, but
with no vision, I had to be sure of my steps. I slipped one gloved arm into each
sleeve, and flipped my "hair" out of the way as I pulled the long
black leather dress on. With the zipper just below my knees, I had to pull it up
to where I could reach it, and then fumble slightly to put the two halves
together without sight or much feel. After I got the first foot or two of zipper
together, I let the dress fall and then VERY slowly zipped it up in front of my
thighs._

_"Don't EVEN think about it," she told me as I zipped
past my crotch._

_"Mmph MMMPH!" I replied through my gag. "I'm
not!"_

_I could feel the cool satin lining of the dress pull against
my hips and shuddered slightly. Slowly the zipper climbed, past my waist, over
my moderate cleavage and to the hollow of my throat, ever so gently pulling the
sides of the very fitted dress against me and constricting me within its grip._

_I gently ran my gloved hands over my sleek leather clad torso,
and smoothed out an imaginary wrinkle or two. For the thousandth time, I wished
I had a video camera - I was sure that I was a vision in black leather from head
to toe, with only a tiny triangle of skin showing between the hood's collar and
the zipper of the dress. I certainly looked like a woman now, and I felt
amazingly like one, too. Depending on how I concentrated, I could feel my
fingers caressing someones thigh, or else feel someones fingers slipping over MY
thigh. After a few minutes of this, I let out a muffled sigh and moved my feet,
driving my right stiletto heel firmly into my left arch._

_"Enough!" commanded my imaginary mistress, as she
stepped on my foot. "Hurry up or we'll be late!"_

_"Mmmph? Mmmphmmmph MMMPH?" Late? Late for WHAT?_

_"Oh, just a surprise," she said in a normal tone
through my earplugs, wig and hood. I could barely hear her this time - either
she was moving around the room, or it was just my imagination running wild._

_I reached behind me on the bed, and located by feel and then
pulled on an almost floor length leather coat made of the softest black lambskin
I've felt. Imported from Europe, it was almost certainly custom made to fit a
very tall, very slender lady, and was a steal on Ebay. I slowly buttoned it up
and ran my hands over my front to make sure I hadn't missed any buttons. My hair
fell between the dress and the coat with the high collar folded down, so I
turned the collar up._

_"Where could she be taking me?" I wondered to
myself. Certainly not "out" somewhere, not without makeup - she
wouldn't do that to me, I knew. Then it dawned on me -- a new fetish/goth club
had opened in town. If we were going there, it seemed that I'd be wearing this
hood for a while._

_"One more thing, pet," she announced. "And you
know what THAT is, right?"_

_I nodded, and reached around until I found the handcuffs, and
made sure from the location of the first hinge that the keyhole was indeed
facing out. I slowly ratcheted it shut around my left wrist until it was snug
over the glove, and then found the key and checked to make sure the keyhole WAS
where I thought it was, then double-locked it so that it wouldn't close any
further._

_"Hurry up," she said quietly in my ear._

_"Pfffft!" I thought to myself. "No WAY am I
going to mess THIS up again!" I put the key in the other cuff, made sure it
was facing my fingertips and not my shoulders, and removed the key, placing it
on the bed in front of me. Slowly I pushed until I felt the first
"click," since I couldn't hear it. Ahhhh - there it was. I got a small
funny feeling in the pit of my stomach, not at all unpleasant._

_"Yes, my pet," I heard her say._

_I pushed the cuff closed. Click-click-click-click, I felt
through my fingers, and the feel was electric._

_"Ohhhhhhhh yesssss," she said softly, almost into my
ear. "Now finish!" I turned, found the keys again, and quickly
double-locked the second cuff. I walked across the bedroom and put the keys on
the corner of the dresser. Under different circumstances, I'd have placed the
keys out of reach with some sort of ice timer at the start of the session, and
double-locked the cuffs with a pen. Still, having gagged and hooded myself, I
wanted the keys in easy reach should I need them in a hurry. For now, though,
lost in my fantasy, the keys weren't mine to worry about._

_I stood there for a few moments, unsure of what to do next. I
could go out to the garage and get in the car, or I could lie down on the bed,
or...._

_"Just a moment," my mistress informed me gently.
"I need to do a few things before we can go. Why don't you sit on the bed
for a few minutes?"_

_I blindly walked back to the bed until my legs bumped it, and
turned around. I sat as gracefully as I could, considering the circumstances,
and waited. I perched on the edge of the bed, and when I grew uncomfortable,
shifted a few times. Finally I shifted the cuffs around as best as I could, and
leaned back until I was laying on the bed._

_"What on EARTH is she doing, anyway?" I thought to
myself. I decided to ask, and "mmppphed" a few times._

_I was met with silence, of course._

_I managed to wiggle a little farther onto the bed until I was
completely on it, "mmmmphed" questioningly a few more times, then
sighed and settled back to wait. After perhaps ten minutes, my arms were
becoming uncomfortable from my body's weight on them, so I rolled onto my side
and got a little more comfortable._

_After a while -- I had no way of telling since I wasn't
thinking about it -- the unexpected but certainly welcome happened. I was safely
and comfortably cocooned in a couple of layers of leather, I was warm, I was
laying down with my eyes closed, and I fell asleep!_

_When I woke up an indeterminable time later, there was a ten
second period when I wondered what the hell was going on, followed by an
immediate recall of the events leading up to my current predicament. And in a
moment, my fantasy came flooding back._

_"How long was I asleep? And where DID she go? Why
wouldn't she have woken me up?!" I asked myself._

_"Mmmmph mmmph?" I said into my gag. "MMMMMMPPPH!"_

_I rolled onto my back again, and just enjoyed all the
sensations: the satin lining of the dress sliding over my nylon-clad legs, the
tightness of the dress across my thighs as I tried to roll over the first time,
the firm yet comfortable compression of both the corset and dress, and above
all, the scent of leather. I was having a GREAT time, but what time WAS it? How
long HAD I been asleep?_

_I wriggled back down the bed until my feet were on the floor.
Unfortunately, my dress and coat had ridden up in the process, looking very
unladylike but more importantly letting room temperature air onto my thighs. It
seemed cold, so I managed to stand up so that my dress would fall back down. I
walked over to the dresser, felt for the keys, and got the key in the hole on
the first try!_

_"Well, that's not fair! I wanted a LITTLE
excitement!" I thought to myself. I was having fun, and the time wasn't
really THAT important anyway, I decided. I leaned forward against the dresser to
make sure my back was to the room, had time to think "are you sure?"
and tossed the keys halfway across the room, toward the bed where I was sure
they'd hit the floor. I listened to hear where they landed._

_Of course, the very faint "thump" and subsequent
jingling might not have made it through my hood alone. The earplugs more than
covered the sound. "NOW I'm sure," I thought to myself, and tried not
to laugh._

_I walked back to the bed gingerly, wondering if I'd step on
the keys, and did not._

_I lay back down, smiled under my hood, and began to fantasize
again. My imaginary mistress had come back into the room, and without a word
started to run her hands over the layers of leather. I jumped a little, startled
by her touch. Her hands brushed gently over my booted calves, over my thighs,
over my stomach and chest, over my head, down my arms, back to my thighs, but
not where I wanted her to brush me the most! I thrust my hips back and forth a
few times, but was ignored. This went on for a while, then she lay down next to
me and with her help, I rolled over on top of her. This was a little better, as
she ran her hands over my back and buttocks as I again tried to grind my pelvis
into her, but of course I wasn't getting the stimulation I craved because of the
clothes I was wearing. I squirmed around and thrust my hips for a while, pulled
ineffectually at the handcuffs, and finally made a very awkward and useless
effort to pull the coat and dress up and out of the way._

_"All right, that's enough! And I've changed my mind about
taking you out tonight - we're done. Get undressed and put those things
away." She sounded angry, and rightfully so. I'd acted rather
inappropriately there at the end, after all._

_I sighed, and nodded sadly. I pulled myself off the bed, and
got onto the floor on my knees. Finding the keys with my hands cuffed behind me
and that long coat in the way took about fifteen minutes, I'd guess, but five
minutes later I'd released myself and was smiling after another exciting
adventure._

_stephanie\_cd
