---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/wrongmotelmeeting.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Wrong Motel Meeting
authors:
- James P. Smith
tags:
- M+/m
- F/m
- motel
- cd
- panties
- spandex
- dress
- hood
- collar
- drug
- captive
- bond
- rope
- cuffs
- strappedo
- hogtie
- bdsm
- crop
- electro
- force
- oral
- anal
- denial
- climax
- cons/reluct
- XX
date: 2017-09-24 00:00:00
---

Tonight, I was stepping out of my comfort zone. We have spoken by e-mail several times working out the details of our intimate night. I wanted to be bound and used like a dirty crossdressing whore and he want to experiment with being a dominating lover for the first time. We both agree to wear black spandex hoods to preserve our identities.

We agreed to meet at a motel two miles from my house at 6 P.M. I arrived three hours early. I had butterflies in my stomach and felt dirty as I paid for my room. Once checked in, I walked straight to my room. For sixty dollars, I was pretty impressed with the room's condition. It was clean, provided bare essentials and privacy. I immediately went to work making myself look feminine. I took a quick shower and shaved my entire body.

I slipped into a black bikini lace panties that are design to hide my male member. A black bra made with the breast inserts that gave me an instant "C" cup. Next, I put on a pair of black tights. Follow by a pair of black four inch high heels with a locking straps, a blue knee length tight spandex dress, black spandex hood with open mouth and eye holes, a pair of black opera gloves, and a locking posture collar. Lastly, I finished with my makeup. I was completely dressed fifteen minutes before our expected meeting time. I admire myself in the mirror, caressing my curves and praising my ability to look like a woman.

I looked at the clock and realized that it was 6:15 P.M. "Shit!", Thinking to myself. "Were did the time go and why is my date late?” I waited 15 more minutes on the bed watching TV. I was cursed myself because I knew that this asshole stood me up. All dressed up and no one to play with me. I began to feel tired and decided to change my clothes before going home. Upon standing, I felt light headed and the room began to spin. Before I could sit down, I blacked out.

Upon coming too, I realized I was hunched over the back of a chair. My arms were tied behind my back and pulled up to the ceiling forcing me to bend over the chair. My legs were tied to the chair's legs and my collar was tied to the front of the chair. The more I regained consciousness, I realized that my mouth was gagged in a head harness. I made several attempts to yell for help. The effectiveness of the gag muffled my cries. I looked around and saw no one in the room. Scared for my life, I began to panic and struggle violently against my restraints. I remained in this position for several hours. I watched the sun set. I couldn't understand how I got in this situation. I didn't taking any drugs or drink anything out of the ordinary.

Exhausted and wanting relief, I struggled again. However, this time, I was met with a sharp pain that came across my ass. The pain cause me the buckle at my knees and I cried out in agonizing pain. Meanwhile, a voice told me to shut up and behave or I would receive more spankings. With tears running down my face, I immediately became quiet and stopped struggling. I couldn't see this mystery person. I could only assumed it was my date. He came in front of me wearing a black mask. Without saying anything to me, he remove my gag and shoved his black dick in my mouth. For several minutes he held his cock still in my mouth. I struggled to breathe. When I felt the room go dark, he removed his dick and allowed me to breathe. He repeatedly did this for several minutes. I had to quickly adapt in order to not lose consciousness again. Once he realized that I figured out his pattern, he began pumping his cock in my mouth. Ensuring his cock touched the back of my throat.

This endeavor went on until the sun rose the next morning. At no time did he cum in my mouth. He would stop short of cumming and hold his dick there. I felt so dirty. Before he left me, I was re-gagged and my head hardness was attached to an anchor point holding my head at obey. Before he left, he tied my elbows together and blindfolded me using electrical tape. I cried. The pain, exhaustion and humiliation broke me down to my core. I begged him through my gag to let me down. He said nothing but spanked my ass six times and left. I was mortified and panic stricken. I began fighting my restraints and yelling for someone to help me, but my effort was futile. My restraints did not give.

As the day pressed on, I became dehydrated, my body cramped several times and I had to pee. My pride would not let me pee. By mid-afternoon, I gave up all hope and made no further attempt to struggling anymore and I peed on myself. I was beyond exhausted and in pain. Without warning, I felt a sharp pain come across my ass. I heard the sound of a zipper opening and felt the bottom of my ballgag being removed. He shoved his cock in my mouth and skull fuck me. His dick reached the back of my mouth with forces that he caused me to gag. He came in my mouth, slapped me in the face several times and re-gagged me. I could hear him fix his pants and walk behind me. He than untie the rope which held me to the ceiling. I immediately fell over onto the chair. With no energy to fight, I passed out.

Upon regaining consciousness, I realize that I was laying on the bed with my thighs and knees strapped together with my ankles were free. My hands and arms were still secured behind my back. I was still silenced by the ballgag. I looked over across the room and saw my tormentor sitting in the chair observing me. I stared at him, thinking about the pain and frustration he put me through. Before I could beg for release, he stated that I was free to go. But only as I am. My clothes has been taken to my house. He found my license when he went through my things and realized that I lived two miles down the road. Curious, he took my stuff and visited my house. He was impressed by my accomplishments and thought I was unique person. He continued telling me that the key to my release is at my house. I will have to walked bound and gagged home. I looked at him in disbelief knowing that this asshole did this to me. I yelled at him through my gag requesting for him to re-consider. However, my cries went on deaf ears as he left the room with the door cracked. I looked outside and realized that it was night. Walking to my house would take time but at least the street will be abandoned due to it being a historic farm community.

I mustered up the strength to stand. My legs were sore and weak from the previous episode. I walked slowly to be door and listened for any human sounds. The last thing I wanted was to be discovered by another pervert that could forcefully take advantage of me. My heart was pounding through my chest. My senses were on heightened alert. Time slowed down as I peeked my head out and took my first step into the world as a bound crossdressing slut.

The sounds of my high heels echoed through the motel's corridor. The were no cars exempt mine in the parking lot and the parking area lights were out. To get to my house I had to cross an open parking lot adjacent to the road leading to my house. Fortunately for me, no one was out and the location was in back of the motel off the main road. Without hesitation, I ran as fast as I could to a bush on the other side of the parking lot that concealed me from the road. I waited a couple of minutes for my heart to slow down so I could hear. Despite being sixty degrees, I was sweating uncontrollably. I stood behind the bush for several more minutes. The possibility of being caught scared and aroused me at the same time. My penis was aching from being bent over and hard.

Suddenly, I heard a car enter the parking lot. Not wanting to been seen, I stood still and made no sounds. The car parked in front of the bush I was hiding behind. The feeling of being fucked by these two men in the car washed over my face as they stepped out of their vehicle. They both walked towards my motel room. I over heard one of the guys mention an easy fuck their friend had left in my room. The men opened door went in. Seconds later, they came out yelling. "She couldn't have gone that far." One of the guys said. "We must find the cunt. Spread out!" The other guys started. I turned towards the wood and ran as fast my bound legs in heels could take me. Once at the wood line, I ran in a ditch and continued running in the direction of my house. The sounds of water moving, alerted my pursuers to my location. Before, I could slow down and catch my breath, a pair of hands grabbed me and pulled me out of the ditch. "There you are!", one of the men stated. "It time to have fun with your ass." Both men picked me up and carried me to the car. I tried screaming and fighting, but my current situation prevented that. One of the men opened the trunk, pulled out a roll of duct tape and taped my ankles together and my hands closed. Next, they placed me in the trunk and placed a sack over my head. The next sound I heard was the slamming of the trunk.

The men laughed enjoying their catch and discussing their plans with one another. I screamed, struggled and kicked the walls of the trunk hoping to get someones attention. Several minutes later, the trunk opened and a needle was placed in my arm. Within moments, everything went black.

I awakened from my forced slumber laying face down, tied spread-eagle and ballgagged on a bed, I had been stripped down to my bra, panties and tights. I tested my ropes hoping one of them would break. Unfortunately, my hope was destroyed by reality of being trapped in this compromising position. The room was dark and cold. Based on my other senses, I was bound and gagged in a basement. Not wanting to inform my capture that I was awake, I remained quiet and began I formulating an escape plan. None of of ideas couldn’t get passed the bed. The two men that kidnapped me know exactly what they were doing. Without warning, an electrical pulse went through my ass and penis. The pain was so excruciating that I yelled out in my gag. The pain went on for several minutes.

Afterwards, I heard a males voices across the room laughing at me. Commenting on how a stupid cunt and cum bucket I am. As he beraited me, I struggled against my restrains. Until the next wave of electrical pulse, more intense than the first, tormented my penis and ass. In conjunction, my capturer began whopping my ass, thighs and back with a riding crop. The experience was horrifying. I was beaten to the point of exhaustion which resulted in me peeing on myself for the second time. Upon peeing, my capturer realized this, stopped beating me and left. He returned several minutes later and rubbed alcohol over all my wounds. The pain caused me to black out.

Upon regaining consciousness, I laying down on the floor of a bathroom. I slowly picked myself from the floor and saw a note written on the walk. It read the following.

“You stink Cunt! Take bath and get dressed in the clothing laid out for you. Once you're done, knock on the door three times and wait with your back turned and kneeling on the floor. Failure to obey will result in pain.”

I followed the instructions and got dressed in a pair of pink tights, black long sleeves leotard that covers my neck, black spandex hood with only an open mouth hole and locking high heel ballet shoes. The shoes were difficult to walk-in. I’ve never walked on my toes before. I slowly walked to the door, knocked three times and kneeled with my back turned towards the door. Several minutes later, two men entered the room. They handcuffed my hands and elbows behind my back. Then they applied a locking posture collar around my neck. Next they placed a locking corset two size smaller then the corset I normally wear around my waist. They stood me up, attached a leash to my collar and instructed me to walk. While walking the man whom stood behind me would spank my ass with a riding crop instructing me to walk faster. I struggled to keep pace, but would fall short after a couple of steps. This torment continued until I made it back to my cell.

The men placed my back against a metal pole in the center of the room. They un-cuffed my hands and elbows and re-cuffed them behind the pole. I was now bound to the pole. Next, they locked my ankles to a spreader bar that was locked in behind the pole. Lastly, they took and belt and secured my waist to the bar. I was bound, gagged, and forced to stand in ballet shoes with my feet spread apart. My hands and arms were going numb and feet were starting to hurt. Before the men left, one of them blindfolded and punched me in my crotch. I screamed out and cried through my gag. For several hours I was left in this position. I could only move an inch, even displace the weight between my feet.

Suddenly, I felt the soft hands of a woman caressed my body. She rubbed my chest and cock making me aroused. I felt her kneel down before me, remove my cock from my tights and leotard and began sucking my dick. My body shook as the sexual tension of a soft and wet mouth sucked on my gentle and very sensitive penis. With minutes I came for the first time in several days in her mouth. Without saying a word she placed my cock back in tights under my leotard. For several minutes, I stood still with my body fully relaxed from the release of sexual tension. While I savored this short lived moment. My new capturer un-cuffed my ankles, arms and hands. I immediately fell to the floor. She pulled on my leash and instructed me to crawl. I complied and crawled several feet to a bench were she had me lay down on my stomach with my feet straddling both sides. I dare not to move or muffle a sound as she handcuffed my hands and ankles to each corner of the bench. She then tied some rope through the harness and secured it behind me, forcing my head into an elevated position. She moved to the front of me, removed the lower part of my ballgag and shoved her pussy in my mouth. Without instruction I licked until I felt her explode in her climax and continued licking. Eventually, she removed her pussy from my mouth and re-gagged me. Before leaving, she spanked my ass several times and left. I remained bound, gagged and blindfold on the bench. Compare to previous bondages, I didn’t struggle or make any attempts to scream through my gag. I basically went to sleep.

The cold feeling of lubrication awoke me from my sleep. My leotard has be ripped open and my tights were pulled down just below my ass checks. The person applying the lubrication stuck his fingers in my ass. I tried to remain as relaxed in my ass possible, knowing that resisting will hurt. Shortly afterwards, his finger was replaced with his penis. He pushed his penis slowly into my ass. I relaxed and accepted his male girth. Upon entering me, he began to pumping slowing and apply more lubrication. I didn’t want to enjoy the thick sensation of his cock in my ass, but way he fucked me in a gentle manner and my response displayed otherwise.

He fucked me for several hours. While I laid bound, gagged, blindfold, and bent over the bench. His strokes were long, soft and meaningful. At no time did his action hurt my ass, but only gave me sensational pleasure. As he stroked in and out my tight ass. I began to get lost in the poetic man handling of my ass. I ejaculated several times through the ordeal. Each ejaculation more intense and better than the last. When I thought my body couldn’t take anymore, he pushed me to a whole new level of ecstasy by taking a vibrator and pushing on my penis. I exploded over the vibrator and his hand. He took his cum hand wiped it over my face. Several minutes later, he ejaculate in me and collapsed on my back. The smell and felling of this type of man on my back, drove me to hump against his semi-soft penis still inside me. Before I could get any ground, he pulled out of me. I whined and shook my ass encouraging him to continue. I felt a pinch in my ass and blacked out.

I regained consciousness bound and gagged on the same motel’s bed where this all started. I was bound in the same clothes and manner just before I was captured. In the corner of the room was a man dressed including the mask. He thanked me for a wonderful time and said he will see me soon. He warned me not call the police. His family is very rich and power. Despite being missing for four days, no one, not even my job have been looking for me. They were all paid off and/or threaten. He gave me an ultimatum. Go home bound as I am or disappear forever by calling the police. He walked over to me helped me to my feet and told me to start walking. I was hesitated to walk outside because it was still light out. The man pulled out a riding crop and proceeded to strike me with it on my ass. I walked outside humiliated by the number of eyes watching me in this predicament. To my surprise no one was outside. He continued to spank me until we crossed the parking and entered the woods. Once there he left me bound, gagged and by myself. It took me several hours to find the main road that lead to my home. To kept from being seen, I stayed within the woods and followed the road. Cars would pass on several occasions causing me stop and hide deeper into the woods. Eventually, I made it to my house and snuck in though the back door with a spare key I keep in a hidden spot.

Once I entered my house, I found note on the kitchen table stating that my key for release have been frozen in a one gallon milk jug in the freezer. I walked over and open the freezer to find the jug as stated. I pulled the jug out of the freezer and placed it in the sink. I turned on the water, went up stairs, laid on the bed and fell asleep. When I woke up, I looked outside and saw that it was dark. I travelled down stairs to the kitchen to check on the jug. It was completely dark and I could barely see five feet in front of me. I slowly walked to kitchen’s sink, reached down to check the jug and noticed that it was gone. Look around frantically and double checked the sink and freezer. The jug of water was no were in sight. Before I could go to my junk drawer and grab the scissors, a pair of hands grabbed me from behind, threw me on the floor and tied my ankles and wrists into a hogtie. The individual laughed at me and stated that my time wasn’t up. Before I could make out his face, he blindfolded me with duct tape. I was left on the floor struggling and screaming through my gag. My intruder walked around the house as if knew where everything was. He cooked himself food, took a shower, and watched TV while I remained bound and gagged.

Once he was done having his way around my house, he sat down to where my head was straddling between his legs. I could smell the sweat and body oder between his legs. He removed my gag and shoved his cock in my mouth. I choked and gagged on his massive dick as he continuously skull fucked my mouth. To make matters worst, he would hold my nose making it hard for me to breathe. Once he was finished with my mouth he untied my ankles. He then proceed to left my dress up and pull down my tights and panties. Next, he spread my ass cheeks, licked my ass hole multiple times and shoved his cock in me. The pain paralyzed my body and tears began running down my face. The sounds of two male adult’s slapping skin echoed throughout my house. The fuck fest he endured on me felt like an eternity. After he exploded in me, he got dressed, and left the house.

I was left on the ground bound, gagged, blindfolded and partly nude. Instead of falling asleep from exhaustion, I struggled to my feet, walked into the kitchen pulled a knife from my drawer and cut the ropes binding my legs. Next, I walked over into the garage, found my bolt cutters and broke my handcuffs. Once my hands were free, shimming the elbow tie off, I cut my ball gag off, removed the blindfold and went to the bathroom and to release human waste. While sitting in the bathroom, I reflected upon my adventures. My body was sore, bruised, exhausted. I stood up and looked in the mirror. Unbelievably, I smiled at myself because in the end, I had an great time. Later that day, I took a bath, went to sleep for a very long time.
