---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Evil Step Sister
authors:
- Hershel Shaeffer
tags:
- Sbm
- FMM/m
- fem
- bondage
- anal
- nc/reluct
- XX
date: 2003-06-22 00:00:00
---

Evil Step Sister -
Part I
by Hershel Shaeffer
Evil Step Sister by Hershel Schaeffer

My name is Sean.  When I was sixteen we lived in a middle class
home in a small town in Indiana.  There are five of us my mother,
my step-father, my 20 year old sister Sara, my 17 year old step sister
Darcy and of course myself.  Yes, my stepfather was an asshole. 
My Mom was nice enough.  Sara attends the community college. 
She was very sweet, absolutely gorgeous, and was one of the most popular
girls in high school.  Her senior year she was even selected the homecoming
queen.  Darcy on the other hand was a freaky nasty bitch on her best
day.  It gave her great pleasure to make me as miserable as possible. 
She was tall, even a little taller than me at 5’9”.  She wasn’t unattractive. 
It was just really hard to tell, because her style was so freakish. 
She would always dress in black accessorize with studded leather collars
and bracelets, dark make-up and nail polish, an array of piercings and
an assortment black wigs of varying lengths.  A whole morbid-punk-goth
sort of thing that fits right in with the group of freaks she hung out
with.  At home or at school we generally just tried to avoid each
other.

One afternoon I was in the utility room feeding the dog when I noticed
something shiny, black and lacey lying in a pile of Sara’s dirty clothes. 
Curiously I picked up the items.  It was a Victoria’s Secret garter
belt and a pair of thong panties.  Almost instantly I had a physical
reaction.  Then for just a brief moment I pictured Sara wearing them. 
Quickly I dropped them back where I found them.

The next few days or maybe it was even a week or more I was obsessed
with thoughts of Victoria’s Secret intimates.  I visited their website
repeatedly to gaze on the models wearing lacey thongs, garters and bras. 
By chance I came across some picture on the web of women bound tightly
in their intimates.  And this was even more compelling for me. 
I became increasingly frustrated with having no suitable way to act on
these desires.  One afternoon I slipped into Sara’s room just to see
and touch her underwear again.  Without much thought I slipped on
the bra, thong, and garter belt.  It was quite thrilling.  But,
it wasn’t quite enough. Lying in bed that night it hit me, if I were to
tie myself-up that might just be the thing to satisfy my desire.

At lunch hour the next day at school I skipped out so I could have the
house to myself for several hours.  When I got home I undressed in
my room and walked quickly down the hall to Darcy’s room.  After a
quick search on her dresser I found her handcuffs and key.  Then I
went to Sara’s room.  As I closed the door behind me I felt the feeling
excitement rush through my body.  Quickly, I found the Victoria’s
Secret lace bra, thong and garter belt.  I grabbed a pair of black
stockings too.  Carefully I laid the items on her bed.  I opened
her closet and picked-up a pair of 4” black pumps.  However, something
still seemed to be lacking.  I scanned through the closet again finding
a knee length black skirt and a pink silk blouse.

I was almost shaking from the excitement as I began to dress. 
First I slid on the thong.  I could feel my erection throbbing in
the restraint.  The silk and lace garter belt was next.  Then
I slid my arms through the straps of the bra.  After several clumsy
tries I finally hooked the bra in back.  I noticed immediately how
it gripped my body as I moved.  Sitting on the edge of the bed I slid
the stockings onto each leg.  I stood and snapped the garters onto
the stockings.  The stockings felt very delicate and smooth against
my skin.  The pumps were a little bit small.  After struggling
for a few minutes I finally squeezed my feet into them.  I quickly
realized it would be very difficult to walk in high heels.  For a
moment I stared at myself in the mirror.  On my slender body the clothing
made me look very feminine.  These must be Sara’s ‘screw me’ underwear,
because that’s what they seemed say.  Finally, I slid on the smooth
shiny pink blouse and the black knee length skirt.  As I zipped and
buttoned the skirt in the back the silky lining brushed against my stocking
covered thighs making me feel soft and delicate.

Not having done any bondage before I thought for a few seconds about
what to do next.  Awkwardly, I walked over to the dresser where I
grabbed a knee sock from the drawer.  Then I placed the key to cuffs
on the dresser.  I walked back over to the bed where I tied the sock
around my ankles.  Pulling my legs onto the bed I rolled onto my stomach. 
I didn’t want to get Sara’s clothes dirty so the bed would be the best
place.  Quickly I snapped one cuff onto my left wrist.  With
the rush of excitement building rapidly I snapped the other cuff into place. 
Suddenly, I was trapped.  The feeling of excitement was unbelievable. 
All the different textures and sensations flooded my senses: the lacey
intimates gripping my body, the smooth delicate stockings against my legs,
the cold steel cuffs holding my wrist firmly, the silky blouse against
my skin, my face smashed into the pillow, and my ankles securely bond. 
Each movement, each test, each struggle brought a new sensation. 
I could feel my erection throbbing, pounding, and struggling to escape
its lace, silk and spandex prison.  For a moment my mind slipped into
fantasy, I was a damsel in distress struggling to free her self. 
My mind drifted back and forth between fantasy and sensation as I struggled
against my bonds.

I was shocked back into the real world when I heard a key turn in the
front door.  I froze for a second then quickly sat up on the edge
of the bed.  I got my bearings and visually located the key then I
listened intently to discover who was home.  It was Darcy and two
of her friends, Lonnie and Kim.  Kim was very cute inspite of her
freaky wardrobe.   And Lonnie was very strange.  They must
have skipped out early from school as well.  After knocking around
in the kitchen for a while they settled into Darcy’s room.  I could
hear their voices, but couldn’t make out what they were saying.  I
just sat quietly on the edge of the bed.  Shortly the strong smell
of pot crept into Sara’s room.  They were definitely getting stoned. 
After a few more minutes they turned on Darcy’s stereo, so I decided to
retrieve the handcuff keys.  However, this being my first time in
self-bondage I had no experience to guide me.  Slowly and cautiously
I stood.  I don’t know why.  Maybe I thought I could access the
situation better from a standing position.  Standing in 4” pumps with
ankles bound and wrists handcuffed I thought about what would be the best
way to reach the keys.  As I thought I lost my balance ever so slightly,
but what I didn’t realize is how important your arms are in balancing. 
Sadly, I did not even recognize that I was in a critical situation. 
One moment I calmly sensed the slightest loss of balance.  In the
next moment I was falling out of control hitting the side of the bed before
crashing bodily to the floor.  As I hit the floor it was as if someone
flipped the light switch quickly off then back on.  I was stunned
and completely disoriented.

The next thing I remember was Darcy and her friends standing over me. 
I looked up at Darcy; she had a great big smile on her face.  It struck
me as odd because I had never seen her smile like that before.  She
turned and left the room as Lonnie and Kim just stared at me with blank
faces.  Darcy returned with the video recorder and handed it Lonnie. 
“Time to make a home movie”, she said.  Lonnie started filming.
Darcy knelt down next to me and put her face just a few inches from
mine.  “So little brother wants to be a Prom Queen. Isn’t that special”,
she said in a disapproving tone.

“He’s so pretty,” Kim interjected.  Lonnie just chattered continuously
narrating every detail to the recorder.

“Well, I always wanted another sister, but not another Prom Queen slut. 
If you wanted to know how to be a woman all you had to was ask.  What
are sisters for anyway?  Kim and I will be glad show you how. 
Right Kim?”

“Oh yeah, he’s so pretty.”

“ I see you like the bondage.  Lonnie here is something of a bondage
expert.  I am sure he would be glad to show you the ropes.  What
do you think Lonnie, do have some free time for a bondage game today.

“I think I could squeeze a game into my busy schedule”, he replied.

“So the question is do you want to come play with your Big Sis? 
Well?  Don’t be shy, speak up.”

“No, that’s O.K.”, I said meekly.

“See Sis, we have a little dilemma.  I’m just not feeling the love
here. Now I was hoping you would jump at the chance to spend some quality
time with your Big Sis.  I must say I would be deeply hurt if you
choose not to join us for some fun.  And you know how vindictive I
can be when my feelings have been hurt.  In a moment of anger I just
might show our little video to your friends and neighbors.  Now, that
might be embarrassing.   Well, what do you say?  Will you
be our toy for the day?”

Reluctantly I agreed to do whatever to keep the video secret.

Darcy untied my ankles and grabbed the handcuff keys.  “Alright,
let’s go to Lonnie’s.”  On the way out of the house Darcy stopped
in her room and grabbed a duffel bag.  I was stilled a little dazed
and didn’t yet know what to think or feel.  We left the house with
me still dressed as I was and handcuffed.  Darcy helped me walk to
the car as Kim teasingly lifted my skirt each chance she got.  Kim
and I sat in the backseat.  Darcy drove, while Lonnie filmed from
the front seat.  On the drive over to Lonnie’s house Kim was constantly
sticking her hand up my skirt and rubbing the inside of my thighs and rubbing
my erection through the lacey thong.  I was getting very stimulated. 
I nearly came a couple of times, but Kim stopped each time I moaned. 
Lonnie had a strange situation.  His house was a little ways out in
the country.  His parents had moved to an apartment and left him to
live alone in the house separated from the general population.  His
unofficial nickname since grade school was ‘Psycho’.

Kim led me over to the couch where I sat down.  She pushed be back
and knelt straddling my hips and legs.  Putting her hands to the sides
of my faced she began to kiss me.  Naturally, I kissed her back.  
Shortly we were engrossed in long deep French kissing.  Abruptly we
were interrupted as Darcy pulled Kim’s head back by her hair and said,
“alright that’s enough lover girl.”  Darcy handed Kim a shiny black
wig from her duffel bag.  “Make yourself useful,” she said to Kim. 
She fitted the wig onto my head and gently straightened the shoulder length
wig with her fingers.  Lonnie then handed her a trainer gag with a
bright red ball.  “Open up sweetie,” Kim asked me kindly.  As
she fitted the ball into my mouth and adjusted all the straps it felt quite
exciting having a hot girl giving me so much attention.  When I looked
into her big brown eyes I felt completely at ease with my predicament. 
She gave me a quick kiss on the forehead then got up.  Darcy and Kim
were whispering to each other near the front door.  Darcy handed Kim
the car keys.  She giggled then left without another word.

It took a few moments for the realization to set in that I was now alone
with Darcy and Psycho.  My spirits sank immediately.  My attitude
became suddenly very apprehensive and fearful.  “Did you call AD,”
Darcy asked.  “He is on his way,” Lonnie replied.  Now I wasn’t
just apprehensive I was terrified.  AD was the craziest person in
our school.  He was short and extremely muscular and powerful. 
He was crazy, very aggressive and there was nothing anyone could do about
it.  He inspired fear in most everyone, because he truly was crazy. 
Everyone that is except for Darcy, inexplicably she could control him somewhat.

Darcy grabbed me under the arm saying, “come on Prom Queen school is
now in session.”  She lead me into what was once a dining room, but
was now a bondage playroom.  I was still struggling to walk in the
pumps.  The video recorder was set up on a tripod in the corner. 
Darcy led me to a spot near the middle of the room in direct line with
the camera.  Scattered about the room were all sorts of bondage and
discipline equipment. The wall I was facing was completely covered in mirrors
and I saw myself for the first time in the wig.  It was straight shiny
and black.  Contrasted with the bright red ball in my mouth it was
oddly quite sexy.  “Kim was right, your brother does look  ‘pretty’,”
Lonnie stated.  Again I looked in the mirror and at first glance didn’t
even recognize myself, but saw a strange girl looking back.  Darcy
removed the handcuff from my wrist and demanded I remove the blouse. 
“Lon, he ain’t my brother, she is my new sister in training,” she said
in an irritated tone.  “Get over her and tie her up.”

Lonnie waited for me to remove the pink blouse then started to bind
my wrists.  He bound them in white nylon rope snug but not too tight. 
After my wrists were secured palms facing each other he bound my arms just
above the elbows, when he was finished my elbows were nearly touching. 
Bound as I was my chest stuck out proudly, displaying the lacey push up
bra I was wearing.  He then unbuttoned and unzipped the skirt and
slid it down my legs.  Even in my situation the silk lining rubbing
against the stockings sent chills through my body.  Tapping each leg
I stepped out of the skirt for him.  I saw myself standing partially
bound in Sara’s sexy underwear.  I thought, had it not been for these
cursed intimates I would not be in this situation.  In the corner
of the room I noticed that Darcy had removed all her clothing except for
a pair of black cotton panties and a black cotton bra.  To my amazement
Darcy had a hot body.  Who knew hidden underneath all that freaky
clothing was such a sexy slender body.  She noticed me staring and
casually walked over to where I was standing.  She put here hands
on my shoulders and looked me in the eyes, “what in the hell are you staring
at?”  Without any warning she slammed her knee into my groin. 
I collapsed in agony to the floor.  I felt sick to my stomach. 
She stood over me as I writhed on the floor.  “Don’t stare at me you
little bitch.  We’re going to have to teach the little Prom Queen
some humility.”

In a manner that seemed completely natural, Lonnie stood me up, spread
my legs, strapped on ankle cuffs and attached a spreader bar.  Then
he strapped a collar around my neck and with a rope through the D-ring
tied my neck to the spreader bar.  As I my head cleared I heard a
ratchet clicking as my arms were slowly being raised.  My arms were
pulled tight over my shoulders.  Then from the D-ring on top of the
harness gag he tied my head back so all I could do was look directly forward. 
My God, I was totally immobile!  I couldn’t move any part of my body! 
I saw myself in the mirror feet spread wide, bent at the waist, arms unmercifully
pulled towards the ceiling, my neck strapped tightly to the spreader bar,
and my head tied back so my face looked directly into the mirror. 
Suddenly, I felt very nervous my body tried to flee, but couldn’t. 
As my body coursed with fear and adrenaline Darcy and Lonnie sat casually
dressed only in their underwear on the floor directly in front of me. 
Darcy fired up a joint.  They completely ignored me as they slowly
smoked the joint.

As they continued to smoke the joint in silence, my body began to calm
as I recognized the futility of my struggles. With the adrenaline fading
I noticed all the little annoying pains I was feeling: my feet and ankles
hurt from the angle I had to stand in the pumps, my jaw ached, my wrists
hurt from the strain of supporting my body, and my shoulders and neck ached
from the strain of the tight bondage pulling in different directions.  
All I could do was stare directly ahead, completely immobile, no control
over my own fate.  I felt helpless.  Again I looked in the mirror,
bound tightly in lacey intimates, stockings, glistening black pumps, and
a face framed in long shiny black hair, she sure looked sexy and helpless,
but she was me.

When they had finished smoking the joint Darcy and Lonnie looked at
each other and laughed and laughed.  They continued to laugh for sometime
slowly calming themselves.  They both stood.  Darcy grabbed Lonnie
and gave him a passionate kiss, then just as suddenly pushed him away. 
They both found some leather straps and stood in front of me.  “Its
time for a lesson in humility and submission Sis.  A girl has to know
her place.  We need to get that prom queen attitude out of your system
before its too late.  It would be just awful if you turned out like
that little slut Sara.  Lucky for you I know just what to do.”

Standing on opposite side of me they brought their leather straps across
my bare ass.  They were totally absorbed in who could create the loudest
crack as the strap struck my ass.  With each painful crack I let out
a quiet mmpph, trying to hide the pain, because as tightly bound as I was
I had no recourse to avoid their assault.  Then their interest changed,
they were now competing to see who could cause me to cry out the loudest. 
They began to target the more soft and sensitive areas near my posterior. 
As they began to strike the flesh just under my cheeks and the inside of
my thighs I began to cry out louder as each swing was executed with more
effort and focus.  “Is she crying yet,” Lonnie queried?  Darcy
walked over and looked into my face. I know she saw my pain because she
gave me a sly little grin, “No tears yet.”   They must have been
too exhausted to continue I could hear them breathing heavily as they left
the room.  I was alone with my pain and my own mental exhaustion. 
The back of my legs, inner thighs and bottom felt as if they were on fire. 
They were throbbing and burning.  After the trauma my body and mind
relaxed for a moment in helpless resignation.

Suddenly the door was thrown open and I heard I loud howl.  Forgetting
for a second my predicament I tried to turn to look, but I could only experience
the rush of blood through my bound body as my heart beat faster from the
surprise.  The door slammed shut.  I didn’t need to see who it
was.  Only one person howls like that, AD.  All three came into
the bondage room.

“AD we have a surprise for you.  Guess who has agreed to be our
bondage playmate today?”  Darcy asked.
AD looked me over from back to front as Darcy sat on the floor just
to my left.  “You think she’s sexy in her ‘fuck me’ wear?”

“Sure, she’s sexy enough to fuck.  I’ll fuck that shit, but I don’t
know that bitch.”

“You don’t know her ‘cause she a he.  It's her fuckin’ brother,
Sean.”  Lonnie stated proudly.

“I told you, you fuckin’ asshole, she ain’t my brother, she’s my sister
in training.”

AD let another loud howl.

Darcy whispered in my ear, “Now well find out who the bitch is Prom
Queen.”  It was obvious now.  All her anger at and jealousy of
Sara was being directed at me.  Sure we had a certain animosity between
the two of use, but not this deep dark hatred.  I was becoming quite
scared again.

“Come show her why we call you AD,” Darcy demanded.  Already stripped
to his boxers AD held his two fists directly in front of my face. 
There was a letter tattooed on each of his four knuckles.   “Get
it!” Darcy exclaimed as she stared at me with an evil grin.  As terror
spread across my face Darcy noticed and began to laugh saying, “She gets
it!”  I got it.  The letters spelled out ANAL DOGG.

“Come on AD take off those boxers so she can see that monster.” Darcy
demanded.  With a quick howl he stripped down.  The shock was
obvious in my face.  It was a monster, not in length, but its girth
was tremendous at least twice the girth of any I had seen even on the net. 
In abject fear my mind demanded my body run. My breathing became rapid
as I exerted every once of energy I had.  Darcy, again, laughed as
she saw the expression on my face.

“Lon toss me that lube,” AD demanded as he walked around behind me. 
He pulled the thong strap to the side and playfully tapped my bright red
checks like a drum.  One long loud howl followed, and then he spread
my cheeks with his hands and cautiously tested the entrance with his massive
erection.  He pulled back and with his fingers spread lube generously
inside my hole.  Again, he spread my cheeks and with more authority
tried to gain entry to my hole.  The pressure was tremendous, but
he didn’t make any progress and pulled back.  “This is one tight little
bitch,” he announced.  Again with his fingers he spread lube generously
and thoroughly in and outside of my hole.  I could feel his focus
was much more intense as again he tried to gain entry.  My hole gave
just a little under the pressure, but he pulled back again and applied
even more lube.  Using his hand to support to his erection this time
he tried brute force.

Slowly, very slowly I could feel my hole opening wider.  He kept
up the relentless pressure.  My expression must have begun to change,
as Darcy’s smile seemed to grow as my hole began to spread open due to
the force.  In a moment it was over, my hole quickly opened. 
It felt like I was being ripped apart.  My eyes pooped wide open as
he slowly pushed his way completely inside me.  When she saw my eyes
widen Darcy began to whisper again in my ear.  “How does that feel
you little virgin bitch?  You’re ‘my’ bitch now.”

At first he pushed slowly all the way in and back out slowly. 
With each push forward I gave a quiet mmpph.  Lonnie fired-up another
joint and sat to the right of Darcy just out of my view.  The joint
was passed among the three of them as AD slowly and methodically pumped
away resting one hand on the small of my back.  I could only look
straight ahead, mmpphing softly with each push.  Most of the pain
slowly faded as I began to adjust to the rhythm.  I tried not to notice
myself in the mirror by keeping my eyes closed.  I tried not thinking
about my situation.  AD kept slowly pumping away for 15 minutes or
more as they finished the first joint and then another.

After the second joint was finished the mood became serious again. 
AD’s hands slipped down to my thighs pumping harder and pulling him self
in as deep as possible with each stroke.  As he pumped harder my mmpph
became louder and more noticeable.  It did not escape Darcy’s attention. 
“Why you little slut you have just been enjoying the hell out of your fuck. 
You didn’t think Big Sis would notice?  I guess we can’t call you
little brother anymore, now that you are just a horny little slut.”

AD was pounding progressively harder with each stroke.  His grip
tightened on my thighs pulling back hard enough to match the strength of
each thrust.  I could feel his thighs and sack slapping against my
ass as he slammed into me each time.  His force was so powerful that
I began moan softly with each thrust.

No longer whispering Darcy continued to speak into my ear.  “Listen
to the little slut moan with pleasure.  She loves to fuck.  You
are my little bitch, my little bitch that loves to be fucked in the ass. 
You can’t deny it.  We have it all on video, you moaning with pleasure. 
Yes, you will always be my personal little bitch.  Don’t ever even
consider thinking like a man again.  I won’t allow it.  You are
my little Sis and personal bitch.  Then in a loud hateful tone she
demanded, “ Tell me, who’s the fuckin’ bitch!  Who’s the fuckin’ bitch,
you little whore!”  Almost screaming she demanded, “WHO’S THE FUCKIN’
BITCH NOW!!!”  Tears started to flow from my eyes.  Darcy noticed
immediately and announced in a most hateful tone, “Look, the little whore
is crying.”  My tears only seemed to excite AD. He continued to screw
me with power and depth on each thrust, but now he started to pump faster
and faster.  My moans became more frequent and audible as the tears
continued to flow.

Darcy continued with her verbal assault.  All her statements were
now loud, demanding, and hateful. “Look in the mirror.  Look at you
just fuckin’ away.  Look at you, all dressed up in your little Prom
Queen ‘fuck me’ underwear.  You did that.  You wanted to be a
woman.  You wanted to be fucked.  You wanted to be a fuckin’
damsel in distress.  You started all this.  You agreed to everything. 
Never did you ask to be released.  Stop feeling sorry for yourself
you horny little bitch.”  She slapped me hard across my face.

My eyes flew open. I did, as she demanded.  I looked in the mirror. 
Dressed in sexy intimates, I chose to do that.  Did I really want
to be a woman? Did I want to be fucked? Did I want to be a damsel in distress? 
Never did I demand to be released.  Looking in the mirror, there I
was, standing in shiny leather pumps wearing silky stockings, a sexy garter
belt, a lacey thong, and a push-up bra all of my own doing.  Completely
confused and disoriented by the physical and emotional stress of the past
few hours and Darcy’s psychological attacks, I didn’t know what to think. 
I wasn’t even sure who I was anymore.

In that moment I didn’t matter, I was only aware that I was being fucked. 
AD’s thrusting became increasingly faster and more violent; my moaning
was loud and relaxed in perfect unison with his every thrust.  His
strong hands and muscular arms only increased the power of his thrust as
he repeatedly pulled and slammed his body into mine. Faster and faster
he pounded away.  I stared blankly ahead moaning to each thrust. My
entire body and mind were being fucked.  Faster and harder he continued
to pound away.  I moaned completely unrestrained with each powerful
thrust.  The tension between almost unbearable.  Suddenly I felt
him explode inside me.  His thrusting became slower, powerful and
deep.  I began to moan deep and soft.  He paused with one final
thrust and I felt him spasm several times inside me.  Then he pulled
out slowly.  With a loud howl and a slap on the ass, it was over.

End Part I
