---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Kelli
authors:
- Robert Deane
tags:
- n-a
---

(story continues from [**Kelli**](kelli234.html))

\*
**Chapter
7 of the "Kelli" Series**
a
continuing story by Robert Deane of DeaneProductions

As David remembered, it had taken a while for
the grogginess to clear from his head. When he first began to awaken, as
an almost natural instinct he had tried to stretch his arms and legs. But
that had not been possible, his legs unable to move and a throbbing ache
in his arms. The next attempt, in quick succession, was to open his eyes.
Again, David had not found success. Then he tried speech, but also found
it was blocked, unable to close his mouth or even open it wider, to make
any intelligible sounds.

Had David, at that moment, been able to see himself,
what he would have seen would have surprised, and possibly even shocked
him. He was laying on the king size bed of his bedroom, naked.

The ache he had begun to feel in his arms had
been caused by the weight of his body, his torso, as it pressed down on
his arms. He had been unable to move his arms because of a tight---very
tight---rope wrapped around his wrists that held them togther, palm to
palm. Another rope had been tied across his elbows, then cinched tight,
that pulled his arms and elbows towards each other. Not touching, but so
close that David had unwillingly been forced to arch his body upward.

As the fog had continued to lift from his mind,
David had realized that movement of his arms was not something that was
even remotely possible.

Maybe his legs, he had thought, in his semi-confused
state of mind. But that possibility had come to a quick end, as David pulled,
tugged, on his legs, also without success. Again had he been able to view
his body on the bed, he would have seen that rope had been fastened, again
very tightly, almost cruelly, around David's ankles, with his legs spread
wide apart, the other end of each end tied to the baseboard of the bed.
No, that was another impossible option.

But why could he not talk, not speak, nor even
close his mouth? Had David seen the reflection of his body in the mirror
on the ceiling above the bed, he would have discovered that his mouth was
filled with an O-ring gag---a round, metal loop, covered in leather, forced
inside his mouth and then kept in place by leather straps fastened at the
nape of his neck. The ring was large enough that it had forced David to
keep his mouth wide open. David could neither close his mouth nor open
it wider. As the seconds had ticked by, the ache in his jaw began to set
in.

His eyes, his sight, had also been completely
restricted, by a leather blindfold pressed against his eyes and strapped
tight against his face by leather straps fastened behind his head. The
tightness that he finally felt around his neck, which had kept his chin
raised, he would later discover to be a wide, black-leather posture collar.

How David got there, whatever had happened, was
not up until that moment something that he had either desired or experienced.
The cruetly of the position had begun to set in, along with the ache in
his arms and his jaw. One thing David was able to do was shake his head
and make unintellible sounds. He did both, quickly and loudly.
NNNGGGMMMMMMMGGNNHHHMMMNNNUUUUU

Up until that moment, that was the only sound
that David had heard in the room. But it had been quickly followed by a
whimpering, almost pleading sound, from somewhere else in the room. David
had not been able to tell from where the sound came, but if he had to guess,
at that moment he would have guessed---correctly---that it had come from
somewhere above his head.

There it was again, that whimper. Each of the
several times it had been repeated, it had begun to sound more, and more,
familiar. Davd's mind almost overloaded a millisecond after he realized
where he had heard that sound before. He had heard it many times over the
past year. It was Dawn, his lady Dawn, making that pleading, whimpering
noise.

What David then heard, and felt, in rapid succession
was a sound that he recognized as the crack of the tail of a leather whip,
somewhere above his body, then the intense pain of that tail as it brutally
attacked his chest. If his screaming mind had not already reached overload
as he arched his body in pain, it was sent spinning over the edge of reality
as he heard Kelli's voice, from somewhere near the left side of the bed.

"Hello, David," she had said in a firm, almost
growling, tone. "Welcome home, little boy, you and your little slut. Now
you are in MY world."

**Chapter Eight**

As Kelli recounted the story to me, it was only
a few days after that first telephone call from Dawn to Kelli that the
two of them finally met. Kelli had suggested a first meeting in neutral
location, perhaps for coffee. But Dawn, in her apparent innocence, had
suggested hers and David's apartment.
"And please remember to bring them, what did
David call them, the bondage toys?"

That was a one of the phrases that were forever
burned into Kelly's memory. Not only did Dawn mention David, but in the
same breath she mentioned the items of sexual play that, to Kelli, were
almost sacred. Each item, as simple as a long piece of rope or as complex
as a headharness ballgag, had a special meaning and memory to Kelli. She
said that she could, at that moment, feel the anger grow inside inside
of her as the blonde bimbo---Kelli interchangably referred to her as "the
slut" or the "blonde bimbo"---talked about those sacred implements of teasing
and torment in such a simple manner.

Their first meeting had been friendly, from Dawn's
recollection almost like two college roomates meeting after a long absense.
Kelli's body was covered with her usual clothing, the skin tight, faded
jeans and the
several-sizes-too-small t-shirt that accentuated
her chest. Her black hair, which as always reflected any light in the room,
had been pulled back into a long ponytail. The only indication of something
different---apparently unnoticed by Dawn--was the four-inch stiletto heels.

Dawn wore a long night-shirt type t-shirt, emblazoned
on the front with the name of the local sports team, and blaming it on
the summer heat, nothing else save for a tiny pair of white, cotton panties.
Bare feet, bare breasted beneath the night shirt, Dawn occasionally exposed
her trim and tanned thighs as she sat on the couch and crossed her legs.
Even her butt would sometimes peek into view, on those moments that Dawn
would rise from the couch, turn away from Kelli, and almost prance towards
the kithen of the apartment to refill their wine glasses.

Kelli had tried to remain calm through their conversation,
as Dawn spoke of her discussions with David.
"He said something about bondage, whatever that
is. And he also said that, how did he say it, it was a lot of fun when
the two of you did it."
Again, hearing that irreverant tone from Dawn,
Kelli nearly exploded. She was, she told me later, sure that her blood
pressure had risen off of the scale. All she could think of was hanging
that slut, out of the apartment window, by her toes. But that, and perhaps
some things similar, would have to wait. At that moment, Kelli began her
lessons in control.

Kelli tried to her best to explain "bondage" to
Dawn. But for whatever reason, Dawn seemed not to understand, so it was
time to demonstrate it. Even at this point, Kelli remained cautious, yet
controlling.
"Let me show you how it's done", Kelli had offered
to Dawn, in as innocent a tone of voice as possible. "I'll let you tie
me up, but I will tell you how."

With Dawn bobbing her head, up and down, vigorously
like a teenager who had been promised the family car, a credit card and
a trip to the mail, Kelli reached down from her seat on the couch and opened
the leather bag that contained hers and David's toys. She explained to
Dawn each one, as she removed it from the bag. The rope, to tie an arm,
a leg, or some other part of the body, black leather straps also good for
restraint, she told Dawn. Several collars, which Kelli obligingly pressed
against her own neck, including a posture collar. The blindfolds, which
Kelli this time pressed against Dawn's face and eyes, to give her the feelings
of the sight deprivation. And, of course, the gags, ranging from pieces
of cloth for the cleave gag to ballgags, including the headharness gag,
and the O-ring gag.

What remained in the bag, hidden deep inside it,
was the leather hood and the whips, the bullwhip and the the cat-o-nine
tails, which Kelli had recently purchased.

Not too many minutes later, Kelli was voluntarily
on the floor, kneeling, facing towards the couch, with her wrists tied,
somewhat secure, behind her back. The rope around her upper arms was snug,
though not tight, at least not nearly tight enough for Kelli. Yet she remembered
thinking that she was fairly impressed. At least the bimbo knew how to
tie a knot or two.

As Dawn's false sense of confidence gained in
her relationship with Kelli, she suggested that Kelli take her turn. As
she put it "now it's your turn to tie me up." The giggle that punctuated
the end of that statement had told Kelli that not only was Dawn a bimbo---maybe
a bimbo with a great body, but still a bimbo---but that she could not hold
her liquor. Using that to her advantage, several innocent sounding suggestions
from Kelli resulted in Dawn this time kneeling on the floor, her wrists
tied palm to palm and her elbows tied, touching. Kelli said that, at that
point, she made a mental note about Dawn's flexibility, as an enemy army
would in gaining and storing intelligence information about an enemy. The
afternoon visit ended with Dawn sitting in a chair, now wearing only the
cotton panties, her arms strapped to the side of the chairs, and her ankles
similarly strapped to the legs, now wearing a medium-sized ballgag. It
had taken only a comment of Kelli---how bondage is much better when the
ropes or straps are pressed against the skin---for Dawn to remove the night
shirt.

As Dawn giggled from behind the gag and looked
up at Kelli---who stood in front of the chair, her hands on her hips in
an almost defiant pose---Dawn's eyes shone as she slid her butt back and
forth teasingly across the chair. That it was an invitation, Kelli had
no doubt. But it was not one that Kelli had intended nor had any interest
in acceptance.

Her interest, and the ever-growing dark side,
was to be saved for David.

**Chapter Nine**

About this story, the last chapter of the Kelli series, here's something
that you might want to use as an intro to this last chapter:

\*\*\*\*\*

Almost every author goes through a dark period at some point in his
or her life.  And if they continue to write during that period, the
results usually reflect that dark side.  Yet it is also only through
admitting that there was a dark side that it can be banished.  This
last chapter of the Kelli series pushes Kelli, David and Dawn over that
same edge.  Read it at your own peril.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

**FROM HERE THERE IS NO FUTURE**
*an alternative ending to the "Kelli" Series*
by Robert Deane
of DeaneProductions

It was sometime in the evening--the exact time did not matter, because
David had lost all track of time--that the cloth was pressed against David's
face, covering his mouth and nose. He fought the valiant fight, trying
not to breathe in what he suspected was chloroform. But it was a losing
battle, his mind surrendered to the darkness.

When he awoke, he found himself tied in a new position, somehow more
evil than the first. His arms had been tied behind the back of the high
back chair, his wrists palm to palm, and a rope again trying to pull his
elbows to the point of contact. His legs had spread wide, almost obscenely,
to the sides of the chair, anchored by rope to the back legs of the chair.
His mouth was filled with an oversized red rubber ball, designed more for
training and pain than silence, the ball pulled deep into his mouth by
the black leather straps. As his body began to arise from the chloroform-induced
fog, he began to feel the pain, in his wrists, his elbows and his jaw.

But there was another pain, one, which David had never experienced.
As the screaming sensation ran through his body, David was finally able
to pinpoint the source of the pain: his nipples. Shaking his head, no,
a man's nipples are not meant to be clamped. Yet Kelli had done that; not
large clamps, but tight, maddeningly tight, and, as David would shortly
discover, a large lock hung on the chain between the nipple clamps.

Then he saw her: Kelli, her hands on her hips, the defiant, almost vicious,
look in her eyes, as she stared at David. "So, little boy, you are finally
awake." Those words were almost spat at him. "I'm glad, because you almost
missed the show."

The show???? Those words bounced in David's mind. He wanted to scream:
WHAT SHOW? But the gag prevented the words from coming out; only unintelligible
sounds would escape.

And then, as if as a bolt of lightening hit his head, he thought: Dawn?
Where is Dawn? Where is she and what has Kelli done to her?

As if reading his mind, Kelli stepped aside, clearing David's view of
the bed. And then he saw her, his precious, beautiful Dawn, facing him.
But, no, it wasn't her, it could not be her. Gone was the long, beautiful
blonde hair, her hair cut short to less than an inch. And she was tied,
laying on the bed, but in a hog-tie that even David could not believe.
Her wrists had been tied, palm-to-palm, with more rope around her touching
elbows. Her crossed ankle had been pulled towards her wrists, but passed
them, tied to her elbows. A head harness ball gag covered her head, with
another rope tied from the top of her harness back to her ankles, cruelly
pulling her head back. Tied as she was, she was forced to arch her body,
exposing her breasts, those full breasts that had provided David with many
hours of enjoyment. And then he saw them, her nipples, but not like before.
They
had been pierced, with bright silver nipple rings in each nipple. Again
he wanted to scream; again the huge ballgag prevented it.

As if it was not bad enough, David made one more discovery, as he looked
into Dawn's eyes. The look that he loved, the softness, was gone, as she
stared at David, with a look more than blank, a look almost of hatred.
As if Kelli was again reading David's, she began to fill in the blanks.
"She now hates you, David. She blames you for everything that has happened
to her, and for everything that is about to happen to her."

As he again looked at his lady Dawn, he saw the coldness now in her
eyes

"It's all your fault, David" Kelli continued, again in that menacing
tone. "I had to tell her, that you were the one who called me, told me
that you needed money, and to get that money agreed to sell her into bondage
slavery."

As each word sunk in, David began to shake his head, slowly at first
and then almost violently. Dawn cannot believe this, not for a moment.
But as he looked back into her eyes, he knew the Kelli had somehow convinced
her of this great lie. As he again tried to scream, the words still remained
blocked by the ballgag.

It was then that he saw it, that cloth in Kelli's hand, with that same
smell of chloroform. As she walked towards him, she spoke the words that
would forever echo in his mind, "When you awake, she and I will be gone,
David. Don't look for her, David, not if you don't want to find what she
will have become."

When he awoke, and after what seemed like hours of struggling, he was
finally able to free himself from the ropes.

He never saw Dawn or Kelli again.
 
 

\* \*
