---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 10 Strokes
authors:
- cabingirl83
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- gag
- bfold
- naked
- bdsm
- cane
- punish
- sex
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2012-04-05 00:00:00
---

She waits in anticipation for him to enter the room. Her heart beating faster she feels small beads of sweat trickle down her naked body and evaporate at her feet. The excitement and fear almost overcomes her as she stands spread-eagle against the wall, but she stays firm in her stature fighting the butterflies in her stomach. Her jaw aches as the ball gag she is wearing fills her mouth and cuts into the corners of her lips. She is fighting off the pain, the stiffness, the worry about her punishment to come, not knowing her Master is watching her through the window and taking her image in.

Click. The door opens and she feels her Master stride past her, a brief breeze cooling her down and causing her to shiver. Despite the blindfold that she wears, she can sense a radar like stare beaming in on her. Butterflies increase as she hears him walk over to the drawer and reveal his array of tools. The sound of Cuban heels resonating on polished timbers as he returns to his submissive is too much to bear. She falls on her knees at his feet sobbing uncontrollably as cries echo throughout the room. “I’m so sorry Master” she wails behind her gag as her tears fall to the ground in front of her dominant. Her anger and disappointment at her outburst only increasing the flow as her body trembles wildly.

“Quiet little one” he says calmly, grabbing her hair and forcing her to knees. “It will be over shortly, it’s only 10 strokes after all”. He makes it sound so casual, like such a normal state of affair, whereas this is far from the norm. His soft yet firm voice in almost condescending in nature, is he mocking her? She has only been punished twice in 12 months, however in intensifying the relationship an increase of expectations was also of necessity. After all, if she wants to be a true slave to him she must comply – at all times. He had given her a reminder to address her indiscretion on a prior occasion, however upon his arrival home she had once again failed to meet his required standard and had not been attired to his desire.

Her crying subsides at his command and she kneels in front of him. He removes her ball gag to allow her the privilege of speech, a large strand of saliva falling down onto her chin. She was not looking forward to her punishment – the first since she had chosen to wear his collar less than 4 weeks prior. She had felt his correction previously, but it was different now. She composes herself as she begins to take in his words. “You have disappointed me this evening little one. I have once given you warning and a chance to alter your behaviour as a slave, but you have forgotten this in your haste. I know you are upset, and I know that after tonight you will not do so again – this correction will see to that”.

“Yes Master” she replies, with her eyes to the floor. She knows no worse feeling than that of disappointing her Master. “Shall we begin then slave?” At this he lifts her face to meet his and removes her blindfold. He can see in her eyes that nothing could punish her more than she is already internalising herself. “Yes Master” she says shakily as she moves back down to her traditional slave position. She watches as he carefully picks out an implement to use, her stomach squirming as he decides on the thin rattan cane, testing it on his palm and nodding to acknowledge his approval.

He motions her to stand and position herself across the spanking bench. She moves quickly and quietly, daring not to let as much as a breath be heard. She spreads her bare legs wide as she lays her ample breasts over the bench, her toned and tanned ass sticking up in the air. He approaches her and caresses her body, trying to control his emotions, this was after all punishment and not pleasure. “This is not something I look forward to, but something which is necessary to help you to learn and grow as my slave. Do you understand this?”

“Yes Master” she says as she feels him stroke her hair gently, she takes a deep breath. He grabs her hair now, pulling he head back and looking into her eyes.  “You will count each stroke as it is delivered” he commands in a strong voice. “If you fail to do this the stroke will be given again”. She gulps.  “Do you understand slave?” Without hesitation she nods and says “Yes Master”.

He takes a moment to ready himself, admiring his naked slave spread in front of him. He takes the cane in his hand and draws a deep breath, laying the first strike across her ass cheeks.

“One. Thank you Master for my correction” she says loudly. She appears to take the first strike in her stride. Already she has a red mark as he withdraws his cane. He pulls back his arm and smacks the cane down with more tenacity.

“Two. Thank you Master for my correction” she squeals, clearly uncomfortable at this strike. The second was placed 1 centimetre below the first in an exact parallel line. He has always been proud of his accuracy. He lets her settle before adding a third, this time above the first.

“Three. Thank you Master for my correction.” She takes some time in lowering her stomach back to the bench, however does not hesitate for too long. She doesn’t want to draw this out any longer than necessary. He won’t rush her for the moment; he knows how nervous she is. He can sense the fear in her voice increasing with each stroke.  She has never taken ten as a punishment before – it has been five on previous occasions. Once her ass is back in place he swings without delay.

“Four. Thank you Master for my correction” she gasps; the stroke lining up precisely under the second. Welts are appearing now as he can hear her discontent quietly. It pains him to do it, but she must learn. He takes no enjoyment from it as he delivers the fifth – half way there.

“Five. Thank you Master for my correction” she yelps. She takes some deep breaths, trying to calm and centre herself. He can see she is struggling as she pauses before lowering herself.

“You are doing well little one” he says softly into her ear, stroking her hair as she lays back down. She takes comfort in his words. Although her punishment is at his hands, the words sooth and calm her. He decides she is ready to continue now, and places a blow right in the crevice of her ass cheeks. She moans.

“Six. Thank you for my correction Master”. She continues to moan, but it is not a moan of distress. He slips a finger between her legs to find her pussy wet. This is somewhere she has not been before – she has not found bliss from pain on any other occasion. He is torn, not knowing whether to continue with the punishment, or wait until she is cognitive once more, after all – pleasure is not the desired outcome. He decides to continue, laying the next one down harder again on her thighs.

“Seven. Thank you for my correction Master” she says in a rushed tone. She places her ass back to its position and the next blow is dealt straight away.

“Eight. Thank you Master for my correction”. Her ass is wiggling about as her stomach goes to flatten on the bench. She doesn’t get a chance before the next connects with her mid thigh, drawing blood.

“Nine. Thank you for my correction Master”. Before she has a chance to replace her self the last is delivered with such force to bring her to her knees on the ground at his feet, her ass and thighs covered in bright red, blood covered striations.

“Ten. Thank you for my correction Master” she moans between kisses to his feet. She has never taken such a beating, nor has ever felt this horny. Juices are dripping down her inner thighs, mixing with streaks of blood and pooling below her. He cannot help but have a hard on either. The thought of his slave on edge at the whim of his guttural power would be enough to have any Master feeling turned on.

He grabs her hair once again, forcing her to her feet and slamming her against the bench, driving his cock into her cunt in one fluent motion. It is animalistic as he drives into her repeatedly as she is reduced to a series of moans and groans, now incomprehensible to understand. He cannot contain himself anymore, cumming hard in her cunt and commanding her release. They both slump to the floor as she screams whilst she cums. He rubs her clit to accentuate and heighten the pleasure before she lets out one final primal scream and falls lifeless into his arms.

“Good girl” he whispers to her as he lays her on the floor and moves in behind her. “You handled that very well”. He embraces her and looks forward to their continued journey together.
