---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Two-Day Challenge
authors:
- MrJohnSmith
tags:
- F/f
- petgirl
- bitchsuit
- hum
- bond
- gag
- collar
- cuffs
- toys
- buttplug
- oral
- mast
- anal
- tease
- electro
- chastity
- college
- nc
- XX
date: 2025-08-09 00:00:00
---

#### *The Roommate*

Emily was pissed. Coming to college, she’d expected to be sharing a room with someone as laid back and outgoing as herself. Instead, she had Nina the recluse. While Emily was a party girl who took to college life like a fish to water, Nina was just… weird. Never wanting to go out, Nina could be a pretty girl, if only she stood up for herself a bit more. Instead, she spent all her time moping about in their room on her laptop. One day when Nina was out at class, Emily had rifled through her drawers and found her vibrator, alongside a notebook of weird sex fantasies, including bondage and other weird fetish stuff. Honestly Emily was happy to get away from Nina and get away from college for Spring Break, when a message had popped up on her phone.

“Lol Ems isn’t that your room?”

It was a message in her friend Whatsapp group. Attached was a screenshot. It took a moment for the picture to come through, but when it did, Emily was speechless. The picture was of a girl dressed up as some kind of fetish cat rubbing her pussy. Emily could very clearly see her room in the background. Her bed, comfort blanket, and Mr Cuddles. And through the mask she could see… Nina.

What. The. Fuck.

Emily began furiously texting back, asking her friend where they’d got the picture from. A link was sent to the chat. Logging on to the chatroom, Emily joined the thousands of others watching Nina crawling around their college dorm on all fours with a cat’s tail and mask on. That perverted fucking bitch! Emily was furious that Nina had decided to use their dorm room to film her weird sex stuff.

“I am going to rip that bitch a new one.”

Luckily Emily wasn’t too far from college. Hopping in her car, she knew she could get to campus in under an hour. While driving Emily could see her friends posting more screenshots and commenting. Some were even suggesting this was something her and Nina got up to together. “Mother fuckers”, Emily sighed under her breath as she drove to campus. When Emily got there, she unhooked her phone from the charger and saw the last photos that were posted in the group. The last one made her stop in her tracks. It showed Nina, on all fours, humping Mr. Cuddles. Emily was furious. Nina was going to pay.

#### *The Discovery*

Emily could barely contain her rage as she made her way to their dorm room. Shaking as she found her keys, she opened the door to find Nina asleep on Mr Cuddles, dressed in her slutty kitten costume. On the floor, Nina’s laptop was pinging away, notifications coming in every second. Emily held back her desire to hit Nina right there and then and instead investigated the source of the pinging. On the screen Emily saw Nina’s chatroom, the number of viewers, the list of challenges and rewards they had her do. The most recent message was still up on the screen:

“Congratulations! You’ve successfully completed the 30-Minute Challenge. Feeling adventurous? Get ready to double your money in our next stage: Two-Day Challenge! Click here to find out more.”

Clicking the button, Emily found out just how much Nina had won for her little performance. $500 for half an hour’s work? What was more, the Two-Day Challenge was offering to pay out $1,000 for Nina to continue her show! Additionally, there was an option to order a “dominatrix” add-on, with same-day delivery, to use as part of the challenge. A plan formed in Emily’s head. Clicking on accept, Emily ordered the extra equipment and made sure the prize money would be paid to her account, not Nina’s. Emily looked over to Nina, who was still passed out on Emily’s teddy bear. This bitch will pay for what she did, thought Emily.

#### *Waking Up*

Groggily, Nina woke up, confused about where she was and what was going on. She could feel she was still locked in all of her bondage gear, lying on top of Emily’s bear. Embarrassingly, she could feel a wet puddle under her crotch, realising she must have cummed on Emily’s bear and passed out. Nina was mortified. She already had a feeling Emily didn’t like her, how was she going to explain this one? What was more, why was she still locked into her gear? She thought she was going to be unlocked after the challenge was over. Nina turned around to look for her laptop, but couldn’t see anything. Suddenly, she heard someone clear their throat behind her.

“Finally awake? Good. I thought you were going to spend the whole challenge asleep for a second.”

In front of Nina stood Emily, but it didn’t look like her roommate. It looked like some terrifying dominatrix with Emily’s face on it. Dressed in thigh-high latex slips, a jet-black leather corset, latex opera gloves, an elegant Venetian mask, and a collar with the letter D embossed in the centre, she looked an awful lot like Angelina Jolie from *Mr. and Mrs. Smith.* Emily stood above Nina with a crop in hand and what can only be described as a look of absolute contempt.

“In a weird way, I’m kind of glad you did this Nina. Because now I know what you really are. A filthy fucking pervert. A fetish freak.”

“Emily I can-“

Emily whipped Nina’s ass with the crop loud enough for a crack to reverberate around the room. Tears came to Nina’s eyes as she choked on her words.

“You do NOT talk unless I tell you to. Slave.”

Nina was scared. Emily had never shown any particular kindness to her, always acting as if she resented having a roommate. Now Nina had given her the perfect excuse to hate her.

“As I was saying. I have to thank you for volunteering for this challenge. I never really paid this whole bondage stuff much attention, but having watched you defile Mr Cuddles, I decided to do some research. I found the stuff you liked to watch on your laptop, and I have to admit, it got me a little horny. And this whole episode made me realise I don’t really know you. So, I thought signing you up to the Two-Day Challenge could be a fun way for us to get to know each other.”

Two days!? Nina wanted to die. She had already embarrassed herself online to over 5,000 anonymous viewers. She didn’t want to go for two more days. Especially not with a pissed off Emily in control.

“Also, I thought it was rude of you to keep your face hidden seeing as you let the world see everything else you did, so I took that silly little mask of yours off. Smile for the camera.”

Nina realised with absolute horror that Emily had indeed taken the mask off, and now everyone in the chatroom could see her face. She heard the pings going off like mad as her audience cheered on Emily’s domination of Nina.

“Just so you know I would never be caught dead in this stuff normally. But your website offered some add-ons to spice up The Challenge, so I thought why not. With same-day delivery it came to $469.95, but I thought you could afford it right?”

Nina quietly sobbed as she realised all her prize money, the whole reason she had debased herself so much, had just gone to the implements her roommate was now going to torture her with. Nina tried to speak up, but Emily swatted her on the ass again and showed her a remote.

“Now don’t forget that collar you have on you has a shock function, so I wouldn’t get any funny business if I were you. But just to be sure, open wide!”

With that Emily shoved a ring-gag into Nina’s mouth, strapping it tightly behind her head and locking it in place with a padlock. Nina’s mouth was now forced open, adding to the bondage she already faced with her arms and legs immobilised.

#### *The New Attire*

“So here’s what’s going to happen: You’re going to wash up, because you fucking stink, and I need to see just how much mess you made on Mr Cuddles. I’m going to unlock your restraints, but that collar stays on. Any funny business and I have no hesitation to shock the living hell out of you. If I were you, I’d use this opportunity to use the bathroom too.”

With that Emily undid the restraints around Nina’s wrists and ankles and removed the belt from her. Nina’s limbs were stiff from being kept in that position for so many hours.

“Now hurry up: For every second you’re not in that shower, I am going to shock you in that ass of yours, so let’s see how quickly you can run kitty.”

True to her word, Emily started to shock Nina as she made her way to their bathroom and clambered into the shower. Having been bound in such a fixed position for so long Nina was grateful to be able to feel the warm water on her limbs. Carefully removing her vibrator and butt plug she was also happy of the chance to avail of the bathroom, uncertain of when she’ll next be able to go.

After fifteen minutes, Nina emerged from the bathroom with her head hung low. She couldn’t believe the situation she’d gotten herself into, and how she’d now be at the mercy of her roommate for the next 48 hours. As Nina walked back into the room, she saw Emily standing holding a new vibrator and a more considerable butt plug than the one she’d been wearing for her first challenge.

“This upgrade package is fantastic. Not only did it give me this full dominatrix outfit, but it also came with lots of other fun toys to torment you with. I think it’s only fair though given what you did to Mr. Cuddles? Now protest and I’ll just keep shocking you until you comply.”

Resignedly Nina allowed Emily to approach her with the toys. Thankfully Emily allowed Nina the comfort of some lube before ungraciously shoving the butt plug and vibrator in place. Keeping Nina on all fours, Emily then wrapped some kind of metal belt around Nina’s waist with a strap running through her legs. The effect was to keep her two new companions pretty firmly in place. Emily completed the new look with a padlock. Nina’s new chastity belt wasn’t coming off without some help. Thankfully she noted there was some kind of a mesh layer over her sex, meaning she could hopefully still avail of the bathroom during her two-day ordeal.

“Now you don’t think that’s it do you hun? *No no*, your adoring fans in the chatroom also added on something special for you *KinkyKitty*. It’s an upgrade to your previous restraints. These should allow you to walk around on your elbows and knees a little more comfortably. It also means you’ll be stuck in them until I say so.”

With that Emily held up a series of leather straps that Nina knew will completely immobilise her worse than the cuffs had done before. Nina realised the ability to move her limbs again was a fleeting luxury, but also, with the collar around her neck and the remote in Emily’s hands, there was nothing she could do. A few painful minutes later and Nina was trussed up, completely immobilised worse than before, with two enormous plugs locked inside her, and being reduced to a four-legged animal, complete with paws at the end of her knees and elbows. The ring gag stopped her from being able to say anything or stop the line of drool emitting from her mouth. Where Nina might have been a sexy cam girl kitty previously, she was now the drooling, immobile pet of Emily. From the laptop Nina could hear the cheers of pings as the audience loved every moment.

#### *The First Challenge*

“Now don’t you look the part. Well, I’ve been chatting with your loyal fanbase while you were in the shower, and they’re all quite keen on the idea of me dominating you for our two-day session, so they’ve given me full control. I have been nice to them though and let them continue to suggest things to do, and I particularly like the first challenge they’ve set you.”

With that Emily turned the laptop to face Nina. Seeing herself trussed up in the bitchsuit with a ring-gag and no mask, Emily’s face flushed scarlet with shame. With her dishevelled hair and the mouth kept open into a comical O, she looked every bit like the sex slave Emily has reduced her to. So transfixed was Nina by her appearance that it took her a while to read what the first challenge actually was:

“Let’s see how good your new pet is at pleasuring you.”

Pulling on Nina’s leash, Emily brought Nina’s head between her legs. With an almost vice-like grip, Emily’s thighs clasped around Nina’s head, denying her any way out. Still, Nina tried to hold onto what vestige of self-respect she had and tried to pull back her head from Emily’s sex as much as she could. Emily had other plans.

“You don’t want to lick? Fine, I can just keep shocking you until you do.”

True to her word, Nina felt a jolt of electricity surge through her ass and pussy as Emily began shocking her. What little resolve Nina had left quickly escaped with the sixth and seventh shock, and she resignedly stuck out her tongue and began licking Emily’s clit. Having never eaten a woman out before, Nina’s clumsy attempts were made all the more awkward by the ring gag preventing her from using anything but her tongue. After what felt like an eternity Nina brought Emily to orgasm, which was just as well, as Nina felt like she was running out of air trapped between Emily’s legs.

“Not bad, slave, let’s see if you can do the same thing tomorrow and maybe you’ll earn yourself some breakfast.”

Maybe!? Nina’s situation was really starting to sink in as Emily pushed her aside and went to the bathroom to get ready for bed, leaving her trussed up with her juices smeared all over her face. A short while later, Emily reemerged in her PJs with her face washed. Shewing Nina onto the floor, Emily got into bed, leaving Nina sat on the ground bewildered.

“What? Pets don’t sleep in beds – they sleep on the floor. Particularly naughty fucking pets like you. Tell you what though, so you’re not bored, I’ll give you something to think about while you sleep.”

With that Emily pressed a button and the vibrator in Nina’s sex started on a low vibration, just enough to arouse Nina, but nowhere near enough to bring her to orgasm. The rest of the night Nina lied on the floor next to Emily, trying desperately to sleep, orgasm, or both.

#### *Desperation*

Nina woke the next morning dying for the restroom. She’d barely been able to sleep all evening, the low vibrations of the toy inside her driving her wild. Now a different feeling of urgency had built up. Slowly clambering towards the bathroom, Nina was terrified of waking Emily and being subject to her wrath. Whilst considerably more restricting, Nina had to concede the bitchsuit at least made walking more comfortable, thanks to the padding beneath the elbows and knees. As Nina made it to the bathroom she realised the futility of her endeavours: how was she going to get onto the toilet trussed up as she was? Panicking at the now desperate need to pee, Nina was relieved and mortified to see Emily had thought ahead: laid out before her next to the shower was a litterbox. How much stuff had she ordered, Nina thought to herself. Desperate for the bathroom, and aware her situation couldn’t get much worse, she awkwardly crawled over onto the litterbox, and lifted her leg much like a dog would, trying to get as little pee on herself as possible. Without being able to hold it any longer, Nina let go and began peeing.

As Nina was relieving herself a chill ran down her spine as she heard a familiar *ding*. Looking up, from across the room she saw her laptop pointed right at her, the chatroom alive with comments and suggestions. Her use of the litterbox had just been streamed to however many tens of thousands of users. Nina wanted to crawl into a hole and die from the embarrassment of it all. To make matters worse, all the noise had stirred Emily awake.

#### *Breakfast*

Having been woken by Nina’s online bathroom spectacle, Emily thought it only right then that Nina should apologise with some morning head. Using the threat of further shocks to incentivise her to crawl over and stick her head under the sheets, Emily revelled in how good Nina was getting at cunnilingus. After showering and leaving Nina leashed to the bathroom, Emily produced a pink, frilly bowl seemingly out of nowhere. Stamped in big golden letters in front was one word: “Bitch”.

“I have to tell you Nina, your fans really are some perverted freaks. It was their suggestion to leave out the litterbox for you and to get you this cute bowl. They seem to love this whole degradation thing. I’m just in it for the head personally. And to see you get your come-uppance for being just a freaky bitch with Mr Cuddles.”

Emily placed the bowl in front of Nina, who could barely look up at her for the shame of it all.

“Personally, I wouldn’t have thought humans could eat cat food, but your loyal fans tell me otherwise. Make sure to eat it all now, I wouldn’t want to have to tell your loyal fan base you disappointed them, would I?”

Emily opened a can of cat food, emptying the contents into the pink bowl in front of Nina. She could not be serious, Nina thought to herself. Already in the last 48 hours Nina had debased herself further than she ever thought possible: touching herself on camera, purring like a cat, humping a stuffed animal, and now, enslaved by her roommate, being forced to eat her out and piss in a litterbox like an animal. And now she wants me to eat cat food. Fuck that, Nina thought to herself.

Sadly, Nina’s will was no match for the shocking power of the vibrator and butt plug. After what felt like an eternity, but was probably no more than one or two minutes of constant shocks, Nina gave in, and tried eating the contents of the bowl. With the ring gag attached, she was only able to stick her tongue out at pieces, but with the helpful shove of her head by Emily, Nina consumed the horrid smelling pet food. By the time Nina was done, half the contents of the bowl were smeared all over her face, and Emily stood by with a wide grin. Putting her arm around Nina’s neck, Emily took a selfie of the two of them.

“I wanna remember this for a long time, bitch.”

The rest of the day Nina was subjected to more and more debased behaviour based on the chatroom’s suggestions. After having washed her down with cold water, Emily forced Nina to run around their room chasing a laser pointer, shocking her any time she was too slow. Other suggestions that came through included making Nina do tricks, rewarding her with the vibrator anytime she got something right. The combination of shocks and rewards was sending Nina wild. She was feeling more and more like an animal as she had little time to think of anything else but performing the tasks in front of her. She’d lost count of the number of viewers in the chatroom, Emily preferring to keep the laptop out of sight of Nina so she couldn’t see what the next suggestions were. Nina was aware everything she was doing was being streamed online, and, with her mask no longer on, she could only imagine the notoriety her performance must be causing her. But her thoughts barely extended that far. It had been almost 48 hours since Nina had last cum, and while each tease brought Nina closer, Emily made sure never to let her climax. Nina had become focussed solely on her own stimulation.

#### *The Test*

By the end of the day Nina was exhausted from the games and the constant teasing. Having been in the room with Nina since her discovery, Emily had left her to “go grab something”. As Nina crawled around the room, she heard a low whining noise coming from underneath the desk. Putting one paw in front of the other, Nina slowly made her way over to the source of the noise.

Lying there underneath a cushion was none other than Nina’s favourite vibrator. How did that get there? Emily must have taken it out of Nina’s bedside drawer when she was going through her things, probably while Nina was passed out. While Nina should have been troubled about the invasion of privacy, actually she was excited: the vibrator was on.

Awkwardly spreading her legs as best as the restraints would allow, Nina found a position where she was able to rub her crotch against the vibrator. Despite the chastity belt, Nina was able to find a position where she was able to feel the vibrations. Having been teased so much by Emily in the last couple of days, it didn’t take much for Nina to get turned on. Grinding against the floor, starting to feel an orgasm build inside of her. Thrusting her crotch into the vibrator, Nina’s humping was getting more primal. Any thoughts of modicum were far out the window: she just wanted to cum. Just as she was getting close to an orgasm, a huge shock erupted from her butt plug. With pain Nina recoiled, as she saw Emily having returned, once again fully donned in her dominatrix outfit, this time with a new addition.

Hanging between Emily’s legs was a beast of a dildo. Evidently Emily had “gone out” to purchase a strap on, and she hadn’t skimped on size. Nina gulped. She’d only had sex a couple of times since coming to college, and even though the last couple of days had been a wild experience, she’d still never had anything as big as that before.

“Bad kitty, trying to cum while I’m gone. I see you couldn’t resist the little temptation I left there for you. I guess that makes my decision for me. I was going to let you decide which hole I should fuck you in, but, seeing as you can’t even go a couple hours without trying to hump everything in this room, I’m going to make the decision for you.”

With that Emily pushed Nina’s head down to the ground. Unable to get any purchase with her paws, Nina found she was stuck in that position until Emily let her up. As she felt Emily remove the butt plug from her chastity belt, she could feel the cool air against her ass for the first time in a couple of days. The brief respite didn’t last long however as Nina felt the tip of Emily’s strap-on start to penetrate her ass.

As Emily started to thrust the dildo inside of Nina, Nina could feel the vibrator within her start. Emily was stimulating Nina with the vibrator whilst fucking her in the ass. The mixed feelings of the full penetration of Emily’s strap-on, alongside the now considerable vibrations in her sex were sending Nina wild.

As the thrusts continued, Nina could feel an orgasm building inside her. The two days of non-stop teasing, the denial of being able to climax and the humiliation of the whole affair was too much for Nina. As Nina exploded in orgasm, she heard Emily yelp behind her, and felt the dildo suddenly pull out of her ass. Without the pressure of Emily on top of her Nina was able to stand up on her front legs. Turning around, she saw Emily collapsed on the floor, grasping at the dominatrix collar around her neck. Sure enough, now Nina was at head height with Emily, she could see the same familiar box attached to Emily’s collar that had been attached to hers.

From across the room Nina could hear the sound of celebratory fireworks being emitted from her laptop. Crawling over, Nina started to piece together what had happened. Having gotten frustrated at being ignored, the chatroom decided to punish Emily by shocking her collar. This had coincided with the end of the challenge, and now Emily was stuck until Nina chose to do something about it. As Nina read through the comments a messaged popped up on the screen:

**“Well done on completing the Two-Day Challenge. Your prize money has now been transferred. Think you have what it takes for the Two-Week Challenge?”**

Nina could feel the restraints around her arms slacken. Whilst Emily had used padlocks for her belt and legs, her arms must have been secured with some kind of remote lock, similar to her previous collar and cuffs. The Challenge didn’t want to give over all the control to Emily, it seemed. With her arms free, Emily found the key and freed her legs, finally being able to stretch her limbs again for the first time in 48 hours.

With her freedom regained, the ability to move her arms and legs felt like bliss to Nina, but a single word comment kept her eyes glued to the screen. It had been the most upvoted after the collar shock, meaning it would be implemented in the next challenge: *Switch*. Looking to the prostrate Emily on the ground, ideas of what Nina could do with her during a Two-Week Challenge began to fill her mind…
