---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Animal Cafe
authors:
- Tigerstretch
tags:
- FF
- fpov
- petgirl
- costume
- latex
- oral
- naked
- polyamory
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2022-02-06 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 29 - Cooking Pets

It was early in the morning, too early. I could have stayed in bed and rested because, frankly, spending time with ALL the petgirls out of costume all at once wasn't easy. My little friends could be sexually demanding. At night, they gave Oreo and me some privacy, but it was a different story during the day. I never had as much sex over two days. I was wondering if there was a correlation between that and Oreo's cute BDSM outfit I borrowed. Maybe that new look had made me more desirable.

But no, I still woke up with Oreo at my side and, even if I was tired, I decided to accompany her to work along with the other pets who would be on duty today. The idea that I wouldn't be able to spend time with Oreo for the next few days and unable to explore our new relationship was a bit sad, but it was our reality. Seeing how happy she was to return to work, I couldn't do anything else but be okay with it.

Hand in hand, we walked in the awakening downtown area, heading towards the Cakes & Pets. Following closely behind us was Asha, Meeka, Misti, and Vix, and they were super silent and exhausted. Behind their unbreakable sex-machine image, they were actually vincible beings.

Lucy apparently wanted six pets at the café today, which was a bit unusual. There were the five accompanying me, and Savannah was supposed to meet us over there as well; she was the only one not living at the pethouse with us because she apparently had a nice place where to live already. Since I have never met her out of costume, I barely knew anything about her. Only Meeka seemed to know everything about our new little cheetah, but she kept telling us that Savannah would share what she wanted to share about her personal life whenever she would feel like it. It didn't help satiate our curiosity, but I couldn't say it was the wrong approach. It was up to Savannah to discuss her private life however she wanted.

We were also curious to see the new paint job at the café. It was part of why I decided to come this morning. Yesterday, Lucy had closed the shop for a full day to allow a renovation crew to complete the work without being slowed down by petgirl hugs and cuteness or a fox kicking a paint can. We all hoped for a new style to replace the previously boring one. Lucy was maybe very good at running the café, but, not to be mean, we all agreed that she wasn't a very good designer.

When we arrived there, Asha, Meeka, Misti, and Vix entered the shop, but I stayed outside with Oreo for a moment. I wrapped my arms around her waist, and she did the same.

"Aww, Oreo… I won't see you for three days. I'll miss you so much."

"Oh, you are not going to come to the café?"

"No, I mean, you, out of costume."

"It would still be me even if I wear my pet suit. I hope you'll spend time with me."

"I will."

It was our last chance to kiss for a while, so we got to it before it was too late. It was a bit heartbreaking; I just got my first girlfriend, and I had to let her go for an eternity. Because of that, I really didn't care about what people in the street would think about two cute girls kissing each other in public. I wouldn't miss my last opportunity to enjoy my lover one last time.

"Mmm… I love that, Clara, but Lucy will be angry if I'm late."

"Yes… Just kiss me one more time."

"Okay."

As we were struggling to let each other go, a small voice barely interrupted us.

"Hi Clara. Hi Oreo!"

"Hi Kitty."

"Are you a couple? I didn't know that."

"..."

It took me a second or two… but when I finally reconnected with reality and understood who I had just greeted on autopilot, an electric shock hit my brain. I quickly turned around and hid behind Oreo.

"K… KITTY!?"

"Well, yes. You just said hi to me. I have not shapeshifted."

"I… I know… but… What… what are you doing here?"

"Dah! I'm working here! You know… for the past two weeks! Is your brain alright?"

"But… but… but…"

"But what?"

"No… nobody told me!"

"What? But, you fed me several times and even played with me when I was bored."

"You… You are Savannah? I… I didn't know that."

"Hum… Not sure what to tell you. Oreo, you knew it was me, right?"

"Vaguely."

How did that happen? How come Kitty turned into a pet and worked for Lucy? Never in my life have I been intimidated this much by a girl, and now, she was one of the pets, one that I have fed and petted often during the past two weeks. How was I supposed to react to this? I wrapped my arms around Oreo to seek comfort.

"Aaah! Clara. I have to go, or else Lucy will be angry."

"Yes, same for me. Lucy told me that she would fire me if I were late."

Reluctantly, I let Oreo go. She gave me a quick last kiss before engulfing herself in the café, followed by Kitty. For a long moment, I stared at the front of the door, wondering if I still wanted to go in.

But I was no longer the old Clara. I didn't want to be that scared version of me anymore.

"Mmph! Let's go. Clara. Kitty is not a monster! There is no reason to be scared of her. She is just a bit… special."

As I was about to raise my hand to open the door, Lucy opened it before me.

"Clara? What are you doing standing in front of the door again? You always do that."

"Oh… But I was about to…"

"Come in, I need to talk to you about something."

"O… okay."

Once more, Lucy caught me playing leek in front of her café. One day, I would probably stop acting weird. But what now? What did she want to talk about? Did she hear that I was dating Oreo and wanted to reprimand me? Now that I was thinking about it, I didn't even know if Lucy had a policy in place against relationships between employees. If that were the case, it would be dramatic. If given a choice, Oreo would possibly choose the café over me. Or would she? And if she were to pick me, I certainly wouldn't let her. Above all else, I wanted Oreo to be happy, so losing her job as a café pet would make her very sad.

My resolve had vanished, and I sank into my usual bad habit of making up stories in my head. Why was this happening to me?

"I… I…"

"Uh? What is it, Clara?"

"You… you can't fire her!"

"... Okay… You lost me here. Fire who?"

"O… Oreo!"

"And why would I want to do that? Oreo is one of my best pets. I love her to death."

"Be… because… we… we are dating."

"... Really? Oreo and you are dating?"

"... Yes. But… I didn't think about the café and..."

"Woah! Slow down, Clara. You just went into a spin."

"..."

"Are you really dating Oreo?"

"Y… yes."

"Impressive!"

"..."

"And the girls know about it too?"

"Yes… They… they said I could and… Trixie was a bit jealous, and she said I was her girlfriend too, but Vix said no and..."

"Haha. Calm down, Clara. It's okay. It doesn't surprise me that Trixie was upset. Well, I'm happy for you. And very happy for Oreo too. Maybe that's what she needed, after all. I'm sure spending more time with you outside the café will do her some good."

"You… you are okay with this, Lucy?"

"Of course, I am. You two are adults. I'm glad that Oreo will look forward to her next break. I always had a hard time convincing her to take off her cat costume."

"O… okay."

"Just keep it professional when you are working at the café. Okay?"

"S… sure. Yes."

That went well. As Lucy said, maybe I panicked a bit too quickly and made up stories in my head, but in the end, she took it positively. I had not seen the situation from that angle, but it was true that Oreo always made a big fuss when it was time to take off her costume at the end of her shift. She didn't like it outside the café. So, if she loved me enough to spend time with me out of costume, it could definitely help her, but also Lucy, who wouldn't have to fight her for an hour every single time.

A bit relieved, I followed Lucy inside.

"Ah! Where is Asha? I told her to wait for me. I bet she went upstairs anyway."

Lucy went to the staircase but didn't feel like going up. Instead, she recalled her disobedient girl by talking loudly.

"ASHA! ASHA!"

"What!?"

"Come here! I said I wanted to talk to you."

"You can talk to me when I'm a pet!"

"No. You are not going to be a pet this morning!"

"WHAT!? WHY!? What did I do?"

"Nothing! Come down here. I just have something to ask you."

"Aaalright. "

There was the word "Asha" in the word "unashamed." The pretty Indian girl, perhaps as an act of vengeance for having been denied her privilege to be a pet, climbed down the stairs completely naked. She was so pretty with her brown skin and perfectly straight black hair. I knew Oreo was my girlfriend, but since we were obviously open about playing with the other girls, it didn't feel too bad while looking at her.

But Lucy rolled her eyes.

"And what will you do if a client comes in and you are naked?"

"He will buy a lot of cakes so he can stare at me longer."

"Smartass. Come with me to the kitchen. I have something to show you. You too, Clara."

Asha and I looked at each other and just shrugged. We had no idea what Lucy wanted from us. Obviously, she wouldn't ask us to feed the pets since they were all upstairs dressing up to the point where they would need assistance, so it was a bit mysterious. We followed her to the kitchen nonetheless.

"So, I wanted to show you what I got installed yesterday while the crew repainted the place."

"WOAH! LUCY! A NEW GAS RANGE!"

"Haha. Yes. Brand new. Six burners. Commercial grade."

"It's amaaazing! So much better than the old crappy one you had."

Kitchen appliances didn't do anything to me, but I knew Asha loved cooking, so it was unsurprising to see her all excited about a good quality gas range.

"Lucy! Are you planning to feed an army? You didn't need something this big just to cook our food."

"Actually, yes. I do plan on feeding an army. The Cakes & Pets will now be offering breakfasts on the weekend."

"REALLY!?"

"Yes, Asha… It's just a test and…"

"CAN I BE YOUR CHEF?"

"Oh… Actually… that's exactly what I wanted to ask you."

"YES!"

"That much?"

"YES!"

"You'll cook three days a week and take care of purchasing the ingredients and all?"

"YES!"

"And you are okay reducing your pet time to do it?"

"... Aww crap! I didn't think about that."

"I thought so."

Asha walked to the squeaky new stove and turned on the burners. She slowly moved her hand above the dancing blue flames to feel the comforting heat rising and remained silent for a moment. Somehow, I knew already that she would say yes, but it would definitely be a sacrifice. Like everybody else, she loved wearing her latex snow leopard costume and cuddling with clients. On the other hand, she had always been mature and intelligent and knew that there were other fun things to do outside being a rubber pet. Plus, there was no discussion about removing her permanently from the pet crew, so it was not like a death sentence either.

"Okay, I'll do it."

"Good. I'm glad."

"But there is one condition. Clara has to be my sous-chef."

"..."

Now everybody was looking at me as my throat clamped shut. Me? A sous-chef? Why did Asha think it was a good idea? The only things I knew how to cook were salad and egg sandwiches. And why should I have to work anyway? I was going back to school, and the government unemployment program paid for it. Would working void that benefit?

"Calm down, Clara. Asha can't impose conditions like this."

"Awww! But I want to work with Clara!"

"I'm sure she will want to help you when she can, Asha, but she is starting school very soon."

"Fiiine! I'll do it anyway."

"Good. Tomorrow is your first day, so today, you have to prepare the kitchen and go buy the ingredients you will need. I also prepared a menu. You can take a look at it, and we can talk about it later."

"Alright. But can Clara help me today, at least?"

"Clara, what do you think? Want to help your naked friend?"

"Y… yes. Of course. I'll help her today."

"Good. I'm going to take care of the pets now. I'll be back in a bit. Urgh! I have to zip up five of them today. That's exactly why I leave them in costume at night. Too much work and whining."

As Lucy said that, she walked away with her usual exasperated attitude. It was a good thing that she had not attempted to cook the breakfasts by herself. She was way too busy for that. I thought it was a great idea to ask Asha to do it. It would be good for her to try something new and, clearly, she felt motivated by it.

But now, she was still naked and came to me for a happy hug.

"Claraaa! I'm going to be a chef like on TV."

"Oh, I don't think that Lucy wants you to be that fancy."

"Hehe. Well, I want to. So, my signature dish will be… YOU!"

"AAAH!"

Without warning, naked-Asha wrapped her arms around me and tried to kiss me. What a way to start the day. She could at least wear an apron.

"Mmm… A delicious Clara-muffin! I want to eat you."

"Ashaaa… Lucy will hear us."

"Pfff… She will be upstairs for the next half hour. Sit on the island!"

"... What!?"

"Sit on the island! I was serious. I really want to eat you."

"But… But…"

What could I do? Asha grabbed me by the hips and, with some effort, lifted me on top of the big island in the middle of the kitchen. Why did I have to wear a skirt today? Her hand slid under it, and she yanked my panties down.

"Asha! No!"

"Haha. Oooh. Black panties. Did you wear them for Oreo?"

"Ashaaa! It's embarrassing!"

"Oh, you did! Nice."

Before I knew it, she lowered me on my back and lifted my skirt up to my waist. How could I resist? Asha was so pretty and nice, so it always got me in trouble when her playfulness surfaced. And today, there was that new element of risk that awfully reminded me of what Trixie had done to me in the costume store's fitting room. We could totally get caught.

But when her super soft tongue ran over my pussy for the first time, everything became irrelevant.

"Aaah!"

"Shhh! We don't want Lucy to hear!"

"I… I know but… aaah. You are good."

"Better than Oreo?"

"No! Never!"

"Hahaha. Gnaaaw!"

"Mmmm!"

She understood exactly the nature of my relationship with Oreo, and she had no intention of destroying it. Actually, it was the opposite. Asha was very happy for Oreo and me and would do all she could to help us if we ever had any trouble. It was an odd thing to think while her magical tongue gradually sent me to paradise, but it was just a shared understanding we had.

When Oreo and I decided to date officially, we had not discussed this much, but it was pretty clear that we didn't want to lose all the special fun that our friends provided us with. And it was working both ways. The other petgirls also loved playing with Oreo, and apparently, they loved playing with me as well. None of them would have tried to convince us otherwise if we had decided to close the door to out-of-couple fun, but would it have been fair to them? They didn't plan to steal Oreo from me and didn't plan to steal me from Oreo, so what was the harm?

Our big orgy last night was such an intense experience that I would never have experienced if I had been close-minded.

So yes, Asha. Keep licking me. It feels amazing, even though I know you are doing it because you want me to help you in the kitchen.

Her hair was so soft. The Indian girl had everything going for her; a delicious coffee skin, larger boobs, her perfect curves, and her fantastic friendliness. I also associated her with her costume, of course, since that was how I got to learn who she was in the first place. The stunning snow leopard was one of my favorites, probably only behind Vix and Trixie; because Vix was just excessively adorable, and Trixie was just so funny.

"MMmm! I'm…. I'm close..."

"Gnaaw!"

"AAah!"

So voracious. Why did it feel so good every time she nibbled my inner thighs? I was getting on the edge real quick, my eyes rolled up, and my drooly tongue stuck out. And then I exploded, trying not to make any noises that would have alarmed Lucy about our illicit activities.

If Asha really wanted to turn me into breakfast, I was all for it.

As I tried to recover, she placed her hands and chin on my chest and smiled.

"Clara. Do you know why we love having sex with you?"

"Aaah.. aaah… I… I don't know."

"Because, of all the pets, you are the only one who makes a super-typical Ahegao face."

"... Ahegwhat?"

"Haha… Ahegao. You should look it up on the internet one day. But you don't do it on purpose, so it's super cute and not creepy. It turns me on."

"Mmm… I'm not sure I want to know."

"Haha. Okay. Maybe it's better that way. Sooo… How about you get your Asha-breakfast now?"

"... but… Lucy…"

"I tell you, she is busy. Plus, she will blame me for having corrupted you. She still sees you as an innocent little girl."

"Mmm… okay."

It was Asha's turn to visit the island. Since she was already naked, there were no barriers to slow down my desire to return the favor. Her smooth crotch was mine, but I couldn't afford to take too much time to savor it, or else it was true that Lucy would catch us in the act. That would be big trouble. So I got to work right away, using a couple of fingers for extra stimulation. I was getting pretty good at female physiology; the pets trained me well.

"AAAH! CLARA!"

"Shhhh!!"

"But… Cla… Clara… aaaah! That's… that's my G spot… How… How did you…"

"Mmm… Trixie showed me how."

"Aaaah!"

It was not working all the time, but it seemed the Asha model was particularly easy to figure out. Using the tips of my fingers, I really did find the right spot inside of her, and now that I knew where it was, I would never forget it.

That was another good thing about having sex with multiple partners. What I learned from one person could be applied to someone else. I gathered a lot of experience that I could put to good use when I had sex with my girlfriend. I wanted to give her the time of her life as often as I could. I wanted to be good at something that would make her feel amazing every time.

With her heels on the edge of the countertop, Asha opened wide to give me some more room to work efficiently. With all that practice I got since I moved to the pethouse, my little tongue became somewhat athletic. Because I didn't want Lucy to catch us, I gave it my all.

"Aaah! Claraaa! What got into youuu!?"

"As you said… gnaaaw!"

"Haha! You are crazyyy!"

I worked hard for the next few minutes, but I didn't manage to push her over the edge yet. I was positive that we were getting there, though. Asha even had to grab a nearby dishcloth and bite in it to keep her little moans at bay.

But then, my heart skipped a beat when, from the corner of my eye, I noticed a moving shape standing in the kitchen doorway. Was that it? Were we discovered already? Right away, I straightened up my back in panic.

"..."

To my great relief, it wasn't Lucy. It was our little black and white cat friend, Oreo, and she walked to me to hug me. Was she offended that I was playing with Asha so early after we kissed goodbye? I was pretty sure that wasn't the case, but since our new special relationship was so precious to me, I still had that little worry in the back of my head.

I was quickly reassured when Oreo climbed on the kitchen island and laid down on top of our naked Asha to get a hug from her as well.

"Aaah! Oreo! You are all slippery!"

Oreo wriggled some more on top of her. It appeared that Lucy had just polished her suit this morning and her slick rubber skin provided Asha with some nice sensations. I did love it when the pets were freshly polished too. Their perfect glossiness always made them look even cuter.

That said, I had a job to finish before it was too late, and since Oreo was here to assist, I returned to my Asha-snack. We were two against one this time, so our success would come quickly.

"Mmm! When did Clara become that good?"

Oh, I didn't think it was true, but I was certainly doing my best.

It took a while longer, but we finally got her. The small Indian girl spasmed and twisted as Oreo tried to keep her quiet with her cushy paw. If helping Asha cook breakfast meant that we would get this kind of sex, I wouldn't mind helping whenever I could.

Once she calmed down a little, I helped Asha get down the countertop, but she had trouble standing up on those wobbly legs.

"Asha, you might want to put some clothes on now so we can start working before Lucy scolds us."

"Mmm… Yeah… I might have to do that. Oh… I'll put those on!"

Before I could even react, Asha grabbed my black panties from the floor and stepped into them.

"Aaah! Nooo! Asha! I wore those for Oreo! They are her favorite."

"Haha. I'm sure Oreo prefers you not wearing panties. Right, Oreo?"

Oreo, sitting cross-legged on top of the kitchen island, nodded and danced a bit as a sign of approval, which made me turn all red.

"Nooo! Give me back my panties."

"No. Oreo just said they were mine now."

"She didn't say anything like that! Ashaaa!"

And then our little fight came to an abrupt end when Lucy stepped into the kitchen, obviously unhappy about our behavior.

"What is going on here? Why are you two fighting? And OREO! What in the world are you doing sitting on the kitchen island? We are cooking food on it, you know. Get off it right now! Do you see Clara or Asha sitting on it? No, you don't! Because they know how to behave. And that just earned you a red collar until it's feeding time."

Oreo desperately tried to point at Asha and me and gesticulated about the unfairness of the situation, but it didn't work at all. Of course, as heartbreaking as it was, Asha and I didn't feel like getting punished, so it was better to remain silent so as not to incriminate ourselves. Oreo was used to the red collar anyway; she could take this bullet for us.

"Asha. Go dress up now and do what I asked you to do. Show me that you are taking this new job seriously."

"Yes, yes. I was about to.

"And you Clara, why are you so red? Stop pulling down on your skirt like a child and help me prepare the food bottles for the pets."

"Y… yes."

I really wanted my panties back. Right now, it wasn't so bad, but when I would have to sit down to feed the pets, later on, I would certainly have to make sure to keep my legs closed.

---

"No, no, no, and no! Lucy! That will never work!"

"What do you mean, Asha? I worked hard to create that menu."

"It's more generic than the most boring fast-food around here. That's not what your customers would like to eat!"

"Come on, Asha. Everybody eats eggs, sausages, bread, and pancakes in the morning. What's wrong with that?"

"The ingredients are not the problem. It's the delivery."

"The delivery?"

"Yes… Look here… it says, "Breakfast burrito." That's not right?"

"Well, I'm not sure what the problem is. It's my favorite item on the menu. I thought it was special. What's wrong with it?"

"THE NAME!"

While I watched the incomprehensible spectacle offered by Asha when she reviewed the new breakfast menu and lost her shit, I was silently siding with Lucy on that one. I loved breakfast burritos, and I didn't want Asha to remove it from the list, at least not until she managed to articulate why she was so refractory to the idea.

"Stop yelling, young lady, and use words."

"It's NOT cute!"

"Cute? How do you want a breakfast burrito to look cute? It's not a kitten. It's a burrito."

"Well, it's the best item on the menu, so it should be called an Asha-roll!"

"..."

"..."

Not only Lucy and I looked at each other to communicate our uncertainty about this very pet-like idea, but all the petgirls who were observing us in the kitchen did the same. Savannah, Meeka, Oreo, Misti, and Vix were as puzzled as we were, even though they couldn't talk because of their tight masks.

But Asha thought it was the best idea in the world, and in the face of our lack of enthusiasm, she decided to get approval from somewhere else.

"Aaah! You don't get it! Give me one sec. I'll prove to you that I'm right."

She pulled out her cell phone from her pocket and called someone; I had a slight idea of who it could be. I only knew one person who could ingest an unlimited amount of food despite her small size, a particularly overactive white rabbit.

"Hello?"

"Hey Trix, it's Asha."

"Aaaah! Mmm… What do you want? I'm busy having sex with Accalia."

"Sshhh! You are on speakerphone, and Lucy can hear you."

"But… She is wearing her nurse uniform, and she is… nursing me."

I could see Lucy just shaking her head while pinching the bridge of her nose. Trixie would never change. Give her an opportunity to get in bed with someone, and she wouldn't miss it, even more so if it were a sexy nurse. In her defense, since she broke her arm, she was bored at home and only had her friends cheer her up. And a sexy Accalia wearing a nurse's uniform was probably the best thing she had while her friends were all having fun working at the café. Her cast was supposed to come off soon, but in the meantime, nobody could blame her for distracting herself in any way she could.

But for now, Asha needed her friend's innate ability to love food.

"Trix, we have a question for you. If we were to give you a choice this morning between a breakfast burrito or an Asha-roll, which one would you choose?"

"Oh, I have no clue what an Asha-roll is, but I'll take five of those."

"And what does Accalia want?"

"She can't talk right now because she is diagnosing me down there with her mouth, but she showed me two fingers, so two Asha-rolls for her."

"Trixie! I said Lucy was listening!"

"Aaah! Accalia! Don't nibble so hard! ... I'll squirt on your face!"

Asha preferred to hang up at that point. It couldn't be helped. Trixie just couldn't stop being Trixie. But on the other hand, Asha had heard what she wanted to hear and at the same time had proved her point. Thematic food was more than likely going to be more attractive to petgirl lovers than regularly named food.

Lucy rubbed her face with her hands for a moment, trying to think about her next step. Her pets were biased beyond reason, she knew that, but they were also the ones dealing with the clients and knew what they liked the most. So she turned to the groups of silent rubber pets staring at the whole scene and asked for their creative input.

"So, if you think naming the breakfast items after the pets is a good idea, just raise your paw."

It took a moment, but cushy paws started raising. Vix was the first one, followed by Misti and Oreo, and then Meeka. Savannah, of course, did everything Meeka did, so she raised her paw right after hers. I didn't think that Kitty girl was very interested in anything other than cuddling with her raccoon friends.

Lucy sighed and decided to roll with it. She placed her hand on top of Asha's head.

"Alright, little lady. You win. You and Clara come up with your names for the food, and you show that to me later when you are ready. I have to feed the pets now. Come, everyone. We are going to the lounge."

"Yaaay! Come, Clara! I have so many ideas!"

As Lucy led her rubber pets out of the kitchen, Asha wrapped her arms around mine and pulled me aside. Apparently, we would have to spend some creative time together.

If I did a good job at helping her, maybe she would give me back my panties.
