---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bad Bargain 2
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M-f
- F-m
- majick
- transform
- bodyswap
- bond
- bdsm
- spank
- tease
- revenge
- oral
- sex
- climax
- reluct-cons
- X
date: 2007-12-31 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Bad Bargain**](bad_bargain.html))

“May I help you?”

Startled, Janet nearly dropped the delicate figurine she’d been examining.  Placing it quickly, but very carefully back on the shelf, she turned.
“I-I’m sorry,” she stammered.  “I-I didn’t mean to intrude.”

For a moment, the man in the worn black robe simply gazed at her, then a warm smile softened the planes of his face. “No intrusion at all,” he said, spreading his arms in welcome.  “This is, after all, my shop, and what are shops without customers?”

“B-but I wasn’t going to buy anything,” Janet said softly.  “I’m not really sure why I even came in.  I’m wasting your time.  I-I’ll leave now.”  She turned to go, only to stop as she felt a gentle hand on her shoulder.

“I know you weren’t going to buy,” the man said, “but that doesn’t mean you can’t take something home with you.”  So saying, he placed a small vial in Janet’s hand.

“W-what is it?” Janet asked nervously.

“Something that will make your life much better,” the man replied, then looked deep into Janet’s eyes.  “When  you fix supper tonight, place the contents of this vial into the food.”

“Into the food,” she replied, tucking the vial into her purse and slipping out the door.  Behind her, the man smiled.  Janet didn’t know it yet, but her life was about to change.

That evening, Janet served supper nervously.  Bob, her husband, was very picky about his food, and the last thing she wanted was another beating because her cooking didn’t please him.  These days, it seemed he beat her for just about anything, and she wasn’t sure how much more punishment her body could take. To her relief, Bob dug in heartily, quickly cleaning his plate and demanding more.  The second plate vanished almost as quickly, as Janet quietly ate her portion of the surprisingly tasty food.

“Damn, woman,” Bob remarked as he pushed back from the table, “that was the best food you’ve ever cooked.  Why can’t you cook like that every night?”

“I-I’m glad you enjoyed it, Dear,” Janet replied.  She saw him frown at her stammering, but she couldn’t help it.  Long ago, fear had stolen control of her voice, fear of her husband’s anger.

With another frown, Bob rose and moved to the living room to watch TV.  Janet began cleaning up from supper, barely finishing before he called her to bed.  Janet glanced at the clock in confusion.  He never went to bed this early, especially on a Friday night.  Afraid to anger him, she hurried to the bedroom. Inside, Bob ordered her to strip.  Once naked, he used her, quickly and brutally, afterwards rolling over and falling asleep.  Careful not to waken him, Janet slipped from the bed.

In the bathroom, Janet examined herself in the mirror.  She knew she was pretty, with her long legs, trim waist, and full breasts.  Carefully, favoring the soreness between her legs, she examined herself for bruises.  As her hands brushed over her breasts, she thought longingly of how gentle and loving Bob’s touch had been before they married.  Then, they had been lovers.  Now, she felt more like a slave.  With a sigh, she returned to bed.

Next morning, Bob woke feeling a bit odd.  Though he lay on his back, like always, his waist felt slightly higher.  Also, some kind of weight seemed to be pressing down on his chest.  Worst of all, though, was the wave of soft brown hair draped over his face. With a silent growl, he brushed the hair from his face, turning toward his wife to chastise her for being so careless.  The bed beside him, though, was empty.  Puzzled, he sat up, feeling that strange weight shift on his chest.  He glanced down, just as the covers slipped down to pool at his waist.

His bellow of surprise came out more like a scream, high pitched and piercing.  He had tits!  Stunned, he reached to touch them, only then noticing his slender arms and delicate hands.  Shoving the covers aside, he stared, dumbstruck, at long, tapering legs.  A sudden thought sent his hands darting between his legs, where he found only a soft, hair covered slit.

“Janet!”  The voice that emerged was familiar.  It was Janet’s voice.  But why was it coming from his mouth?  A soft step at the bathroom door brought his head around, his mouth opening in shock as he saw himself standing there staring back.

“What is going on here?” he demanded, silently cursing the way his new voice softened the words.

“I-I don’t know.”  The voice was his, but the manner of speech was definitely Janet’s.  Somehow, impossibly, she was wearing his body.  Which meant he......

Bob jumped from the bed and staggered to the bathroom, unused to the strange ways this body moved.  Standing before the mirror, he stared in shock at the firm body and lovely face of his wife.  Stunned, he staggered back through the door, staring at his body, which had moved to the far side of the room.

“You!” he almost shouted.  “You did this somehow.  Change us back right now.”

“I-I can’t,” was the fearful sounding reply.  “I-I d-don’t know what happened, and I d-don’t k-know how to ch-change us back.”

“You can, and you will,” Bob growled, moving toward the figure before him.  Raising his hand, he slashed it downward in a viscious slap.  To his surprise, the figure before him moved swiftly, catching his hand in mid air.  A quick twist to his arm spun him, his hand now at his back.  His other hand quickly joined the first, held helpless in a powerful grasp.

“Not this time,” His voice, sounding from behind him, sounded more sure.  “Not ever again.”

“Let me go right now,” he demanded, “or I’ll beat you to a pulp.”

“I don’t think so.”  As Bob struggled to pull free, he heard a drawer open, then something soft wrapped around his wrists, quickly drawing tight.  The hand holding him let go, and he tugged uselessly at his now securely bound hands.

“What are you doing?” he asked, suddenly feeling nervous as strong hands spun him to face his wife.  His wife in his body, who now had him helpless.

“It’s called revenge, Dear,” she replied.  “I have no idea how this happened, and I don’t know how long it will last.  Once it’s over, you may want to beat me to death, but until then, you’re the helpless one, and I’m in charge.  And I believe you need to be punished.”

Sitting, Janet drew her husband down across her knees.  Aware of her now greater strength, her first swats were almost gentle, gradually increasing in power until tears started from Bob’s eyes with each resounding smack.  Once satisfied with the redness of her husband’s ass, She rolled him off her lap.  Bob lay in a heap on the floor, unable to resist as Janet bent and began to re-arrange his bondage.

\* \* \*

“You missed a spot.”

With a sigh, Bob turned the sweeper toward the indicated area.  He pushed the sweeper forward, then winced.  His bonds made any sudden movement risky.  Janet had wrapped a long stocking around his now trim waist, tying it off in back.  The stocking was then drawn between his legs and under the part across his belly.  A second, shorter stocking was tied to the end, its other end binding his hands together.  Any movement that drew his hands away from his belly caused the stocking to dig into his crotch.

“I do believe you’re enjoying this,” Janet remarked.  Bob hung his head, wanting to deny her words.  But the wetness between his legs, as well as the strange feelings within him, proved her right.

When the sweeping was finished, Janet rose and stood behind him.  Bob gasped as something warm and hard slipped between his thighs.  He knew without looking that it was his own cock, knew he should move away.  But with the stimulation he’d already endured, it just felt too good.  A soft moan escaped his lips, and he found himself pressing his ass backward, as if asking for more.

Janet stepped back, smiling as Bob moaned his frustration.  “Not yet, Dear,” she teased.  “I think you need to simmer a bit more.  Now go mop the kitchen floor.”

For the rest of the day, Bob did any chore Janet commanded, all the while growing more aroused by the crotch rope.  That evening, conceding to his lack of skill, Janet prepared supper, feeding it to him as he sat beside her.  After eating, they moved to the living room, only to find a man in a black robe watching them.

“Who are you?”  Bob instintively moved to cover himself, halting only when the crotch rope dug into his crotch.  With a smile, the man turned toward Janet, who stared in shocked recognition.

“I see you have things well in hand,” he said, glancing toward Bob.  “I’m impressed.”

“How did this happen?” Janet asked.

The man smiled again.  “The vial I gave you contained a very special potion.  When you both ate it, it caused you to exchange bodies overnight.”

“But why?” Bob asked, wincing as the man turned toward him.

“Because you,” came the cold reply, “are a fool.  You have a beautiful, loving wife, and all you can do is abuse her.  Well, now the tables are turned, and you are the weak one.  You’re just lucky so far that she’s not as violent as you.”

“Is this permenant?” Janet asked.

“Oh, no,” was the reply.  “When you wake on Monday morning, you’ll be back in your own bodies.”  A sharp glance froze Bob, who had begun to grin at the words.  “From Monday through Friday, you will be your old selves.  Each Saturday morning, though, you will swap bodies for the weekend, no matter how far apart you are.”

“Every weekend?” Bob asked, stunned.

“Every single weekend,” came the reply.  “So I would suggest you consider changing how you treat your lovely wife during the week.  You can’t do her any real harm now; the potion prevents that.  But whatever you do to her, she can, and hopefully, will, repay over the weekend.”

For a moment, Bob simply stared.  Then his head dropped. “I can’t be a woman,” he sobbed.  “I just can’t.”

“I’m afraid you have no choice in the matter.  And now I think I’ll leave you to enjoy the fruits of what you have wrought.”  With that, the man vanished.

Later that evening, Bob watched nervously as Janet tied the final knot.  Bound spread eagle on the bed, he could only watch helplessly as Janet slipped onto the matress beside him, her head hovering over his crotch.  Slowly, she lowered her head, and then Bob’s body jumped as he felt her tongue brush against his pussy.

“Mmmm,” Janet murmered.  “I’ve never tasted another woman, and certainly not myself.  But you know what?  I think I could learn to enjoy it.”  With that, she began running her tongue over the pussy below her, slowly working it inside.

Helplessly, Bob began to moan and writhe as she drove him almost to release.  But she knew this body, knew the signs of approaching orgasm, and stopped before sending him over the edge.  Again and again she worked him, until he lay twitching uncontrollably in his bonds, loud moans and gasps proclaiming his need.  Smiling, Janet turned to poise herself over him.

“I think you’re ready now,” she said softly, lowering herself until her cock brushed against his pussy.  “Ready for your first orgasm as a woman.”  With those words, she drove into him, then began to thrust slowly.  Already overloaded with sensation, his body began to spasm wildly, pushing up against the body driving into him.  Finally, with a long, loud moan, he climaxed.  His body tensed, clenching tightly around the cock now pouring its seed deep within him.  After a seemingly endless series of waves, the orgasm faded slowly, leaving him limp in his bonds.

Quicky, gently, Janet released him, then slipped onto the bed beside him, drawing him against her now strong chest.  Exhausted by the strength of his orgasm, Bob slipped quickly into sleep, having time for only one thought: It was going to be a long weekend, every weekend.

Meanwhile, in a small shop across town, Charles Wendt, resident wizard, smiled at yet another job well done.
