---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Thanks, Miss Laughton 2: Salvation'
authors:
- Daviddrb6
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- gag
- captive
- tease
- torment
- video
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2013-02-03 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Thanks, Miss Laughton**](thanksmisslaughton.html))

story continues from [part one](thanksmisslaughton2.html)

**Part 2: Salvation**

THE STORY SO FAR: Sarah Laughton, a schoolteacher in her mid-thirties, has been imprisoned in her own home by Tommy Swan, a former pupil, who has a crush on her. Wanting to avoid a scandal Sarah reluctantly agrees to co-operate with him in bondage sessions. However the stress and fear has caused Sarah to break down and she can no longer fight against Tommy's intentions.

\* \* \*

Sarah lay on her bed; still in her bikini. Tommy had stripped off the covers before tying her spreadeagled to the bed. He'd then taped her mouth. Sarah hadn't struggled or protested. She felt numb and had decided she would wait for Tommy to do what he wanted to her. She felt like the heroine in "House of Wax": strapped into the wax machine and waiting for the wax to be poured on her. She remembered been strangely excited by that scene. Maybe she did have a kink in her which Tommy was exploiting?

Sarah moaned through the tape as Tommy stood over her with his camera. He was still wearing his trunks and Sarah looked at his taut torso and thought of it against hers. She wanted Tommy and felt she was his slave now.

She looked up at him as he photographed her; her eyes wide open and her curls splayed around her head. "Oh God, let me go", she thought but she knew it wouldn't happen and her vagina felt tender with the thought that was what happening to her was a form of rape. Tommy's camera was prying into her; exposing her vulnerability. She no longer felt like Sarah Laughton: schoolteacher, but Sarah Laughton: helpless victim.

Sarah moaned and turned her head from side to side. She wasn't going to cry again. She'd shown Tommy how weak she was and she felt she had to be strong now. There were tears in her eyes though and when Tommy photographed her face she was sure he could see them glistening.

Tommy took more photographs of her and Sarah struggled against the ropes, her hands clenching and unclenching as though they would break her bonds. She bent her legs and arched her back, continually moaning through the tape. She no longer felt in control of her body now and with her voice silenced she couldn't scream or cry out.

She looked towards the windows facing her bed. There had been a bright orange sunset when Tommy had closed the curtains and put the lights on. Sarah wondered if it would be the last sunset she would see. She felt that by tomorrow Tommy would have killed and buried her. Sarah looked up at Tommy as he took a head and shoulders shot of her. He photographed her lengthwise down to her thighs and then her whole body lay out on the bed. At times Tommy would lift Sarah's head up and spread out her curls so that her hair was displayed around her shoulders and poking out underneath her back. Sarah looked at him: wanting to tell him to stop.

"I like your expression Miss," Tommy told her. "You really do look terrified and helpless."

Sarah gave a hiccuping laugh into the tape. How ironic she thought.

She saw Tommy drag out the cabinet from next to her bed and place up the camera, now on it's mini tripod, on it. She watched him adjust it's position through the monitor and guessed he'd switched on the video mode. "Just wanted to be sure you were in shot, Miss", he told her. He then went to the foot of the bed and looking up at her began to massage her legs.

Sarah whimpered into her gag and raised her head as Tommy said: "You really do have a beautiful body, Miss". His hands gently coiled round her legs and ran up to her knees which he gently rubbed. His hands ran back down to her feet and he took a foot in each hand. Sarah moaned as Tommy gently took her left foot into his mouth. She felt his tongue lick her toes as she wriggled them in his mouth. She thought of kicking him but his hold on her foot was too strong.

Sarah felt Tommy's tongue on her bare sole. Then she felt him take her right foot in his mouth and lick it too. She groaned loudly, not caring that it was muffled. It was the only way she could express her bewilderment and fear.

She felt Tommy's hands move up her legs again. She raised her head and saw them run over her knees and on to her thighs. With his thumbs he stroked the front of her bikini bottoms and Sarah felt her vagina start to tingle. She panted through her gag as she Tommy slip his hand inside the pants and moaned again as his fingers touched and felt her clitoris. She felt herself being entered and the smell of semen entered her nostrils. Her thighs felt moist and her mouth was full of saliva. Suddenly Sarah wanted Tommy to make love to her. She wanted to hold his body tightly next to hers. Her other boyfriends, Kris and Rori, had been friendly but they hadn't had the dangerous excitement that this teenage boy generated.

Tommy was gently rubbing the front of her bikini bottoms and Sarah writhed in her sensual torture. She felt she was going to climax but then Tommy stopped and she felt his hands run back down her legs to her feet. He'd teased her again; leaving her frustrated and anxious about when he would take her to the climax.

Sarah lay on the bed and panted into her gag. Tommy came along side and peeled off the tape. She opened her mouth and gasped in air; her breasts rising and falling frantically. Her hands wriggled against her bonds and as she moved on the bed she felt the dampness between her legs.

"Tommy," she whispered, "You wonderful ... wonderful - bastard!"

\* \* \*

When Tommy had finished he untied her and Sarah lay back on the bed and stretched. She felt used to the ropes now, and their texture was soft so they didn't dig into her skin. She wondered what else Tommy had for her.

She looked at him and saw he was photographing her again and groaned. "Can't you leave it for a moment Tommy?".

"No Miss", Tommy said. "You looked gorgeous on the bed just now that I wanted to get a picture of you".

"Maybe I should have been a model then?" Sarah said sarcastically.

"Yes you should have been", Tommy answered: "Swimwear and lingerie", he added brightly.

"Ha, ha!" Sarah said wearily.

When he'd finished Tommy began checking the pictures he'd taken. Sarah got off the bed and went over to her wardrobe which had a full-length mirror. She looked at herself. Her breasts pressed aganst the bikini tops and the bottoms fitted snugly round her thighs. There was no fat on her. Her body was firm and smooth and her brown curls helped heighten her beauty.

Sarah moved closer to the mirror and looked at her face. Her large, brown eyes could be intense but they were also sensitive. Her mouth was strong but soft as well and she noticed her highforehead and prominent cheekbones. She smiled and realised how lovely it was. Her face was smooth and unlined and had a classical beauty to it.

Sarah stepped back and looked at her bikini clad body again. She was beautiful.

She saw Tommy appear in the mirror and slip his strong arms around her waist. She leaned back against him and felt a thrill run through her body. "Why have you done this to me?" she asked gently.

"Because you don't know who you really are," Tommy answered; hugging her. "Because you don't know that not only are you beautiful you're also a good person. I know how you always helped us in school: even idiots like Wasket and Curran and Smith who were just too thick anyway. You're a kind person and the times I saw you upset I felt sorry for you."

Sarah remembered overseeing an exam Tommy was doing. She and Kris had stopped seeing each other and sitting alone in the slient room with the pupils at their desks writing, her loneliness had suddenly overwhelmed her. She'd got up and gone to the window. The weather that day had been cold and overcast. It hadn't helped her mood but at least she felt nature was sharing her misery. The tears had come down her face and she'd felt ashamed crumbling in front of her pupils. She'd quickly wiped her face and turning, had seen Tommy looking at her: his expression curious and then pitying. They'd looked at one another for a moment then Tommy had raised his hand and asked her for a pen as his had run out. Sarah had provided him with a spare only to find out later that his pen had worked after all.

Sarah turned round in his arms and looked at Tommy. Even though they were both wearing swimsuits she felt he was strong and she was vulnerable "I don't want you to feel sorry for me Tommy," she told him. "I just want you to finish what you want to do to me and go!"

"No I won't Miss," Tommy answered firmly, surprising Sarah. "I knew it was a crush but then I started to fall seriously in love with you. I knew it was wrong and I once I'd left school I told myself that I would keep away from you. There were times though when when I'd go to the school and wait outside hoping to catch a glance at you. And when I got the driving job working with Home Shopping and you became a customer then I couldn't keep away."

"And so your schoolboy crush turned into a bondage fantasy" Sarah retorted.

"It's difficult when you see your English teacher doubling up as a hockey and swimming teacher!" Tommy replied smiling.

Sarah remembered herself in the school swimming pool; climbing out with her tight one-piece swimsuit dripping wet and her hair slicked back. The boys were sitting on the benches, staring at her, and she'd felt exposed to them. Silly, she'd thought then, none of them's going to rape me!

Well, one of them's done it now, she thought to yourself.

"So why strip and tie me up?" she asked.

Tommy smiled again. "I wanted to see what you looked like tied up", he said.

Sarah pulled herself away from Tommy and sat down on the bed. "I hate you for what you've done to me." She told him. "You've hurt me and you promised you wouldn't do that. You've hurt me because - because you've made me realise how my life is slipping away and all I'll have at the end of it is: "Thank you for your hard work" before being pushed out the door. You've shown me to be an empty woman with nothing else to live for once my work's done. I'll be alone and have no life of my own!"

Sarah looked at Tommy and shouted: "I'm just a bloody lonely woman!" She started crying and felt humiliated again. This time she'd done it herself. She looked round for her tissues and found Tommy holding out the box to her. She took one and wiped her eyes.

"You can hurt me too!" Tommy said.

"How?" Sarah sniffed. She took another tissue and as she blew her nose she saw Tommy slip off his trunks and stand naked before her. "You can do whatever you like," he told her. "This way you're paying me back in kind."

Sarah stared at his erect penis pointing at her. She felt nauseated. "No Tommy," she said, shaking her head. "I don't want to do it!"

"Are you frightened of sex, Miss," Tommy asked sharply. "Is that why you're alone?"

"This isn't the way," Sarah said. "It's not "Tit for Tat"".

Tommy came up to her and and held her. "Please Miss, it's only fair you should hurt me," he said.

Sarah looked at his penis. She slid off the bed and onto her knees. She looked up at Tommy and felt she was worshipping a pagan god. He was a god, she thought with his taut body and angelic features. Sarah suddenly realised how beautiful Tommy was and that she wanted to taste him.

Sarah closed her mouth around Tommy's penis.

It filled her mouth and her lips pressed round and massaged Tommy's manhood. Her tongue rubbed it's rounded tip and she felt it's semen start to mix with her spittle. She heard Tommy gasp and she grabbed his thighs tightly with her hands. She wasn't going to let him go. Her excitement rose and she gorged on his penis. It would climax and she would taste a man again after a long time.

No, she thought, he's just a boy. Her joyful moans gave way to panicky whimperings and Sarah pushed herself away from Tommy, choking on the semen she'd swallowed and gasping for air. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and got to her feet. Tommy looked bewildered at her but before he could say anything, Sarah had clamped his mouth on his. She held Tommy tightly and their mouths responded, moving frantically. She tasted his tongue and spittle. His penis pressed against her thighs and she felt her nipples become erect inside the bikini cups. She ran her hands down to his buttocks. They were taut like the rest of his body and she groped them tightly. He moaned so Sarah groped them again, digging her nails into the cheeks. She felt Tommy's hands undo the string of her bikini top behind her. Sarah moved away from him and the top fell to the floor. She was now wearing only her bikini bottoms. She felt her exposed nipples itch.

Sarah and Tommy stared at one another. Sarah panted and felt flushed. Her heart was beating rapidly. She undid the strings of the bottoms and let them fall away so that she was naked too. Tommy moved towards her and she let him take her in his arms. She rested her head against his chest and felt warm and safe. She wondered if this was an example of the Stockholm Syndrome she'd heard about?

"What happens now?" she asked softly.

"Mad scientist?" Tommy asked.

\* \* \*

Sarah laid herself out on the bed and Tommy bound her wrists and ankles so she was spreadeagled again. The light from the lattice shade shone down on her and she saw how dirty it was. I must clean it sometime she thought.

Tommy moved round the bed and photographed her from different postions again. He then put on her large, white dressing gown and turn up the collar so that it looked like a doctor's smock. He also put on her industrial face mask which she sometimes wore for cleaning. It had a cotton pad that covered the lower part of the face. Finally he pulled on a pair of latex gloves which she kept in a box in the bathroom cupboard.

Sarah knew they were ready now.

She looked at the camera which Tommy had set up on the cabinet again, facing her. She writhed on the bed as Tommy stood over her. "Please, what are you doing?" she asked.

Tommy began to run his hands up her around her feet and up her legs again and Sarah felt a tingle throughout her as they curled round her toes, calves, knees and leg muscles; slowly making their way up to her midriff. "I need a schoolteacher to experiment on", Tommy said through the mask. His voice was muffled and Sarah couldn't help but smile slightly. She'd always found the mask cumbersome. She stopped smiling and resumed the role of the terrified victim. "Why, I haven't done anything to hurt you?" she said.

"I've heard about you," Tommy said, his hands caressing her thighs. "You're beautiful, intelligent: just what I need for my experiment. I will subject you to my android who will turn you into the perfect, sexual being!"

"No, no. Please don't!" Sarah exclaimed. Just get on with it, she thought.

She felt Tommy's gloved hand slip inside her and once again she felt tense and excited. Go on, she thought, go on. Her breathing increased and she felt her hands and feet coil against their ropes. She glanced at the camera which was once again recording her. This time though she was enjoying her torture and she could sense that Tommy was going to finish it.

Sarah felt a painful yet tingling sensation which increased. Finally she climaxed, releasing a loud, pleasurable moan. Sarah shuddered and felt Tommy's hands move onto her stomach. She cried out as he felt him dig his finger into her belly button. Her body was racked by what felt like electrical shocks running up and down it. Her breathing was frantic now and she tried to call out Tommy's name but it only came out as a breathless "Taarrrrr ... ". Now she felt his hands fondle her breasts; pinching her nipples so they became firm. Sarah twisted her head into the mattress and grunted and moaned.

"No ... no ...!" she whispered. "Not a ... not a schoolteacher ... schoolteacher!"

Sarah felt Tommy's hands draw away from her and heard him say: "Now you are completely in my power. You will do whatever I want." She looked up and saw Tommy going out of the room. She let herself go limp on the bed and panted. She felt her whole body was hot and sweaty. She also felt her vagina throb from being manipulated. She looked at the camera again and struggled. "Help," she called to the camera. "Somebody help me please!"

Sarah then stretched and flexed against the ropes. She didn't want cramp setting in. It would spoil Tommy's fantasy and also the pleasure she was experiencing.

Sarah heard Tommy moving about in the bathroom, bottles clattering on the worktop. She thought of calling out to him but decided not to. She writhed on the bed, pretending to be the mad scientist's victim again.

Tommy came back into the bedroom. Sarah saw he was naked and his whole body had a smooth sheen on it that relected the light. He must have put oil on himself she thought. His hair was slicked back and he was walking stiffly; like the robot he was pretending to be. He turned to face her and Sarah saw his erect penis glistened as well. Then she saw he was wearing a condom.

Sarah smiled. "Oh Tommy", she whispered.

Tommy lay down on top of her. His hands went round her shoulders and Sarah felt herself relaxing. This was what Tommy's sessions had led up to. "Tommy, have you done this before?" she asked.

He smiled. "Yes, Miss. With Justine Waterhouse in the school changing rooms after swimming one night. The floor was cold so we laid our towels on the floor. It was her first time too." He kissed Sarah on her forehead and asked: "What about you, Miss."

"Oh I've got the edge over you," Sarah said, smiling.

Tommy entered her. As they moved together Sarah felt her body become tense. Her excitement rose. When she climaxed she gasped: "Tommy, Tommy. Untie me please!" she writhed and twisted as Tommy untied her and when she was free she pulled him onto her again and held him tightly. She didn't want to let him. They made love again and afterwards, Sarah fell asleep with her head on Tommy's chest.

\* \* \*

Sarah awoke and felt Tommy's arm around her shoulders. She felt refreshed and relaxed; not just from the sleep but also from the sheer pleasure she'd experienced. She kissed him on his chest and down to his stomach. His penis twitched at her, released from it's condom.

Sarah stroked his hair and the gel got on to her hand. Smiling she wiped her hand on Tommy's stomach and kissed his forehead. She then nuzzled his ear and he awoke.

"Tell me Tommy," she asked, "When did you become interested in bondage?"

"Why do you want to know?" Tommy asked.

"See it as your homework," Sarah teased. "If you tell me I'll reward you with a kiss."

Tommy smiled and stretched and Sarah couldn't resist running her hand down his front as he did so. "My dad liked cartoons: "Tom and Jerry"; "Bugs Bunny"; "Dastardly and Muttley"; One he had on tape was: "The Perils of Penelope Pitstop". It was all about this girl who was being continually kidnapped and tied up by a villian called: "The Hooded Claw". " He smiled at her. "You could tell he was the baddie. He wore a broad, brimmed hat; a mask and a cloak."

"Things were very simple then," Sarah commented.

"She was always being tied up and placed in perilous situations," Tommy went on. "She was tied up in a saw mill once. Another was when she was tied to the hands of Big Ben. What I found strange was that I was always excited seeing her tied up. It was the feeling of being helpless and at someone's mercy. Do you remember the old "True Detective" magazines?"

Sarah shook her head.

"They were magazines about crime stories." Tommy explained. "Their covers always had women tied up and threatened. The magazines are still around but they don't have that type of cover anymore: censorship put an end to them I think, but those covers lasted for about - sixty years. I found copies of them on market stalls and specialist shops and there are also sites devoted to them on the internet."

"And that got you interested?" Sarah asked. She realised her hand had been moving towards his penis. She pulled it back.

"The models on those covers were beautiful like you, Miss," Tommy answered. "And you know how I always liked swimming and keeping myself fit. Everytime I looked at myself in the mirror I thought about what it would be like tied up. It gave me a hard on. So, I started tying myself up: first with string and then with rope. I found out that are different types of rope. If it's too rough then it can leave rope burns."

"So, having tied yourself up you decided to tie me up then?" Sarah asked.

"No Miss, there are other people who practice bondage and get their kicks out of it," Tommy said. "There's men who've tied me up and have let me tie them up. It's easier to tie up men rather than women. They make more willing bondage partners. Mind you, there is a Polish woman I know who does bondage too. Her name's Maria."

"Do you tie up Maria?" Sarah asked.

"Yes Miss, and she ties me up too. She likes to masturbate me when I'm tied up. She says the penis is the man's Achilles heel." Tommy answered, smiling.

Sarah smiled and kissed him on the mouth. She then kissed his cheeks and his forehead. "Was that for doing my homework properly?" Tommy asked, smiling.

"Those were house points," Sarah answered. She kissed him again and asked: "Do your parents know about your bondage - interests." She hesitated to say "fetish".

She saw Tommy's expression become serious. He looked up at the ceiling and said: "My dad's dead!."

"Oh Tommy, I didn't realise. What happened?"

"Heart attack: two years ago," Tommy replied flatly.

"So - so there's just you and your mother?" Sarah asked.

"I don't have her either." Tommy answered. "She had a nervous breakdown soon after dad died and she was put in a home. They were very close to one another. I visit her everyday. Some days she recognises me; others she's in a world of her own. I had to sell the house. I got a lot of money for it but it's no consolation."

Sarah took Tommy's face in her hands. "Oh Tommy I'm so sorry,". She wanted to protect him. I'll look after you Tommy, she thought, and you can do whatever you want to me. She said: "Tommy, if you need any help come to me and I'll do what I can."

Tommy looked back at her. "Thanks, Miss Laughton, but there are other people more deserving of your help than me", he told her.

Sarah put her face close to his. "It still stands," she said softly. "And call me Sarah. You know that's my name."

"Yes, Miss" Tommy grinned.

"Now you're being cheeky," Sarah said. "There's only one thing for you!"

"Is it detention, Miss?" Tommy asked, still grinning.

Sarah reached for his firm penis. "Your friend, Maria, said this was the man's Achilles heel. I want to see for myself!" She grasped Tommy's penis and began to move it up and down. She manipulated his penis slowly and thought of taking it in her mouth again. Tommy stiffened and he flexed his head and shoulders; letting out a pleasurable moan. Sarah scratched his swollen manhood with one of her fingernails and began to move it faster. She felt pleased that she was subjecting Tommy to the same torture she'd suffered.

Tommy's body stiffened and his breathing increased. Sarah felt his body jerk and at the same time semen ran into her closed hand around his penis. She licked the substance then wiped her hand on his stomach. Tommy stretched his body and Sarah ran her hands along his torso as he did so. She climbed on top of him; feeling her thighs brush against his still sticky penis. She kissed him on the mouth and he responded. Their bodies moved against each other and as they tasted each other's mouths and tongues, Tommy rolled Sarah onto her back and she wrapped her arms and legs around him. She no longer cared about the age difference between them.

\* \* \*

Sarah looked out the window. The sun had gone and a late October gale blew round the house. It was dark outside and the the orange street lamps illuminated the rain splashing heavily into the puddles. It made her depressed now that she was back at school.

Sarah's eyes were tired and sore and her mouth was dry. Her head slumped forward on to her chest. She'd work to prepare for the book set for study: "Jane Eyre" for next Monday but she felt very tired. She'd fallen asleep for several minutes over her laptop earlier on. Maybe she would just go to bed and tackle it over the weekend when she was rested. She turned to her laptop and was about to switch it off when it said in a smooth, female voice: "You have e-mail."

Junk, she thought, but decided to check it anyway. She accessed her mailbox and a message came up saying:

"To Sarah, please access http://www.peril parlor.net/damselsindistress/larar./ This is not junk, spam or a virus. Hope you find it interesting. Best Wishes. Maria".

Sarah stared at the message. She didn't know anyone called Maria. She looked at the message again and thought of the bondage sites she'd started to access on the internet. One: "The Games Room", had featured portfolios of models helplessly bound and in perilous postions. Sarah had downloaded several and had studied the women looking helplessly into the camera as they were tortured. She'd wondered whether she had looked like them to Tommy.

Sarah clicked on the link. It downloaded to a screen which had a black banner and in yellow gothic type announced:

"PERIL PARLOR"

"COME AND MEET OUR DAMSELS IN DISTRESS"

The in blue Edwardian script it announced above a picture of a woman with brown curls in a red bikini with her legs drawn up on a sofa who was bound and gagged:

"COME AND MEET OUR NEW DAMSEL IN DISTRESS"

"LAURA R"

The woman was her!

"Oh no," Sarah whimpered. "Oh no!"

Her image stared back at her: terrifed yet beautiful. The ropes emphasised her breasts; her smooth, slim figure and the bikini made her look sexy. Underneath were thumbnail images of her hogtied on her bed and bound to both the radiator and the ladder. "Click Here to see Laura's Other Perils" a heading announced. There was also a thumbnail of her tied spreadeagled to the bed in the bikini and with her mouth taped which announced: "See Laura's Mad Scientist Perils".

Sarah clicked on the image and it brought up the thumbnails. There she was lying on the bed; writhing and twisting against her ropes, her hair spread out and looking tearfully into the camera. There were also thumbnails of her still tied to the bed but now naked. She saw Tommy's latex-gloved hands sliding up her body; entering her and bringing her to her long awaited climax. There were the videos as well and Sarah clicked on them: hearing her gasps and cries.

Sarah paused the video and looked at her face: eyes and mouth open as she climaxed. She covered her face and felt she was ruined. The pictures and videos Tommy had taken of her were now on the internet for people to see. Soon the school would know what she had done and the Board of Governors wouldn't accept she been forced into taking part. They would immediately assume she'd abused her postion. The press would get to know and that would be the end of her career. She would be ashamed of it for the rest of her life.

Her mobile on her desk rang. Sarah answered it. "H - Hello?"

"Hello Miss, this is Tommy. I was just ringing to see if you'd got the e-mail?"

Sarah said nothing for a moment then her anger welled up. "Tommy - Tommy did you have anything to do with this. Why did you put those pictures on the net?" she asked. "Did you know what you were doing? I wouldn't have minded if you'd taken those pictures for your own enjoyment but to put them on where other people can see them. Do you know what this will do to me?"

"So why do you think we changed your name?" Tommy asked.

"Whose we?" Sarah demanded.

"Maria and I," Tommy said. "I told you about Maria. She's set up this site where she and others tie each other up and take photographs. When I showed her the pictures she wanted to put them on the site."

"Why Tommy. Didn't you do enough to me during the summer?" Sarah asked.

"Because I told her you were very brave and I also told her you looked beautiful tied up." Tommy answered. "She agreed with me. She said that though you're not a model you looked good and that your emotions were real". Maria says she'd really like to meet you," he added.

"Of course they were real," Sarah snapped. "You were hurting me!"

"I could have hurt you a lot more but I didn't. Besides, I think you've changed," Tommy said.

"Changed. What do you mean?"

"The way you bit my head off just now. You wouldn't have done that in the past. You'd have tried to reason with me. I'm not the only one who says that?"

"Who else?" Sarah asked.

"What book are you doing this year Miss?"

"Jane Eyre". Why do you ask?".

"I've still got friends at school," Tommy answered. "They say in your English classes that you still listen and help but you tend to be very abrupt now."

"Well they're there to be educated" Sarah said. "If they don't like how I teach then they can go out the door. I don't care!" She hesitated then said: "A few of them protested that they'd rather see the film. I told them they had a choice between five film versions and six adaptations done for TV, and the earliest was done in 1956 - in black and white. That shut them up!" She smiled to herself.

"I bet you're smiling right now," Tommy told her.

"How do you know?"

"Because as I said you seem stronger now." Tommy paused before adding: "Perhaps you seem more in control now."

Sarah sat back in the chair and looked at her image on the screen: frozen in a moment of sensual pleasure. She'd had sex with Kris and Rori but it had been functional. Tommy though had tormented and teased her leading up to the climax. She felt her clitoris start to itch. "Do you know what I did after you'd gone?" she asked, "I took a pregancy test. It proved negative. You were very careful."

"I've always been careful," Tommy said. "I keep a packet of condoms in my pocket all the time."

"I've also taken to swimming in that bikini you put me into," Sarah continued. She added hastly: "But only at the swimming pool; not at school".

"And I bet you've got some admirers," Tommy said. Sarah thought he was smiling.

"Oh yes I have," Sarah answered. "But, everytime I see them I think of you. Are you still swimming Tommy?"

"Yes Miss, when work permits," Tommy answered. "Perhaps we could go swimming together."

Sarah thought of him plunging through the water; his lithe, smooth body like a human dolphin. "Perhaps", she said softly.

She sat in her chair and said nothing. At night Sarah had dreamt of Tommy lying next to her or of him holding her in his arms and she snuggling against his warm, naked body. At times she kissed her pillow as a consolation for him not being in her bed, and she would also masturbate herself. Sarah saw Tommy standing before her in just his trunks. She thought of his beautiful, athletic body and wanted to hold it again. "Look Tommy I'm glad you rang," she began. "I've been thinking about you the last two months and I was hoping you were all right."

"Thanks, Miss. I've been busy at work," Tommy answered. "But things have quitened down for now. It'll most likely get busy in the run up to Christmas."

"Tommy," Sarah began, "If I told you I was going to put my bikini on now and ask you to come round what would you do?"

"I'd come round straight away," Tommy replied.

"And would you tie me up and make love to me?" Sarah asked.

"Yes I would."

"Then come round now," Sarah said. "I want you."

THE END

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=394.0)
