---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bound for Pleasure
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- F-f
- naked
- bond
- chair
- rope
- gag
- bfold
- hood
- X-frame
- chast
- playroom
- punish
- reluct-nc
- XX
date: 2001-05-12 00:00:00
---

continued from [part three](boundforpleasure3.html)

**Part 4: The Punishment begins...**

Karen had been discovered by her Aunt Cassie, tied
with her aunt's best silk scarves, laying on the floor in the hallway of
her aunt's apartment. Annoyed & angry that she'd used her best scarves to tie herself
up with, she was to be severely punished by her aunt for her crimes...
(See [part 3](boundforpleasure3.html))

Karen couldn't recall just how long she'd been hanging
in the cupboard, the rope around her wrist was biting into her skin, the
rope that was attached to a hook in the ceiling making her stand on her toes.
Her legs were cramping up at having to stand like this for so long, she
found it hard to adjust her position with her ankles so tightly bound,
tears were running down her cheeks and she was beginning to regret tying
herself up with those scarves, she had been stupid and now she was going
to pay. But what was her aunt going to do? How long was she going to leave
her here?

Now Karen could hear her aunt moving around in the
bedroom, just outside the walk-in cupboard, opening drawers, moving things
around when the telephone rang, she picked up the receiver and began talking,
from what Karen could hear she it was the woman who lived with her aunt. She
described how she'd found me tied with her scarves and all the time muttering
about how bad I had been and now she should be punished. From what little
of the conversation I could hear she was receiving instructions from her
girlfriend about what to do with me.

After putting the phone down she entered the cupboard
and released the rope attached to the hook, she then made me hobble back
into the bedroom. Standing in the middle of the room she said, "So you
like bondage, tying yourself up and enjoying yourself do you?"

"Y..y.yes" I replied.

“Well you're about to be on the receiving end
of a whole lot more!" she said and had me sit in a hard, high back chair,
she told me to sit still or she'd make the ropes much tighter than required.
I just looked into her eyes and could see a change come over her, she seemed
to be a lot harder, colder than I’d ever known her.

She began putting rope around my waist, looping
it several times, pulling it taut & fixing me to the chair, my wrists
still bound behind from before and still sore. The rope was pulled very
tight about my waist and she tied the rope off before moving up to put
the rest over and around my breasts & shoulders, pushing my body against
the back of the chair. She continued laying the rope about my torso, tying
off here and there making it extremely tight. She inspected her work and
made minor adjustments before she was satisfied and went to retrieve more
rope.

When she returned she untied my ankles and spreading
my legs tied my ankles to the legs of the chair, binding several turns
from my feet to half way up my legs to my knees. She then roped around
my knees, above & below fixing them in place and making it so I was
unable to close my legs. Now totally bound to the chair she again left
me to enter the cupboard and I heard her opening boxes and drawers, she
returned and stood behind me and she said that I was to spend the night
tied to this chair, she could not decide what to do with me until the morning
as she was still too angry with me not to hurt me.

Next she placed a large foam ball into my mouth,
pushing it in with her fingers and then fixing it in place with a leather
gag that covered my mouth & chin, the straps were fitted over and behind
my head, forcing me to bite down on the foam ball. I looked pitifully at
her when she came in front of me to adjust the straps, but she gave me a cold
stare and I quickly averted my eyes towards the floor. She went behind
me again and the light was cut off as she placed a blindfold over my eyes,
doing up the strap into the buckle and putting a small lock through the
clasp.

Making sure that my bonds, gag & blindfold
were to her satisfaction, making a few pulls at the ropes as she tightened
them more, she then put a hood over my head, pulling it down over my face
and down to my neck. She pulled this into place before pulling the zipper
down to my neck at the back; she finished this off with another small lock,
clicking this into place. She stepped back to admire her handiwork and
said that she was now going to get ready for bed and to think about what
I had done. She left me sitting there bound to the chair, unable to move
I was beginning to get use to my body being so tightly bound, thinking
that this surely can't be my punishment as my body began to react to this
latest position, I was starting to warm up between my legs! And where did
all this bondage gear come from? What use did my aunt have for all this
stuff?

I sat there and heard her moving about the room
preparing herself for bed, she came back to me several times to check my
ropes, my sex was becoming hotter and wetter and I began to start to enjoy
my predicament. She said goodnight and turned off the light and I heard
her get into bed, getting herself comfortable and setting the alarm clock
to wake her in the morning. Moving ever so slightly in my bonds I began
to wriggle my bottom on the chair trying to push my hot little pussy against
it, to give into my body's desire for some pleasure. I drifted off into
fantasy, being bound to a cruel master's chair to be punished for being
naughty, not that far removed from my present state.

I was now really well into my fantasy and my pussy
fluid was running like a faucet making the chair seat very wet, I didn't
hear my aunt get up from her bed and leave the room, she must have heard
my muffled moans of pleasure as I sat there wriggling in the chair, she
returned with water and threw it over me, it was icy cold and the shock
brought me back to the real world. "You're not supposed to be enjoying
this!" she spat out and then pushed at me in a rage, the chair and me falling
backwards, crashing to the floor. I hit my head on the floor the pain was
sharp but not enough to cause injury. She said that if I continued she'd
have to use something to cause more pain, long-term pain and that would
take my mind off my cunt.

She left me in the position that I'd fallen onto
the floor, my back pressing my arms into the chair with my weight, my legs
up above me still bound to the legs of the chair. I lay there and began
crying again, all thoughts of pleasure now gone. The fires that raged within
me now doused and most certainly out, I tried to move to relieve the pressure
on my arms, but could only move slightly and it just moved the pain to
other part of my arms and body. All I could do now was lie there and wait
for my aunt to release me but when would that be? I could hear her returning
to her bed and eventually could hear her light snoring.

I drifted between sleep and pain all through the
night, my body crying out at being so tightly bound and in such an awkward
position, my arms were numb from being tied and crushed by my body all night.
I heard the alarm clock sound and my aunt waking, she got out of bed and
walked over to me, looking down at my bound body still tied to the chair. She then walked out
of the room, my heart dropped, what about me? Couldn't she have untied
me? Lying there I could hear her moving about the apartment, taking a shower
and getting dressed, leaving me on the floor. She eventually came over
to me and released the lock on my hood; she pulled the zipper open and
took the hood off my head. She then removed the blindfold and the gag;
I moved my mouth to get the feeling back into it, my chin felt stiff &
sore.

Next she pulled the chair upright and began removing
the ropes that had so cruelly kept me in their grasp all night. She firstly
untied the rope around my chest and waist, finally I could take a deep
breath and inhaled, my chest was crossed with rope marks deep into my skin.
But now I could also lean forward to relieve the pressure on my arms, the
sudden rush of blood to my hands causing intense pain. Untying my legs
and then helping me stand she walked me to the toilet, I was about to burst!
I only just made it in time and thankfully didn't embarrass myself in front
of her. I did not care what she saw I was just glad to relieve myself after
being bound to the chair all night. She left me sitting there with my hands
still bound behind my back as she cleared away all the rope and things
that I’d worn.

Returning she had a pair of handcuffs in her hand,
I thought that my punishment was now over and gave her a surprised look.
She said that my punishment had yet to start and last night was only holding
me until she could decide my fate. She untied my wrists and pulled them
to the front, placing the handcuffs on my wrists. My arms were very sore,
pins & needles running up from my fingers to my elbows, but the relief
of being able to bring my arms back in front after being behind my back
for so long was indescribable, she pulled me off of the toilet and took
me into the kitchen. She gave me a light breakfast with a little amount
of fluid, saying that I would not be able to use the toilet again for quite
some time, she busied herself around the kitchen popping out to other rooms
and returning, waiting for me to finish.

My limbs were beginning to ease their pain, the
senses returning to all parts of my body. I was then lead out of the kitchen
and down the hall towards another bedroom, opening the door and pushing
me inside she closed the door behind her. I looked around the room, I’d
never seen this room before, it was quite dark inside and when she turned
the light on, it only illuminated parts of it. Their were several chains
hanging from the walls all glistening in the lights, as my eyes went around
the room taking in all the sights, my eyes darting from one device to another,
from chains to what looked like stocks, I then focused my eyes on 2 black
wooden beams attached to the wall at cross angles with another spotlight
picking out chains hanging from the ends of the wood. She pushed me into
the middle of the room; I stood there naked, shivering with my wrists cuffed
in front of me, staring at this cross.

She saw what I was staring at and laughed, tingles
went down my spine as she pulled on my handcuffs dragging towards the wooden
cross. She said that she and her partner had built this room for their
entertainment, tying each other up to the various implements within, or
sometimes using a third person, a slave to use and punish as they willed.
Now I was to sample some of the delights of the room as my punishment and
she placed my back against the wood. It was cold to touch and the spotlight
above was shinning into my eyes, I could only make out her shadow outline
as she removed the metal cuffs from my wrists, which were soon replaced
with large leather ones fixed into place with small locks.

The cross was fastened to the wall at an angle,
small pegs stood out near the base for me to stand on, I was lifted up
and my feet placed onto these pegs and she began tying rope about my feet
and ankles, making sure that the rope was tight. Spreading my arms above
my head she attached the cuffs to the chains, pulling the chain taut and
stretching me out along the cross before locking them again with more locks.
She then tied pieces of rope about my arms fixing them to the wood and
repeated this on my legs about my knees; she walked away to a bench in
the corner. She returned with a leather collar, which she placed around
my neck, it was thick and wide, it made it very difficult to move my head
and I could no longer look down at what she was doing to me. A gag made
of rubber was pushed into my mouth, a little ball dangling from the front,
which after securing the gag around my head she began to pump, inflating
the part within my mouth and filling me entirely.

Now suitably fixed and gagged, she picked up what
appeared to be two leather belts joined at an angle, she pushed one around
my waist bringing the other through my legs and covering my love hole,
clasping the buckles tight she said that this was a chastity belt so I
could not be played with there without her permission, securing it with
a large lock she stepped back to admire her work. She pulled some more
rope around my waist and after several turns tied off behind the cross
beams, fixing my body to the cross and running the free ends over the tops
of my thighs and through my crotch and back around the wooden beams. Tied
off these would prevent me slipping on the cross and presented me nicely
on display.

She checked all of my bindings and that I was
secure, that nothing was out of place or dangerous she said that she was
now going to leave me to get ready for work, that as she was starting work
late she would not be returning home until late. I was to wait here until
she returned, not that I could do anything otherwise. She left the room
to get ready and I began testing the straps and ropes that held me to the
wooden frame. The leather straps between my legs was pushing very firmly
upwards into my pussy, but the rest of the ropes seemed okay. The overhead
light was still blinding me so I could not see her re-enter the room, she
had walked over to me without my knowledge.

I looked down at her and pleaded with my eyes
not to leave me like this, she said that this was just a small part of
my punishment and that I’d better get used to it. She then reached up and
placed a blindfold over my eyes, blocking out the light, she ran one final
check over me before turning out the lights & walking out, locking
the door and leaving for work. Leaving me tightly bound to a wooden cross
within her bondage playroom not sure when she'd return and knowing that
I could not escape, my mind searched for ways out of my present situation
and pressing my body against the bonds only gave me more frustration and
the knowledge that I was well and truly stuck.

I hung on the wooden beams for what seemed like
ages, moving where I could slightly against my bonds, drifting into fantasy
dreams of being held hostage by some mad evil religious group who were
using me as a sacrifice to appease their god. I was a virgin who was going
to be used by all their members at an orgy before they finished me off.
I was so deeply engrossed within my bondage I had not heard someone enter
the apartment and was now starting to enter the room....

story continues in [**Part 5: Punishment Slave**](boundforpleasure5.html)
o0o
