---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: One Hot Session
authors:
- Otto Dix
tags:
- Sbm
- M/f
- bondage
- cbt
- con
- X
date: 2004-04-30 00:00:00
---

**One Hot Session**
by Otto Dix
One Hot Session by Otto Dix
 
Dear Mistress E.
 
Last night I did what you had instructed me to do.  It felt like
I had a cannonball in the pit of my stomach as I made my way upstairs to
my bedroom with the necessary equipment in hand.  The ice-cube release
mechanism was already started.  Two cubes were used so as to give
sufficient time for completing the self-bondage, and suffering.  I
collected the gear from the attached garage, which was quite cold, and
seeing how I was wearing only a pair of nylons, I was anxious to return
to my warm bedroom.  In my hands, I carried chains, rope, locks, and
…. one bottle of Tabasco sauce.
 
I placed the small red bottle on the nightstand and placed the chains
and rope on the bed, neatly beside the other implements I would be using,
one pair of handcuffs, a stainless steel shackle, and three very small
cock rings.
 
My nylons had a reinforced opening in front which exposed my cock and
balls.  It’s an alteration I did myself.  There is nothing more
erotic for me than the image of silky, uniform, black nylon clad legs,
tightly and neatly bound.  I would much rather be looking at those
of a willing damsel, but at times I have to be satisfied with looking at
my own.  I also enjoy the feel of them, especially the rope binding
against the nylon fabric.  It’s not uncommon for me to tie up my wife. 
We keep a pair of stay-ups in our goody bag along with a scarf and cuffs. 
I usually start with cuffing her hands to the top of the bed.  I take
my time, running my hands down her body once her hands are secured, and
she is properly blindfolded.  I stroke her legs and lightly trail
my fingers over her mound as she pushes her pelvis upward, hoping for some
manual stimulation of her lips and clit.  But all she gets is light
teasing touch, and I can see her lips parting and her moisture level rising. 
“Soon enough” I say, “soon enough”.
 
I take a pillow and place it beside her hips.  She instinctively
knows what to do.  She places both feet firmly on the bed, and raises
her hips and I slip the pillow under her beautiful bare ass.  With
her ass raised, it gives me good access to her soaking wet pit of quivering
flesh.  I can suck and lick and drink her in and occasionally penetrate
her deeply with a finger or two just when she needs it to send her over
the edge.
 
But before she gets some sugar, she needs to pay the price.  I’m
not tying her up because she likes it (although it certainly seems to make
wetter than usual).  I’m tying her up because I want her tied up. 
While preparing for an evening of sex, I’ll tell to put the stay-ups on,
and she’ll know what comes next.  I take my time running my hands
up and down her body, trailing a bathrobe sash cord over her from her neck,
around her breasts, over her lips, and down her leg.  When I’m done
touching her, I take one ankle firmly in hand, and place it in the middle
of the bed, with her knee bent outward. Then I take the other, and cross
one ankle over the other.  Methodically, I wrap her ankles with the
soft cord, alternating in both horizontal and vertical wraps, and finish
with a cinch to tighten it up and ensure that her ankle bones are not pressed
up against each other.  Before getting down to business, I usually
spend about 15 to 20 minutes putting dabs of cool vanilla pudding in strategic
positions, and licking them off with ample sucking.  However, I never
put pudding between her lower lips.  Besides for a variety of health
related reasons, it just wouldn’t be right to be licking her there so soon
into the session.
 
When I am finally ready, I lift her bound ankles, and crawl head first
up to your waiting and eager hips, and lay her calves on my back. 
In this position, she does not need to position or support her legs at
all.  She can just relax and let go, let go of everything else and
absorb the long awaited devouring of her sweet fruit of passion. 
I take it slow as though I am making a good meal last, a nibble there,
and nibble here.  There is no sense in rushing in until she’s good
and ready to be flung forcibly over the edge of ecstasy.  Her mouth
opens and she begins breathing rapidly in shallow breaths.  This is
her “tell”.  This is how I know she is ready.  I concentrate
on her clit with slow and gentle up and down strokes like a paint brush,
pausing slightly between strokes.  As she starts moaning, I plunge
a finger deep into her and speed up the licking.

I feel her nylon covered legs press hard into my back, as she presses
her succulent flesh upward into my mouth.  I lick more rapidly and
insert a second finger and thrust them in and out with abandon.  I
can see and feel her muscles contract all over her body as she endures
the waves of orgasm wash over her body.  I push the orgasm as far
as possible with long wide brushes of my tongue from bottom to top of her
parted lips.  I look over the horizon of her breasts as she contorts
and struggles against her bonds.  There is a short period of time
where the sensations become hyper intense, and yet she is unable to say
“stop” for her body is too busy dealing with the spasms in order to form
words.  I slow down the licking until finally she is capable of pleading
“no more” in a pathetic tone.  I back off and gently blow on her sensitive
flesh, and kiss her inner thigh, which sends a shiver through her body. 
I slip out from under her bound legs and cover her with a warm comforter,
and lay down beside her.
 
But, I digress.  In this same bed, I am about to commit myself
to the will of another; a person that is half way around the world. 
I attach the hand cuffs to one end of a chain with a lock, and secure the
other end of the chain to the base of bed frame at the head of the bed. 
Two lengths of rope extend from the legs of the bed at the foot. 
Before binding myself, I place three cock rings on my penis.  The
rings are small, about an inch in diameter and fit very snuggly. 
Then I place a stainless steel shackle around by testicles.  The shackle
is just big enough to gather all the scrotum material between me and my
balls.  I sit at the end of the bed and wrap the rope around each
ankle separately and I reveal in the sensation and sight of my bound and
nylon covered feet.  I test the length of rope from the bed legs to
my ankles as I sit back onto the middle of the bed and my ankles are pulled
taught and stretched out to each corner of the bed.
 
My heart races as I realize that I am ready for the next phase. 
I have never put Tabasco sauce on my penis before, but this is exactly
what I have been ordered to do.  I give the bottle a shake, and remove
the top.  I lay back with my head propped up with pillows so I can
get a clear view of my penis and bound form.  I hold my cock in my
left hand and dribble a liberal amount of sauce that covers the entire
head of my penis.  The liquid is immediately soaked into the fine
crevices of my penis flesh.  I place the bottle back on the night
stand and quickly reach for the cuffs to secure my wrists before I chicken
out.  I have done this type of scene before with rubbing solutions. 
Those hot rubbing solutions penetrate quickly, and I am usually in pain
before I can get the cuffs on.  However, for the 15 or 20 seconds
it took me to get both cuffs on, the only sensation I felt was a cool liquid
feeling.
 
Once cuffed, I laid back and waited to see what would happen. 
The rubbing solutions usually lasted for about 10 minutes before the sharp
pain subsided to a dull pain.  I had no idea how much pain I would
feel with the Tabasco sauce, or how long it would last.  How bad could
it be?  It was a cooking ingredient for heaven’s sake!  After
a minute of wondering, I could feel the surface of my penis begin to warm
up.  It got warmer and warmer, and my cock reacted with a stiff erection
that strained against the cock rings.  Then, very quickly, it went
from warm to unbearably hot, as though someone was holding a lit candle
under my penis.  This was the first inkling I had as to how much torment
I was about to endure.  I wanted out, and I wanted out now!

I began to wonder about just how strong the hand cuffs actually were. 
I tried prying open one of the cuff’s chain links to no avail.  My
ankles were securely tied.  If I had used rope instead of a chain
to connect the cuffs, I would surely be picking away at it one strand at
a time.  I finally bounced on the bed out of frustration and a hope
that I might help jiggle the keys from the ice cube trap, but when I bounce,
my penis slapped against my body sending a wave of pain through my body
the like of which I have never felt before.  For the first time during
a self-bondage session, I screamed in pain.  I continued to moan loudly
as my penis felt like it was slowly being consumed by fire.  I stared
at my release keys hoping for them to swing down.  Before I would
be released from my torment, tears would be running down my face.
 
Otto
Otto\_dix@hotmail.com
