---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiessz/something_new.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Something New, Really?
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- F/f
- mum
- tape
- wrap
- latex
- hood
- mast
- toys
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2025-08-09 00:00:00
---

“You’re joking right?” Mariana’s long face seemed to stretch incredulously at her wife’s newest hairbrained and kinky idea. “I mean where do you even come up with this shit?” Mariana dryly mused, half exasperated and half joking.

Her petite wife didn’t hesitate, “The internet of course!” Her smile was Cheshire wide, her eyes beaming with excitement.

Anne was certainly the more adventurous and kinkier of the two, but Marianna couldn’t help but shake her head in disbelief at this one. One would think she would be used to such absurd requests after ten years of marriage to the pint-sized queen of kink. She stood in the entry hall to their house looking down at the excited look on her wife’s face. Mariana knew she would groan and bitch about having to indulge Anne, especially after the sixteen hour shift she just pulled at the hospital, but she also knew despite her protests she would still do it. Her eyes flitted over Anne's pale and currently nude body. Ten years had done nothing to abate the couple’s libido, and Anne’s insatiable and creative side had a lot to do with it. Marianna’s dark eyes finally pulled away from her love of twelve years, and looked at the “supplies” she had picked up for her request. Bags full of cling film and silver duct tape, and goddamn there was a lot of it. “Did you buy out the whole damn hardware store love?”

Somehow Anne’s excitement stretched her smile impossibly further, “No, just all the duct tape, and actually I had to go to two stores to get this much.” Anne continued in her rapid-fire speech pattern, “I really wasn’t sure how much we might need. I am small, but still to get the full effect I figured we would need a lot. I wanted pink, you know how cute that would be, but I realized that I might have to go to even more stores to get enough, and I wanted to be back here and ready when you got home…”

Mariana pinched the bridge of her nose; a small laugh came out as she shook her head playfully at the manic mess of a woman she loved. Her body language was clearly understood by Anne, “So, you’ll do it right? You’ll mummify me, right? And leave me to struggle, right?” Anne’s eyes were beaming, she knew she had won already. As if there had even been a doubt. “This will be so amazing, it’ll be so restrictive. Like nothing we’ve done before!”

Seeing she had already lost control of the situation, Mariana attempted to establish some order to the madness. Holding up a hand, a single finger pressed to her wife’s soft lips, her go-to when needing to get Anne to focus, “Yes, I will…mummify you, but there are a couple non-negotiables.” Anne’s body seemed to vibrate uncontrollably at her victory, and she nodded emphatically. She would agree to any conditions. Anne was good about that, she might pester and whine a bit trying to get her whole way anytime they tried something new, but the minute Mariana put on her serious tone, Anne accepted it. The two had learned to trust each other’s judgement long ago.

“First, I’m not going to wrap your head,” seeing a small flicker of disappointment in Anne’s eyes, Mariana continued by offering an alternative, “I’ll blindfold you so you at least get some of the sensation.” Mariana could see by the way Anne was squirming she had something she wanted to say, so she moved her finger away from the smaller woman’s lips. “What if we use one of the hoods instead?” Anne proffered.

One heavy sigh later Mariana agreed, “Sure, love, but it’ll have to be the one that leaves your mouth and nose free. I’m too worried about how this setup might impede your air flow.”

“Aww, you are too sweet to me! Always looking out for me!”

“Someone has to, you crazy woman,” Mariana chuckled at the love of her life. Her tone turned serious again, “And for this trial run, we’ll only go an hour, maybe two if things seem to be going okay.”

Anne was clearly a little crestfallen at the duration she had proposed being cut from eight to “maybe” two hours. Still, it had actually been easier to convince Mari than she had thought it would be, probably a result of the extended shift. Anne leaned down and picked up her bounty of supplies and started to skip off towards their bedroom. “Come on honey!” She looked back over her shoulder, her voice high and dramatic, “I need to be entombed as soon as possible! The pharaoh has already crossed into the land of the dead!”

Kicking off her shoes, and still in her hospital scrubs, Mariana chased leisurely after the bouncy woman, “You’re such as dork. You know that right?”

Anne had already ducked into their bedroom so her response carried a slight echo alongside her dramatic tone, “You’re lucky the pharaoh is dead, or I would have to report your insolence!” Mariana, tired as she was, trudged toward whatever madness this evening held in store for them, her spouse’s bit of levity lifting her weary spirits. Entering their bedroom, she found the spoils of Anne’s shopping trip dumped out haphazardly on the floor next to the bed. Her deviant wife laying on the bed her arms crossed across her small chest. “I’m ready for my wrapping madam!” Anne called out in what Mariana could only describe as some kind of an attempt at a dramatic English accent by someone who really couldn’t do one.

“Uh, uh” Mariana tutted. Then she continued in her polite, but forceful nurse’s voice, “You are getting wrapped on the ground love. I’m not going to have you roll off the bed when I am not looking, and knock your head on something.” She had crossed her arms as she talked, and she had let her serious face descend for the moment. “I am not going back to the ER after 16 hours treating other Darwin Award nominees.”

Anne playfully scrunched her face, but dutifully slid off the bed, her hand dragging a pillow with her. “Fine, Doctor Killjoy.”

A bit of mirth pierced Mariana’s exhausted mind, “That’s Nurse Killjoy to you.” She watched the beautiful woman she loved assume a supine position on the floor. “So, if I understood you right earlier, I am supposed to use the plastic cling wrap to wrap your body first, then I use the duct tape?”

“Yep!”

“Should I start at the feet, I guess?” Mariana was unwrapping the first package of cling film, while still trying to wrap her mind around the whole idea.

“I dunno,” Anne blithely admitted. The adorable woman gave an equally adorable shrug and smile to her spouse, “I guess that makes sense.”

Mariana wanted to facepalm. “What do you mean you don’t know? This was your fantasy,” her tone sounding exasperated, though that was only half true.

“I mean, I don’t know.” Anne playfully bit her lip, “I saw a video of it online a long time ago, and I knew that I just had to try it one day. You know me, I did not research it or anything. I went off what I could remember from the video, and besides I figured you are a nurse. Surely, a nurse has experience wrapping people up so this should be easy.” A beautifully naïve look stared tauntingly up at the registered nurse.

“Sure, I’ve wrapped plenty of people with bandages,” Mariana grudgingly acknowledged. Looking back down at the cling film and duct tape she couldn’t help rolling her eyes before continuing. “Do these look like bandages, though?” she asked animatedly pointing to the cling film.

Her partner wasn’t ready to admit her madness, “I mean I’ve seen plenty of people use duct tape for an impromptu band aid.” The smaller woman mischievously raised an eyebrow, “And besides we use cling film all the time to marinade and save food, so that’s something else you know how to do already.”

“Did you seriously just compare yourself to day-old leftovers, love?” a sardonic tone permeating her question.

Taking a moment to ponder the question, Anne proudly declared, “Why, yes it would seem so.” A devilish look overtook her face, “Oh, that’s it! Instead of a pharaoh fantasy, I can pretend this is some kind of female meat packing peril scenario.” The words had barely left her lips when her face suddenly twisted for a moment, “But on second thought, I’m not really into the whole vore idea if I’m being honest. Never mind! Mummy it shall remain!”

Mariana didn’t know whether to laugh or shake her head at her beautiful, but insane wife, so she did both. “I don’t even want to know what the hell that was about.”

Anne mockingly agreed with her, “No, you probably don’t.”

Finally, Mariana lifted Anne’s legs and was about to start wrapping her cute little feet, when a better idea occurred to her. “Actually, now that I am really thinking about it, we would probably be better off if you stood up, love. And then I can go back and wrap these,” she said, her free hand lightly brushing against the sole of Anne’s bare foot, eliciting a stifled giggle at the sensation.

“Good idea! See this is why I keep you around, you’re the practical one!” the petite woman teased as she stood up, recrossing her arms once standing.

“Someone has to be in this crazy place you call a home.” Mariana took a moment to admire Anne’s delicate body. Her pert nipples, flat tummy, the way the room’s light sparkled in her dark eyes. Mariana wondered how she got so lucky with this little unstable, but adorable package of madness. With ease the nurse began winding the roll of cling film from her wife’s delicate ankles up to her thin neck, and back down again. As she went, Mariana did her best to smooth out the creases to make the work look something approaching pretty. It was likely a waste since the work would be covered up in duct tape soon, but Mariana couldn’t help herself. After all, a pretty plaything like her wife deserved a pretty packaging.

The best part for Mariana was with every few winds of the film, she’d look up at Anne’s face and see the gleeful excitement on her face. It was infectious even in her tired mind. Still, Mariana’s bedside manner hadn’t gone out the proverbial window seeing her gorgeous partner be packaged, so she diligently asked Anne if everything felt fine every few moments. Anne for her part either nodded, said yes, or, as the final layers of cling film were applied, moaned in a bit of lust. Every small shift of Anne’s body caused a faint crinkling and squeaking noise.

“Okay, let’s get the duct tape going next,” Mariana offered more to herself than her partner. A faint gasp escaped Anne as the constricting rolls of duct tape were applied. Mariana at times had to stop and reassess how she was wrapping her wife, but Anne didn’t care. It was obvious that the kinky little woman was loving the rigidity starting to envelope her body. It had been a while since Mariana had seen her this worked up, moaning and playfully biting her lower lip.

The lip biting was the real tell in Mariana’s experience. It took a while to complete the work, but still shorter than the nurse had expected. Inspecting the work, it wasn’t perfect, but for a first try it wasn’t half-bad. The important part was Anne really seemed to be enjoying herself as she wiggled slightly and moaned. Her eyes were closed now and her teeth seemed perceptually pressing into her bottom lip.

Marina could tell she surprised Anne when she began to slide the shiny latex hood on. It was a snug fit, leaving the contours of her face easily discernable underneath. Only Anne’s pale mouth and nose breaking the smooth inky blackness. “Comfortable, love?” Mariana’s breath was hot against the latex.

Anne moaned, “Completely, you don’t know just how good this feels, being so completely restrained.”

Mariana would have to take her word for it. The appeal of being restrained had never really clicked with her. It wasn’t for a lack of trying. Anne had convinced her on a few occasions to let herself be tied up, but every time Mariana had found the experience less than arousing. On the other hand, she had grown to enjoy binding her spouse, not so much because she enjoyed doing the binding itself or even the control over her partner. No, she had come to love these little kinky forays because of how much she could tell Anne loved them. Watching her slip into what she called “subspace” was worth whatever batshit crazy thing Mariana had to do to get her there. Knowing she was causing her lover so much pleasure sent a chill down her back every time.

“Let’s get you into a more comfortable position now, my little mummy sacrifice” Marianna teased as she gently laid Anne down on her back placing her head on a pillow.

“Ah, who’s getting into character now?” the bound woman retorted between low moans. Mariana’s face reddened. She always got embarrassed at any hint of role play, even all these years later. She was thankful that the hood mercifully kept her blush hidden from her wife. “Yeah, yeah crazy.”

Her gaze danced over every bound inch of the woman she loved. Mariana felt her own hand slip under her scrubs as she watched the pleasure rise in Anne. Her wife was exploring the pitifully limited movement the mummifying had left her with. Anne could only rock side to side slightly or lift her bound legs with some effort. Mariana realized she had forgotten to wrap her little mummy’s feet, but since the mummy hadn’t complained she figured they could save that for another time. Instead, she was entranced by how bothered the small woman was becoming.

Mariana used one hand to rub herself, while the other began to roam across the taped and vaguely human shape before her. Anne’s reaction was instant and intoxicating to Mariana as the bound woman tried to bite back a loud groan. She knew she had the kinky little woman where she wanted her. To Anne’s surprise, the hand fondling her disappeared as Mariana moved to get their magic wand from the nightstand. With a familiar hum the device sprung to life, and Mariana wasted no time applying it to great effect on where she knew Anne’s most intimate area was buried beneath layers of tape and film.

Anna began gasping. Her back tried to arch, but the tape prison seemed to disagree with her. Instead, as the wave of pleasure began to crest in the mummified woman, she began to violently kick her legs and rock side to side. In part because she was worried Anne might hurt herself with the flailing, and in part because she thought it would be hot, Mariana straddled her wife’s taped midsection and sat down with her full weight. It managed to mitigate the worst of the thrashing, and once she had her bearings, Mariana began rubbing herself again while pressing the magic wand as hard into the tape as she could.

Spurred on by each other’s mounting pleasure, the two found themselves at the edge of orgasm in such a short span it was shocking. With a little last coaxing from her end, Mariana sent the both of them crashing over the cliff into one of the best orgasms either of them had in months. Spent herself, Mariana slumped forward still on top of the thoroughly bound Anne, her head resting on her wife’s taped shins. The other woman seemed undisturbed by the weight, her voice, sputtering and broken in the afterglow of the moment. “F-f-uck…that…t-that was intense!”

Eventually, Mariana found the strength to roll off of Anne. She didn’t even try to unbind her though. She knew better. Anne would want to stay bound for as long as possible, so Mariana indulged her. Besides, Mariana had promised an hour mummified minimum, and it had only been about twenty minutes at the most. She watched as the petite woman slowly recovered from the orgasm. Exhaustion faded from Anne’s lips and was replaced by slow moans as she worked herself back up testing the completeness of her bondage.

The free member of the married couple watched, smiling as arousal built back in her partner. Occasionally, her hand would dart out to the small hills of tape where her lover’s chest was buried. A small push to keep Anne’s stimulation going. Mariana interspersed such helpful moments with serious check-ins about how Anne was actually holding up. The nurse would ask about any tingling, numbness, difficulty in breathing, and while it broke the illusion of the moment a bit, Anne never failed to communicate calmly and confidently the answers for the questions being asked.

A second orgasm hit around the fifty-minute mark. Mariana waited diligently at Anne’s side instead of jumping on her this time. One hand applying the wand to brilliant effect, and the other ready to grab Anne if her orgasm caused her to spasm out of control. There were too many things she could accidently roll into down here on the floor. Mariana needn’t have worried this time though; Anne’s body convulsed slightly with a few futile leg kicks and another attempt to arch her back. Her body simply tensed inside its cocoon this time, and her breaths came fast and short.

Mariana watched, a smile across her own face. The little madwoman had been right, this had clearly been fun and so far it had been safe. Once Anne’s labored breath returned to a more measured and normal pace, Mariana asked, “So, we’re coming up on an hour, love. Any changes? Want me to let you out, or are you craving another hour?” The nurse didn’t even know why she asked her partner in life the question. Anne would obviously ask for another hour, but the words she chose and, more importantly, the tone of those words would tell her what state Anne was really in.

The giddy and bubbly answer that came reassured the nurse, “Oh, I think I could live here from now on.”

“Seriously woman, I need to take you to a shrink.”

“Aww, but I’m already completely shrinked out,” the petite woman giggling at her own awful joke.

Rolling her eyes, Marianna said, “Fine, we’ll let you keep going. I’ll keep checking in though.”

“You’re the best babe!”

“I know,” Mariana confidently agreed as she rose. She walked over to the bed and pulled off her scrubs. It felt so good to finally be rid of them. She lay back for a minute on the bed, the soft rustle of duct tape making a faint smile cross her face. Anne truly was something else, but she’d have it no other way. After what was probably a good fifteen minutes of just lying there on the bed, Mariana decided she needed to get up before she fell asleep, or else Anne might just get her extended mummy session.

Stepping over her bound wife with a slight shake of her head, she made her way to the dresser. Pulling on the cool handles, she opened a drawer and drew out a pair of gym shorts and comfortable night shirt. Leaning against the dresser she pulled on the new clothes. When she was done, she watched Anne studying the remarkable sight. Anne’s chest rose and fell, a small creak of the tape accompanying each breath. Her breathing seemed normal, but that also meant Anne wasn’t working towards another orgasm. Looking at the little bits of exposed skin on her wife she could see a lot of perspiration. The cling film must be like a sauna at this point. It was probably miserable for her. The signs were mounting that the novelty of the experience was likely wearing off, and the grueling reality of her bondage was taking its toll.

Then the final piece in the puzzle came into view. Anne’s bare feet, the same feet Mariana had accidentally forgotten to wrap earlier in the night, were scrunching in a slow familiar rhythm. It was a particular rhythm Mariana had come to look for when Anne had convinced her to try something particularly difficult with her bondage. Anne had a stubborn streak, and would often act fine to prove a point when a particular predicament she had begged for turned out a bit too much. Mariana wished she would just tell her instead of making her look for the signs. “Anne, love, you doing okay?”

“Yeah, of course,” the tone lacked its usual playfulness, though it was not strained or anything too concerning.

“Anne,” Mariana paused for a moment to let her serious tone sink in, “I can tell something is up. What’s bothering you?”

“Promise to not laugh or take me out yet?” the mummified woman asked, a bit of pleading in her voice.

“That depends on the answer, but yeah I’ll try,” Mariana’s voice gave away her mounting concern. “What’s going on, love?”

Anne seemed to hesitate. Mariana’s chest tightened as she wondered if something was too tight or something even worse but unseen was going on. Finally, just as Mariana was about to repeat her question Anne responded, “I’ve got to pee.”

Anne’s wife nearly broke her promise as she barely managed to choke back her laugh. She recomposed herself. “Oh, I see. Yeah, that would be an issue.”

The mummified spouse continued, “Also, this plastic wrap and duct tape are making me sweat, like really sweat. And now both of those things are keeping me from getting back to that good place, you know?” A hint of frustration in her voice.

“So let me get you out early,” the free spouse offered.

A quick and sharp, “No!” came from the bound woman. Anne continued after a moment, her voice laced with a disappointed whine, “I mean, I still want to try this for a longer session, and if I can’t take two hours, how will I ever be able to take four or eight?”

Mariana wanted to tell her that maybe that was a sign not to do that, but she was too much of a softie. Besides, her mind was already whirling with ideas of how to improve the set up for longer sessions. When there was a problem, especially one that affected her wife, she couldn’t help but feel compelled to work out a solution. She simply had to. It would gnaw at her until she did.

She hadn’t realized she hadn’t responded to her wife until Anne asked, “Earth to Mari. You still with us?”

“Sorry, yeah.” Mariana was still pondering a few alterations that would improve the set up.

A playful and curious tone came from the bound woman on the floor, “You’re thinking aren’t you?”

“Yep, and I think I already have some solutions,” Mariana tapped her chin as a yawn overtook her, “But I am way too tired to work it all out tonight.” She reached down her hand caressing Anne’s lips, “Why don’t we get you out and get some rest for the night.” Mariana’s lips grazed her lover’s as the two then shared a passionate kiss.

As their lips separated, Anne asked, “Sure, but promise me we’ll try this again?”

“Of course, love, I promise.”
