---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Rubber Gallery
authors:
- K. Valery
tags:
- FFM/f+
- latex
- liquid
- statue
- display
- object
- cons
- X
date: 2007-05-19 00:00:00
---

The life of an art student can be difficult. Anna came to Berlin from
a remote part of Germany to study at the reputed academy of arts. She had
exhausted her financial reserves and the cost of living in a city was much
higher than she expected. Every Saturday she flicked through the small
ads section of the papers in the hope of finding a job and thereby improving
her financial situation. Mostly, these were very badly paid restaurant
jobs, but now and then she would manage to find some more lucrative modelling
work. Anna had a perfect figure; long legs, small waist, well-proportioned
hips, firm round breasts, a slim neck and good facial bone structure. She
liked putting herself on display and didn't mind posing naked, which was
appreciated by photographers.

Finding nude models is never easy! This particular day she noticed an
unusual advert: "Nude models needed for avant-garde Materials and Performance
Art Exhibition, Potential for additional employment at other installations.
Only those who possess a good figure and staying power need apply. Extraordinary
remuneration". A telephone number was given. Anna's creative brain was
immediately full of questions. What kind of performance could this be?
Why do they need so many nude models? However, the job was art related
and was sure to be better than working in a smoky discotheque. And besides,
it promised good money. She reached for the telephone.

The "Galerie Noir" was situated in a quiet part of the town: not many
people on the streets, lots of parking space. This in itself, she felt,
was a bit suspect. The building was a rather grandiose period property.
"Be punctual, competition is high as we've had a lot of applicants", the
lady on the phone had said. The door stood open and, as there was no doorbell,
Anna entered. After making her way down a long, brightly lit corridor,
she eventually reached a black gloss-painted door. This door was also ajar
and Anna tentatively entered, finding herself in a big, square hall, lit
by a chandelier. There were already about a dozen girls there, sitting
on the benches, which were placed alongside the walls. The high-ceiling
room was filled with murmur. Anna sat down and, while she waited, another
six girls arrived.

After about fifteen minutes one of the other three doors opened and
a woman of about thirty years with an elegant short haircut emerged. She
wore a tight waisted grey flannel suit and matching high-heels and had
on a pair of delicate gold-plated glasses. She looks like a lecturer thought
Anna. The murmur in the room immediately hushed. The lady closed the door
and stood in front of it.

"Hello ladies, my name is Lydia von Hagen. I'm happy that so many of
you have come and that, judging by my first impressions, you seem to be
so suitable. We shall see if this is so shortly. First I'd like to tell
you something about our project. Few of you will have heard of Pierre Cesar.
He is a performance artist from Paris and comes highly recommended. His
first creations were shown only to a very select group of art lovers and
this will be his first big exhibition. Pierre's speciality is latex. This
material has a special meaning for him. In his opinion its suppleness,
its shine and other characteristics make it appear almost alive. After
years of experimentation he has devised some unique techniques of application
and usage with which he has achieved fascinating results. The central theme
of his work is the beauty of the female body. Contrary to a conventional
sculptor, he creates live sculptures, by pouring latex over the female
model. We'll tell you more about it later. Now! Have any of you got a problem
with showing yourself naked, or is anyone opposed to erotic art? If you
have, then it would be best if you left now, we don't want to have to explain
ourselves later. We shall engage those interested for one week, if we find
you suitable. We expect full cooperation from you for which you will earn
1,000 Marks per day. Think about it and please tell me now if you are not
interested!"

Nobody uttered a sound. The thought of earning 7000 Marks in a week
made any other doubts about this job disappear. "Good! Regrettably though,
I have to tell you that we only need twelve girls so I'm afraid we are
forced to select. I will give each of you a number, which you will have
to memorise. From now on you will be addressed only by this number. It
will save us the inconvenience of having to remember your names, especially
as three of you are called Sabine. You will be called for assessment in
three groups." The lady passed around the room, giving each girl a slip
of paper, after which she left. Anna looked at the paper in her hand, she
had received the number eight. A little later the first group was called
in, numbers 1 to 6.

Anna had to wait about half an hour for the turn of her group after
when they were called through into a small room. Behind a long table stood
a young woman in a maid's uniform. On the table were six small laundry
baskets. "Please undress and put all your clothes into the basket with
your number on. Yes please, completely nude! I will provide you with a
pair of shoes. Now, what size do you wear?"... Each girl was given a pair
of black vinyl court shoes with pencil thin 12 cm. heels.

"Phew! Are these high!" said Number six, "I'm not at all used to this."

"Then you had better get used to them quickly!", said the maid dryly,
"otherwise you'll have no chance! Now then, each of you put on one of these
chokers!" Each girl received a choker made of black vinyl with dainty silver
clasps at the back and inset at the front with a chromium plated button
from which hung a small disk bearing her number. "This way now!" ordered
the maid.

One by one, the girls hobbled through another door into a huge office
painted a brilliant white. Even the floor was covered in white tiles and
shrill neon light illuminated even the most remote corner of the room.
The two high windows, however, were covered with thick black velvet curtains
and the only piece of furniture was a heavy, three-metre-long desk made
of glossed black wood. Behind the desk sat the lady they had previously
met, a forty year old man, greying slightly at the temples who was wearing
a black polo neck, and another woman, in her mid-thirties, whose white
overall gave her the appearance of a doctor.

"Everyone line up there in
numerical order please!" Frau von Hagen ordered, indicating a red line
marked with sticky tape that lay on the floor approximately three metres
away from the table. "Number Six to the left, and so on, and please hurry
up!" Anna observed the man whose dark eyes scanned over the naked bodies
of the girls.

"I would like to give you some further information about our project
now. Pierre is to make living sculptures from your bodies by pouring liquid
latex over you. Don't be scared, this process is not dangerous or harmful
to your health as has been confirmed by several tests that have been made.
You will be given a full guarantee of that. You will then be exhibited
in a gallery for a whole week in various positions, or as a part of an
installation. Now I will have to acquaint you with some necessary and important
procedures which might frighten you a little. But don't worry, everything
happens under the strict supervision of Dr. Schraf here, who will take
every care. At first we will have to remove all your body hair otherwise
it would stick to the latex, which would hurt you when the layers are removed.
However do not fear, your hair will grow again and, with the money that
you receive, you will be able to afford a wig, won't you?!!".

The girls remained silent.

"Of course there is a problem with the natural body functions. The layer
of latex must stay intact for the full duration of the exhibition. Repeating
the process would be too expensive. We have thought of something which
will help you to fulfil these functions without problem. Dr. Scharf will
enlighten you further."

Frau von Hagen stood very still for a moment as if waiting to see what
effect her words had on the girls. The girls were a little confused trying
to work out what she meant. . "Please understand that we are forced to
speak to you in a very abrupt manner in order to save time and we expect
you to follow our orders immediately. The whole thing must be well organised
and precise. Doctor, please carry on."

The lady in the white coat stood up accompanied by a rustling sound.
Anna recognised the sound made by her garb only too well, it was RUBBER!
She had often come into contact with this bizarre material. The photographers
she had modelled for all seemed to have a liking for it, and often she
was made to wear this sweat inducing, figure hugging fabric. Dr. Scharf's
whole outfit was obviously made of it, even her highly polished transparent
stockings and gloves, and her white high heeled boots.

"O.K. girls, I will now inspect you. Firstly, I am interested in determining
the firmness of your bodies, breasts and thighs. Please spread your legs
slightly, pull your tummies in and thrust out your chests!"

She went from
one to another and kneaded their bodies without any inhibition. Her rubberised
fingers gripped the breasts and the thighs of the girls, and went on to
inspect the crotch as well as the mouth. At the same time her continuous
remarks were noted down by Frau von Hagen and the man in the dark suit.
Anna felt as if she was at a cattle auction.

"Number Seven; firm thighs
a touch too full, but the bum cheeks are nicely rounded. The waist is too
full also, but that can be made smaller by tight lacing. Breasts full and
firm. Good facial bone structure." And so it went on...until everybody
was dealt with. " Now turn around and bend over!"

The girls followed the
order but the Doctor was not satisfied. "Right over, I said! Bend your
spines a little more, you lazy cows and stick your pretty bottoms out!
I will have to inspect them more closely, but do not be alarmed it will
soon be over." Anna felt the fingers of the Doctor between her thighs pushing
into her orifices and to her mortification, felt herself becoming wet.
This procedure turned her on, whether she liked it or not!

"Number Eight; anus very tight, in fact, I suspect virginal, but this
should not be a problem. Vagina surprisingly moist. Are you sexually aroused,
Number Eight?" Anna didn't know what to say and just blushed. These people
were extremely rude! "I've asked you a question, so answer me, Number Eight!
Why are you randy?".

"I...er...it turns me on standing here nude in front
of everybody..." , stuttered Anna quietly.

"Good. You don't have to be
ashamed. This is quite healthy for a pretty young thing like yourself.
And particularly for our purpose! Note down number Eight, Lydia!"

The examination didn't take long, and the girls were then allowed to
put their clothes back on. When they were ready, Frau von Hagen called
out the selected numbers and sent all the rest of the girls home. "Sign
this contract and be here precisely at twelve o'clock tomorrow. You will
then be depilated and prepared for the rubberising process."

Anna spent
a very restless night. She couldn't get rid of the numerous imagined scenarios
floating around her head. What would it be like standing in a gallery looking
like a rubber sculpture, having the whole world stare at her? And what
would it feel like on her skin?!!

She was tossing and turning, eventually
coming to the realisation that the thought of the following day had made
her wet again. This artist, this dark man with his inquisitive eyes would
not be banished from her thoughts. He would turn them all into his creations.
What a man! He plays with women like others play with clay. Could she ever
get near to him? And then there was that cold woman Dr. Scharf, with her
smooth cool rubber fingers probing into her most intimate parts. In her
mind, Anna heard again the rustling sound that the rubber of the snow white
Doctor's coat had made, and she could still smell that intense sweet aroma,
a mixture of perfume, female body odour and rubber.

Precisely at twelve o'clock they were all assembled again, a dozen girls,
all equally beautiful, whether blonde, redheaded or brunette. One could
hardly tell them apart, thought Anna. At this point she didn't realise
how right she would turn out to be. Frau von Hagen greeted the girls and
directed them into various rooms, where they again had to undress and put
on the chokers. They were then asked to sit on metal swivel chairs and
were denuded of all body hair. Without argument their hair was cut off
first with large scissors and then with shorter ones, and finally the remaining
stubble was lathered and shaven. Soon their heads shone bald and white
in the bright neon light. Following this depilation cream was applied to
completely cover their bodies. In particular care was taken in the pubic
region, on their shaven heads and their faces. This procedure then was
to include their eyebrows and eyelashes. The cream which hardened fast
was heated by a hair dryer and then pulled off with ease. Out they emerged,
soft, completely hairless, skin pink and shiny.

"This cream is a new invention from America, and doesn't only remove
hair thoroughly but also arrests any regrowth for several weeks. You look
great!" Lydia von Hagen was looking at the dozen bald shiny headed girls
with satisfaction. They really did look identical, thought Anna, and if
they weren't wearing numbers, one could not tell them apart. In particular
the absence of eyebrows and eyelashes gave the unmade faces a strangely
expressionless, androgenous look. "Before we begin with the process you
will be prepared for a little more by Dr. Scharf. Please take your places
in the waiting room, you will be called later."

When Anna's turn came, she had to follow the Doctor into another room
which was completely covered in white tiles. In the middle stood a gynaecological
chair covered in black rubber surrounded by shiny chromium trolleys on
which were laid various instruments.

"It's your turn, Number Eight! Firstly
we'll fit you with a catheter with a connection for an external reservoir,
as well as a colonic tube with balloon, and a hosepipe attachment. This
will help to evacuate you when you are in your rubber encasement. You don't
have to worry about anything, it won't hurt, it will only feel a little
bit unusual..."

With these words she reached between Anna's thighs, her
fast probing rubber fingers disinfecting and lubricating all her orifices.
Then she inserted the long thin hose of the catheter. No sooner had Anna
felt the short sharp pain than the tube was in.

"See, no problem! You're
already leak proof! Incidentally, the catheter will be held in its place
by the aid of a little inflatable balloon which is situated at the top
of the hose inside your bladder. Can you feel it?" Dr. Scharf squeezed
the small hand pump hanging between Anna's legs. She immediately felt a
spreading pressure in her bladder. It felt just as though she had to pass
water.

Anna protested; "Is this necessary? I mean, it feels like a......"

"Yes, of course, Number Eight, but that can't be avoided, you'll just
have to deal with it. Next we will seal your vagina so that no latex can
enter. Besides, this will also stop your secretions damaging the rubber,
we've already seen how quickly you get wet, you randy thing!"

Anna couldn't see what Dr. Scharf was doing, but she felt, distinctly,
a long soft object being inserted into her vagina. "This is an inflatable
dildo, which I will now inflate to make a nice tight fit. And then we will
seal everything with latex glue. There!" Anna felt a cold sticky substance
being rubbed onto the outer lips of her vagina. Dr. Scharf smoothed it
all out until there was nothing more to be seen except a smooth rubber
skin. "The stuff binds with the skin so well that you are now absolutely
sealed in. Fear not, we do have a solvent with which we can remove it!
And now for your bottom..."

Again Anna felt something cold being inserted deep into her rectum.
"This colon balloon will also have to be inflated so that you are leak
proof and nothing is able to escape. This will also feel slightly uncomfortable,
but one gets used to it after a while." Dr. Scharf spoke with an impartial
tone as if she was giving a lecture to uninterested students. Anna shivered
when she heard the hissing noise of the air pump. Soon the balloon in her
colon began to inflate and the urge to go to the toilet became overpowering.
Again the Doctor pressed on the pump in order to close off her back passage.
She then proceeded to seal it off with the rubber glue. She held a mirror
to Anna, who saw in amazement that her nether regions were now totally
sealed in a smooth skin. Instead of her anus and vagina there were two
circular skin coloured screw top made of rubber. The unpleasant pressure
in her abdomen reminded her constantly of the presence of three inflated
intruders made of rubber.

Dr. Schraf stuck imitation rubber nipples over Anna's own, saying "Monsieur
Cesar wants to be sure that the nipples are always visible!".

The artificial
nipples were oversized and reminded Anna of the tops from toothpaste tubes.

"And now, we'll do your pretty head , we don't want the liquid rubber to
get in so we'll have to seal it off."

Soft earplugs were inserted into
Anna's ears, her eyes were covered with see, through perspex ovals and
into her nostrils small tubes were inserted. Her mouth was filled with
a inflated gag and then everything was sealed with the latex glue as before.
Anna couldn't open her mouth anymore , in fact she didn't seem to have
one at all!. Her face looked totally smooth beneath her nose. As if reading
her thoughts, Dr. Schraf placed something over her sealed mouth and pressed
it briefly on. Again she held the mirror to Anna who looked into the rosy
shining face of a mannequin with insect, like plastic eyes and a nose flattened
slightly by the tubes. Underneath were a pair of full, sensuously pouting
rubber lips!. Between these exaggerated lips was concealed another screw
top. The Doctor's voice reached Anna's ears only faintly; "Finished. Now
you are ready to be completely immersed in rubber, Number Eight!"

Each girl in turn was prepared in this way, which took the rest of the
day. In the evening they were all gathered in a dining room and, around
a long table, were given porridge, which they had to suck up through tubes
which were attached for the purpose onto the screw tops in their mouths.
The girls had never imagined the job would be like this, but it was too
late to make any complaints, and impossible, in any case, to articulate
them. She spent the night in a little bedroom with four rubber coated platform
beds," So that you get used to the rubber!..." In no time all their hoses
were all attached to the reservoirs hanging at the side of the beds. Going
to the toilet was now superfluous.

The next day brought forth the event for which they had been engaged.
In the morning a clamour emanating from the great hall was heard by the
girls, though muffled by their ear plugs, indicated that many guests had
arrived. Breakfast was administered in the fashion now familiar to the
girls and around mid-day their attachments were removed and they were finally
summoned.

As the girls were led in, Pierre Cesar was just finishing his opening
address. The sound of approval spread through the crowd of around one hundred
elegantly dressed art-lovers as the girls' smooth and gleaming bodies hobbled
in, stilettos clattering over the stone floor. The harsh spotlight reflected
against their bald heads and their Perspex eyes. With their huge firm nipples
and their smooth sexless genitalia, the effect given was that of twelve
identical plastic clones.

The performance started immediately. Cesar had engaged a whole team
of assistants dressed in black, who knew exactly what they had to do. The
girls were taken to designated spots, and there in front of the eyes of
an amazed audience, were put through various procedures which all had a
common result: the full rubberising of the girls' bodies from head to toe!
At the entrance stood Number Thirteen on a slowly turning pedestal. Around
her, like snakes, three hose pipes with egg-shaped nozzles danced, whilst
liquid latex poured from them, covering her. After only a few minutes she
was completely enveloped in a thick coating of wet rubber.

Immediately next to her was Number Three, who held in her hands a hula-hoop
ring which surrounded a thin membrane of latex. Cesar instructed the girl
to climb through the ring where the rubber membrane stretched to envelope
her body and clung like a film without tearing. "This is a completely new
solution which has a heightened surface tension! Under dry conditions the
stuff is extremely strong and tear proof", explained the artist. In a very
short time the girl was transformed into a black rubber statue and, as
a final touch, Cesar added an orange-coloured ponytail.

Opposite stood Number Sixteen with her back to the wall, being shot
at with liquid latex from a small cannon exuding. The guests also assisted
in this. The splashing substance landed onto the breasts, thighs, and into
the face of the motionless girl. Soon Number Sixteen also became a black
rubber doll.

In the middle of the hall was a swimming pool over which was installed
a rubber shower. Anna kneeling in it was already covered in thick black
rubber milk up to her thighs, whilst the molasses like substance sprayed
out of the shower head in thick droplets, and temporarily blinded her.
She felt it spreading evenly over her skin and running down her body which
soon disappeared under the deluge. After a few minutes she emerged from
the pool and stood in the warm air of a dryer where she felt the rubber
on her skin tightening. Her rubber skin became highly glossy and as tight
as a balloon. "Ladies and Gentleman, the rubber doll Number Eight is ready!"
Cesar led her proudly around the room, and the guests were allowed to touch
her rubber skin with their curious hands.

One after another, all twelve girls had undergone their transformation
by one of the four procedures. Now they were all black shiny statues. This
concluded the first part of the performance. The girls were placed around
the walls, on little pedestals while the guests enjoyed a small buffet
and champagne. Anna heard a muffled conversation between two men directly
in front of her. One held a small prospectus in his hand. "Listen to this,
it sounds very interesting; R.A.B.O., Rent A Bondage Object! Rent a live
rubber doll as a kinetic art object for your elegant office, as an erotic
pastime for sophisticated bondage games, or simply as an exciting addition
to your furniture! Our rubber dolls are extremely flexible, co-operative
and easy to clean!"

"Hey, I never knew Cesar's rubber dolls are for hire!"

Anna was astounded. Had she heard correctly? Before she had time to
think, two assistants lifted her down from the pedestal, across the hall,
and into a room. Lydia von Hagen appeared beside her. "Young girl listen
to me! You have the chance to multiply your wages, yes, you will get 10,000
DM per day if you agree to be used for special purposes. You could be hired
out to some very interested clients for a few days, nothing alarming, so
don't worry! This is entirely up to you, otherwise you will stay here for
the whole week as an exhibit."

Anna couldn't think clearly. Blind, dumb and almost deaf, totally encased
in rubber, all sorts of pictures flashed through her mind including scenes
from "Indecent Proposal". Why not?, she thought. Ten thousand a day was
a considerable sum! All her financial problems would be over.... "Well?
Are you interested? Nod your head if you are." Anna paused for a while...
then nodded.

**Epilogue**

The room was quiet except for the soft whistle of the girls breathing
through their tubes. In front of her, Anna saw a number of rubber cocoons
suspended vertically stretched between the floor and the ceiling by thick
rubber cords. They were waiting for the transport coming tomorrow. Hardly
any had refused the lucrative offer, but none of them had an idea about
what to expect. However they had a written contract, which stated that
no harm would come to them and that at a given time they would be returned
and freed. Seventy thousand marks for a week of discomfort was a hell of
a lot of money....

Anna found herself on all fours glued to an upholstered rounded plinth.
She had no idea as to what purpose she served, or who had hired her...was
she a decorative item...or a piece of furniture....?

20.03.04 update:
