---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/leatherbound_hearts6.html
title: Leatherbound Hearts
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- tease
- denial
- mum
- catheter
- buttplug
- toys
- mast
- cuffs
- incest
- chastity
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2026-06-20 00:00:00
---

### Epilogue(One Year Later)

For the most part Elise Adler had never lamented the fact that she was not a particularly tall woman, for all that she did enjoy wearing high heels and platform boots that added a few inches to her height. Indeed there was something unexpectedly exciting about the fact that most of her subs were taller than she was and yet she could still make them kneel with little more than a word or a sharp look. And then there was the warm comfort she had found playing little spoon when curled up against Claire’s buxom chest or Talia’s athletic frame or, best of all, sandwiched between both of her girlfriends on those nights when all three of them shared a bed. And yet, even as those memories prompted a tiny smile to tug at the corners of her pierced lips, the pale brunette could not help but acknowledge that a little more height would have been useful right about now as she tried to unlock the door in front of her with a backpack slung over one shoulders and a heavy suitcase dangling from her free hand.

Of course she really had no one to blame but herself for her current predicament. Had she asked, Claire would have been more than happy to help but ever since they had arrived at the Everland Hotel it had been obvious that the older woman was enchanted with the place, its wildly sprawling architecture and vivid, vaguely jungle-themed décor catching those equally vivid blue-gray eyes of hers and refusing to let go. And, perhaps she was going soft but after seeing the excitement reflected on her girlfriend’s face Elise had found herself unable to gainsay the woman’s curiosity and so had given her leave to explore, to take in the sights and drink in the atmosphere while indulging in a bit of people watching. However, that was before she had fully appreciated just how much *stuff* they had brought with them for this little trip, and just how difficult it would be to lug all of that baggage up onto the third floor by herself.

Still, while it had been a challenge she had succeeded in the end, though now that she finally found herself at their room actually getting the key card out of her pocket and into the reader with only one hand was proving to be almost as difficult. Or at least almost as frustrating. And yet, after a few moments of almost embarrassingly uncoordinated fumbling she eventually managed that particularly delicate balancing act and the young woman found herself breathing a sigh of relief when the mechanism let out a tiny sound and the light shifted from red to green.

Clenching the card between her teeth, the pale girl bumped the door open with a slender hip and twisted around to grab her luggage cart, tilting the thing back onto its wheels with little effort despite the heavy travel case strapped to it and stepping across the threshold into the dimly lit room beyond. Much as she remembered from the last time she’d stayed here a little foyer with a large closet and an attached bathroom greeted her only to give way to a short and narrow hall that led out into the sleeping area beyond where a pair of double bed sat side by side across from a broad dresser with a nightstand wedged between them. A simple enough setup, though compared to many hotels this particular room was a bit on the large side with a little living area just beyond the beds decorated with a small couch and a handful of chairs along with a low coffee table.

Depositing the suitcase next to said dresser as she worked her way inside, Elise casually inspected the room, taking in the odd but somehow appropriate combination of sepia-toned wallpaper and bamboo light fixtures contrasted by a handful of brilliantly colorful abstract paintings that seemed to match the equally colorful carpet and the dark bedspreads that had been turned down just enough to expose small piles of comfortable looking pillows. Combined with the darkened hardwoods (fake though they might be) that made up the furniture it was a strange and yet somehow appropriate amalgam of styles, a mixture of the familiar with just enough of the exotic to be both interesting and a bit strange. Smiling again as she carefully maneuvered between the various obstacles to park the travel case between the beds and toss her backpack onto one of the mattresses, glad to be rid of the weight, the brunette rolled her neck until she felt it pop and pressed her hands against the small of back until her spine cracked, the relief of finally being able to stretch after what felt like hours in the car almost orgasmic in its intensity. Biting her lip as a shudder of absolute delight seemed to rack her slender frame, the young woman let out a contented sigh and allowed herself a moment to enjoy those sensations before flitting about the room to turn on the various lights and finally banish the darkness.

Given the late hour Elise knew that she should probably start unpacking and getting things ready for tomorrow, especially given how *busy* she knew they were going to be, but truth be told the young dominatrix was simply not in the mood. Instead she casually strode across the room, weaving her way through the living area and around the coffee table to make her way directly for the heavy drapes shrouding the far wall completely. Throwing the curtains aside to reveal a sliding glass door flanked by a pair of windows that ran from floor to ceiling, soft light from the streetlamps outside pouring in, the pale brunette eased the door open and quietly slipped out onto the patio beyond.

Deep in the heart of August even the night air was balmy but the slender girl found that she did not mind all that much as she folded her arms atop the railing made of rough, knotty pine and rested her weight against it, a warm summer breeze caressing her pale skin like a lover. With most hotels a view of the parking lot could hardly have been considered scenic, but once again the Everland proved itself to be an exception to the rule.

Rather than a single massive slab of asphalt a veritable archipelago of little, irregularly shaped lots connected by a winding series of roads sprawled out before her, each one separated by green boulevards and carefully cultivated clusters of trees and shrubs while an artificial stream pouring over a bed of colorful river rock wove its way through the entire affair as it meandered toward the decorative ponds flanking the building’s main entrance. When combined with both the overhead lamps, and the more subtle lighting that illuminated that rushing water and those little glades, what should have been an ugly and utilitarian expanse was transformed into something wild and a bit fantastical.

And yet, as much as the brunette drank in that scene, what her stormy gray eyes were most attracted to were the hordes of people milling about. Between the hotel staff, the convention organizers and the attendees themselves cars had been pouring in all day but it seemed that once night had fallen the veritable floodgates had opened, parking spaces rapidly filling as vehicles were unloaded with excited haste. However, while the numbers were impressive, what most captured her attention were the little details that few without her own… *experiences* would have noticed.

Most of course were not bold enough to display their kinks openly just yet, though the young dominatrix silently tipped her non-existent hat to those who did, but everywhere she could see the hidden signs. A flash of metal poking out from beneath a shirt’s collar, sleeves just a bit too long for the weather concealing cuffs underneath, awkward steps that suggested some toy (or *toys*) at work, and of course the occasional face mask which might normally have been taken as a sign of concern for sickness but right now were almost certainly being used to disguise the presence of a gag.

The sights alone brought a smile to her face, but as Elise shifted her weight to lean over the railing just a bit, almost as if she were trying to get a better look, the pale brunette could not help but feel a faint warmth in her chest and on her cheeks. One of the things she truly loved about her job, beyond the thrill of letting her dominant side out to play of course, was the opportunity to explore her desires while aiding others in exploring their own. And now, to look out and see so many people sharing their truest selves so eagerly and openly felt profound in some inexplicable way. Perhaps that was also the reason why she found it so easy to be with Claire and why adding Talia to their relationship had worked despite all the barriers that had stood in their way. Both of them were so eager, so earnest in their desire to learn and grow and explore themselves and, whatever else could be said of them, both of her lovers had certainly come into their own over the year.

Claire, who had finally managed to shed the grief of the past and fully embraced the person she truly wanted to be, the weight of years fleeing from her shoulders as she charged forward with almost reckless abandon. And Talia, the girl who had very nearly lost herself in despair only to come alive when able to reach for the things she truly wanted, finally able to grow into herself and discover a whole new world she had never even dared to dream might exist. Looking back on it all, every crazy twist and turn, Elise was honestly proud of what they had managed to build together, and the role she had helped to play in the lives of the women she loved and the journey they were still taking.

Unbidden, the pale girl glanced down at her left hand and the twin bands that now circled the base of her ring finger, one a simple circlet of silver engraved with intricate scroll-work of vines and flowers while the other resembled a jagged knot of braided black-chrome wires. They were entirely symbolic of course, but as the months had passed and it became obvious the wild little odyssey that she and Claire and Talia were taking was going to last, that their relationship was growing into something more, the pale brunette had instructed both of her slaves to pick out a ring for her. It had felt appropriate and only fair, after all they had consented to wear her collar the least she could do for them in turn was wear their rings. A tangible symbol of all the spoken and unspoken promises that lingered between them and proof positive that she was as devoted to them as they were to her.

Shaking her head even as thinking about her girlfriends brought a far more genuine smile to her face, Elise spared one last glance out at the gathering crowds before pushing herself upright and stepping back from the railing. As pleasant as her musings had been there really was a lot of work still to do and not a lot of time to do it in. Then again perhaps that was why she was so *excited*. For nearly a year now the pale brunette had been shifting her career ever so slightly. She still saw clients of course, but fewer now as she had begun to focus on demonstrations, tutorials and very *hands-on* live performances instead.

At first it had been simple things, little more than an expansion of the work she’d already done for the club’s online catalogs and as a way to help ease Claire in her new role as her mistress’s assistance, but as time had gone on things had changed. The redhead had discovered just how much she rather enjoyed modeling and Elise herself had found that teaching suited her. And so things had grown and grown and *grown* from that point on. Basic displays and simple photo shoots giving way to group demonstrations, trade show performances and honest to goodness lectures on the BDSM lifestyle. And then there was the Everland.

It was not the first time she had worked a convention, not even the first time she had worked a convention at this very hotel in fact, but this weekend would be both the largest show she’d ever put on as well as the first time that the pale brunette would be joined on stage by *both* of her slaves. Talia had discovered her own exhibitionist streak it seemed, even if she was still a bit too shy (or at the very least a bit too cautious) to show her face just yet. Not that the young dominatrix had a problem with that, after all catsuits and hoods and various other types of full body restraints were both a perennial favorite and a perfect solution to her girlfriend’s concerns. Not that the other girl fully appreciated exactly what her mistress intended to do to her just yet of course, but she’d hate to spoil the surprise. Speaking of which, a very different type of smile suddenly tugged at Elise’s lips, her thoughts drifting towards her newest rubber pet as she stepped back inside the room, closing the door and the curtains behind her before slowly padding back across the room and making a beeline for the travel case she’d left sitting between the beds.

Stepping up to the little luggage cart and the oversize trunk strapped to it, the slender figure paused for a moment to run a hand along the case’s smooth, plastic surface before finally crouching down low to begin removing the various straps securing it in place. From there she gently tilted it back just enough to get her hands underneath the thing and, with a not inconsiderable amount of effort given its size and weight, half lifted and half pushed the case up onto the empty bed before easing it down onto one side.

Practically trembling with anticipation now, Elise ran a slender finger around the metal seam where the two halves of the trunk’s shell came together and opened the dozen or so latches that held it closed one at a time. Wetting her lips with the tip of her tongue, the pale brunette threw the lid open to reveal Talia Devroux’s athletic frame curled up inside. Turned onto her side, knees hugged tightly to her chest with her arms crossed over her ankles, every inch of the girl’s body was practically mummified in what looked like miles of ace bandages, the elastic cloth clinging to her every curve so tightly that even the outlines of her toes were visible, especially as she squirmed and writhed within her confinement. Rendered blind and mostly deaf by the bandages circling her head, not a single speck of the bound girl’s soft, caramel colored skin was visible.

Indeed the only things that seemed to penetrate her wrappings were the slender tube protruding from between her lips from which her breath seemed to hiss almost rapidly and the familiar form of a catheter snaking its way from her loins to a partially filled Foley bag. While not exactly a surprise, it had still been a pleasant discovery to find that when let off the leash as it were Talia was just as kinky as her mother, if in very different ways. She was not a masochist for all that she had endurance and flexibility both in spades, but rather the girl *craved* the surrender that came from losing control, of being bound and made to obey, of being “forced” to do all the things she secretly wanted but would never dare to admit. More than that though, for the pale-eyed girl bondage was as much about how it made her look as how it made her feel. How being bound and gagged and put on display transformed her into an object of desire and made her feel *sexy* for lack of a better term.

Perhaps that was why she had taken to latex like a fish to water, reveling in the way the skintight material highlighted every curve of her athletic frame and left nothing to the imagination. After all, while not exactly a fashionista Talia definitely had a style of her own and definitely knew she looked good when showing off her body. As such, while she enjoyed all types of bondage and was always eager to try something new, she had found herself drawn to things that tended to compliment those particular fetishes. Intricate rope-work that highlighted her every curve, tight elbow bondage that forced her shoulders back to emphasize her modest but shapely bust, heavy gags that stuffed her mouth to the brim and above and beyond it all mummification, the utter helplessness of being encased rapidly proving itself the girl’s favorite restraint by far.

Reaching out with her free hand, the pale brunette cupped a cloth covered cheek and smiled softly at the way the bound girl’s breath quickened as she instinctively nuzzled against her mistress’s palm. A simple enough gesture of course, but after hours of having only her own thoughts for company she could only imagine that Talia was a bit starved for attention. And yet, Elise did not answer the silent question she could feel reflected in her slave’s posture and the subtle tension in her muscles, at least not yet. Instead the young dominatrix drew a finger along the younger girl’s jaw and down the curve of her throat, pressing just hard enough to feel the slight bulge of the breathing tube as it extended deep into her trachea and prompting the bound girl to try and swallow.

*That* had been a much more unexpected surprise to be perfectly honest. As they’d grown closer the brunette had shared stories of her experiences under Mistress Lydia’s tutelage, including the former nurse *educating* her in various types of medical bondage, if being the practice dummy of such sessions could be counted as “education,” but she’d had no expectation that such stories would go anywhere. Learning how to insert a catheter had proven itself a useful skill, but beyond that she’d rarely had need for that particular aspect of her training. And yet, while Claire had been amused to learn about her mistress’s experiences as a somewhat unwilling submissive, Talia had become enthralled by her stories, the idea of having even the most basic functions of her body under the control of someone else scratching an itch somewhere deep in the girl’s soul.

It was a result that the young dominatrix had never even considered, until her plaything had tentatively broached the subject one night in that adorably nervous way of hers when she wanted to try something new but was still a bit embarrassed to say it out loud. Truth be told Elise had honestly been uncertain at first, well aware of the risks involved and just how out of practice she actually was, but though she would never say it out loud at the end of the day the pale brunette had always found it hard to say no to her girlfriends. Even then, given the difficulty and the intensity of the necessary training, she hadn’t actually expected things to get that far but it seemed as if she’d underestimated the strength of Talia’s determination, and her sheer force of will.

The girl really *was* her mother’s daughter.

Shaking her head to clear away those idle musings, Elise leaned in close and pitched her voice into a low and soothing tone, “I’m here, pet. Miss me?”

There was something almost eerie, and yet undeniably exciting, about the fact that in her current state Talia was not only unable to speak but also completely incapable of making even the tiniest of sounds as she could not move air over her vocal cords. Instead the girl reacted physically, shifting within her confinement and breath slowing down as she visibly relaxed. At the same time the bound figure lifted her head as best she could as if trying to look up and gave the tiniest of nods.

Still smiling, Elise gently stroked the girl’s brow as she straightened up just a little bit, “Alright my dear, just hold tight while I get you a bit more comfortable.”

Talia nodded again but the pale brunette paid that little mind as she instead focused on carefully rolling the other girl onto her back before picking her up in what might loosely have been called a princess carry and transferring her onto the bed proper, careful all the while to avoid jostling her catheter. Watching as the tightly bound figure seemed to sink into the pillows, her toes pointed straight at the ceiling and her wondrously tight ass now deliciously vulnerable, Elise nodded in satisfaction before quickly closing the now empty travel case and easing it back onto the floor before perching on the edge of the mattress herself.

For a long moment the slender young woman just sat there, content to simply watch as her companion continued to squirm against her bonds as best she could, nothing more than the quiet sound of her breath filling the air between them. Indeed, for a long moment she simply admired her plaything’s utterly helpless form, but eventually the pale brunette reached out slowly and almost reverently with both hands, slender and softly calloused fingers gently pressing themselves against the younger girl’s cheeks and caressing the lean lines of her face as she carefully began to unwind the bandages just enough to free her head. Pale blue eyes blinking almost owlishly as she struggled to adjust to the sudden influx of light, Talia twisted just a bit in her bonds as if seeking a more comfortable position before craning her neck and looking up into her mistress’s smiling face, a faint blush coloring her darkly tanned cheeks even as the edges of her own pieced lips twitched ever so slightly as she tried to smile around the modest but still sizable ball gag filling her mouth. Not that a gag was necessary of course given the fairly thick tube running through the hole in the center of that bright red rubber, but the scenario would have felt incomplete without it and besides that Elise had always been a firm believer that the only thing sexier than a tightly abound woman was a tightly bound woman with a proper gag of some sort stuffing her mouth and stretching her lips wide.

Idly running her fingers through the bound girl’s dark hair, her surprisingly soft dreadlocks pulled back into a bun to keep them out of the way, Elise felt her smile shift into something far warmer, “There’s that pretty face. Having fun, pet?”

Talia nodded with surprising enthusiasm, her icy eyes alight with excitement and clearly turned on by her predicament.

Shifting her hips to lean over the girl’s prone form, Elise allowed a hand to drop down and caress the side of her slave’s face once again, the tips of her fingers brushing against the leather strap cutting into her cheek and delicately tracing the curve of her lower lip, “Would you like me to take the breathing tube out?”

Much to the young dominatrix’s surprise Talia shook her head with almost shocking vigor, the expression on her face suggesting that she was almost *offended* by the offer despite having endured the device’s presence for several hours at this point. Indeed, the look in her eyes suggested she was almost *hurt* by the suggestion, as if her mistress was doubting her.

Although initially shocked by that reaction, Elise slowly felt a smirk tug at her lips and a wryly amused chuckle escape her own throat. Still idly stroking her plaything’s cheek, the pale brunette leaned in close and pressed a kiss to the bound girl’s forehead, “You really *are* your mother’s daughter, you know that?”

Shivering softly as her mistress’s voice washed over her like a wave, breath quickening as she instinctively tried to swallow, Talia’s blush deepened ever so slightly as she offered an almost shy nod.

Still grinning, Elise shifted her position again and allowed her lips to trail down the younger girl’s brow before nipping at the curl of an ear, the faint but insistent pressure eliciting an almost startled hiss as the bound figure inhaled sharply, “Still, I suppose such endurance should be rewarded, no?”

Given the long and shuddering breath that escaped her, the young dominatrix imagined that Talia would have normally been moaning like a bitch in heat at that suggestion, but the young dominatrix decided not to comment. Instead she focused on the way her companion's eyes lit up with eager anticipation as she offered another vigorous nod. Not that such excitement was surprising of course, after all being rendered so utterly helpless and so completely at her mistress’s mercy was an enormous turn on if and of itself, but being left in that state for hours with nothing to do but imagine all the things her girlfriend would do to her when she was finally let out?

*That* had reduced the pale-eyed girl to a state of such intense arousal that Elise was actually a little surprised that she hadn’t simply burst. However once again she voiced none of that and instead the pale brunette simply offered a much more teasing smile before shifting her weight back onto the bed and taking hold of her companion's feet to still her struggles. Running her hands down the girl’s captive thighs and reveling in the feeling of toned muscles quivering beneath her fingers, the young dominatrix helped herself to a generous handful of her slave’s remarkably tight ass and squeezed just enough to elicit a quietly shuddering breath.

Of course the entire game was made a bit more difficult by the fact that Talia could not respond verbally, but while Elise could not use her plaything’s moans and cries as a guide, she liked to think she knew her lovers’ bodies fairly well at this point and before long she managed to work the younger girl into a frenzy, her bound body twisting and writhing against the bandages as she squirmed within the confines of her mummification, trying and failing to guide her mistress’s touch toward more… *intimate* places.

Not that it helped of course. Smile sharpening ever so slightly, the pale brunette continued to explore her slave’s tight body, each and every twitch of her muscles as she continued to writhe and squirm and pant only encouraging the young dominatrix further. However, after a few long moments of that, admittedly blissful, torture Elise relented, shifting again to fold her legs under herself before giving the bound figure’s catheter a playful tug and carefully moving the bandages covering her loins aside to expose her pussy to the cool air, smoothly shaved skin glistening with arousal while numerous intimate piercings glinted amid those delicate curves and folds.

Watching in amusement as her slave began to tremble in earnest now, lost in a potent mix of anticipation and arousal, the brunette found herself biting her lip to suppress a shiver of her own as she carefully ran a finger along the lips of the bound girl’s labia, the blunted tip of her fingernail teasing the little rings piercing each one, four on each side, before flicking at the slender horseshoe stud transfixing her hard and eager clit. Finding out just how extensive Talia’s body piercings actually were had been one of the more… *interesting* discoveries that came from taking the girl into her bed, perhaps second only to the fact that both her nipples and her tongue were equally pierced and that she had taken to eating pussy with truly remarkable enthusiasm for someone of such limited experience.

Blushing even as she felt a very different sort of smile curl her lips, Elise continued to tease the helplessly bound form curled up before her until the girl was practically hyperventilating with desire before stopping just as suddenly as she had begun. Given the way Talia jerked against her bonds so hard that her tightly folded frame actually jumped up off the bed just a little, it was clear that the pale-eyed girl very much did *not* approve. Of course, beyond offering a pleading look and shaking her hips as best she could in their confinement as she silently begged for her mistress’s touch to return, there was not much she could actually do about it. However, the young dominatrix was not completely without mercy and offered what, in different circumstances, might have been a reassuring smile before reaching across the way to grab her backpack off the other bed.

Never once breaking eye contact, she opened the bag with slow and deliberate intent before reaching inside and holding up a modestly sized butt plug for inspection, the smoothly polished stainless steel flashing in the somewhat dim lighting even as the false gemstone of pale blue glass set into the wide base sparkled almost menacingly. Eyes widening just a bit, Talia tried to swallow around the breathing tube again but despite that moment of hesitation she nodded ever so slightly at the question reflected in her mistress’s stormy gray eyes. Not that Elise was unsympathetic. After all, while the girl was far from unfamiliar with such things from their time exploring pet play together, she was still a bit shy about butt plugs, or rather how much she enjoyed them, and this one *was* a touch larger than the tail she usually wore.

Still, smiling ever so slightly at her pet’s courage, the pale brunette nodded back before coating the toy’s smooth surface with a generous layer of lube and pressing it against her plaything’s warm and trembling flesh. The first touch of that cold metal made her gasp and tighten up, but a firm though still gentle smack prompted her to stop resisting. Even then the bound girl could not help but wince as the toy slid into place and seated itself deep in her body, muscles clenching tight around the intruder with an eagerness that made her blush. Tapping on the base of the plug a few times to make sure it was fully inserted, and smirking at the way the bound girl’s eyes fluttered even as her breath hitched beneath the shock waves that seemed to reverberate up her spine, the pale brunette reached out with her free hand to pluck a vibrating egg from amid the other toys tucked in her pack and shoved the device into Talia’s quivering sex without warning, her slick flesh practically swallowing the thing whole even as her body clenched tight around the unexpected but very welcome intrusion.

On a whim, Elise bent down and pressed a kiss to the bound girl’s aching clit, carefully running her pierced tongue along that hard and eager nub as she switched the vibrator on, the combination of sensations making Talia practically spasm within her encasement as her hips instinctively bucked despite the bands of cloth binding her legs tight. Smirk widening ever so slightly, well aware of the fact that she’d left the vibrator on far too low of a setting to let the poor girl cum easily, the pale brunette practically crawled over that now trembling form to place a hand on her brow and stroke her hair gently. Looking down into almost desperate eyes, the young dominatrix offered a devilish smile before pressing a soft kiss to her captive’s lower lip, “There we are, pet. Cum as much as you like, if you can.”

No stranger to being edged, and well aware of what her mistress was not so subtly implying, Talia resumed her struggles as soon as those words washed over her, her entire body jerking hard against the bandages as she tried almost desperate to shift the vibrator’s position and enhance the sensations somehow. It was in vain of course, and with her protests quite literally caught in her throat the poor girl could do nothing when Elise flashed another, far more teasing grin, and climbed off the bed to begin unpacking properly. Still, even as she began to move their clothing into the dresser and hung a number of choice outfits in the closet to begin working the wrinkles out, especially the catsuit she had selected for tomorrow’s demonstration, the pale brunette could not keep her eyes off of her plaything’s increasingly desperate struggles, the bound girl’s panting, writhing form wriggling across the mattress as she continued to try and fail to push herself over the edge of climax, the almost harsh sound of air hissing through her breathing tube filling the room along with the low buzz of the vibrator and the faint creaking of bed springs.

While she tried to retain an air of indifference while she worked, almost as if she were ignoring the unintentional show her slave was putting on, the truth was that by the time she had finished emptying their suitcases and had taken their toiletries into the bathroom, the young dominatrix was feeling more than a bit hot under the collar herself, the faintest of blushes coloring her pale cheeks and an undeniable pulse of arousal throbbing between her own legs now. Then again that had always been one of the mixed blessings of her profession.

It could not be denied that Elise enjoyed the theater of BDSM, to say nothing of the control that being a domme offered her, but pretty girls had always been her greatest weakness and tying them up was such an incredible turn on that she still could not truly find the words to describe it. That was one of the reasons why she had adopted such rigid rules of behavior when with a client after all, rules that she had only ever broken when Claire had walked into her dungeons that fateful afternoon, but when she was alone with her girlfriends it was so hard to retain the icy and controlled mask of the dominatrix, to restrain her desires enough to keep playing the role that her subs expected and that she honestly enjoyed. Even now she longed to jump back up on the bed and pin Talia down before pleasuring the girl with fingers and tongue until she broke, or perhaps even better rip the gag from her mouth and ride her face until they were both howling with utter, rapturous ecstasy.

Biting her lip as a moan rose up in her throat unbidden, Elise instinctively cupped a breast as she began to lose herself in the fantasy of it all despite her best efforts, her nipples so hard that the outlines of her piercings were visible through the thin material of her t-shirt. Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath she could imagine every detail of it, the memory of a pierced tongue lapping at her most delicate flesh sending a flash of phantom pleasure up her spine and making her shiver as a much deeper and far more sensual moan threatened to escape her chest. Allowing her free hand to trail down her stomach and between her legs, but not allowing herself to touch where she so desperately wanted to be touched just yet, the pale brunette felt her pussy clench in sympathetic want as the fantasy continued to unfold, a new blush rising on her pale cheeks as an uncontrollable surge of arousal filled her core.

The only thing that could have made it better was if Claire happened to return to find them both in this state, visions of pulling the older woman into her arms and kissing her fiercely before tying her down to the bed flowering in her mind’s eye. A new jolt of desire seemed to race through her veins then as that thought ignited a taboo thrill deep within her as she imagined taking the daughter while her mother was forced to watch, bound and gagged and on edge herself. This time she could not stop herself from moaning almost desperately as her knees weakened and her pussy clenched again, nipples almost throbbing as she continued to fondle her own chest and the tips of her fingers brushed against the buttons holding her jeans shut.

By luck or by design, Elise found herself interrupted before she could go too far and actually start masturbating in the center of the room, the pale brunette almost instantly drawn back into the moment by the unmistakable sound of an electronic lock unlatching followed by the equally unmistakable sound of a heavy door opening and then closing again. Drawing the ragged remnants of her self-control about herself like a cloak, the slender figure squared her shoulders and turned just in time to see Claire stride back into the room with slow and easy confidence, her bare feet sinking quietly into the carpet and honest excitement reflected in those striking blue-gray eyes of hers. And yet, even as she felt herself smile at her lover’s return, what truly drew Elise’s attention was the fact that the older woman appeared to be completely naked save for the slender chastity belt locked around her hips and a cheap hotel towel held loosely against her chest. Not that either did much to protect what little remained of her modesty of course, though the redhead certainly did not seem to mind all that much if the warm smile on her face was any indication.

However, once the initial shock of her girlfriend’s apparent nudity wore off, the young dominatrix noted far more curious details, namely that her lover’s fiery hair was wet and slicked back in a way she generally avoided while her sun-kissed skin glistened with a faint sheet of rapidly drying moisture. Though again the woman did not seem at all bothered by that fact. She did not comment, not at first anyway, the desire writhing beneath her skin retreating in the face of honest curiosity as she watched her slave walk into the room like she owned it, hard won confidence and mature grace combined into an undeniably sensual package. Her smile widening ever so slightly, Claire paused and spared a moment to glance around as if inspecting her mistress’s work, that smile then shifting ever so slightly into a smirk when her gaze fell upon Talia’s still bound and struggling form. Yet even then there was a warm affection in her eyes that belied a tenderness and care that seemed at odds with everything else. Then again perhaps that was just another side effect of the rather unconventional relationship that the three of them had managed to forge, and the intricate web of bonds that tied them together in different ways. Besides, if nothing else the older woman knew *exactly* what her daughter was experiencing and, having been locked in chastity for nearly two weeks at this point in preparation for their little trip, likely sympathized.

Shaking her head to clear her thoughts once again, an odd sense of calm overtaking her for all that she could still *feel* the heat smoldering in her core, Elise stepped forward to greet her lover, taking hold of the older woman’s shapely hips with both hands and pulling her close before perching up on tiptoes to press their lips together, the faint but unmistakable scent of chlorine assaulting her nose, “Well now, it looks like *someone* had a good time without me.”

Wetting lips with the tip of her tongue, the taste of the pale brunette’s lip gloss making her blush ever so slightly, Claire managed a tiny nod before glancing back at the bed and the helpless figure upon it, an almost mischievous grin suddenly gracing her features as she allowed her voice to dip into a low and husky tone, “I could be having a better one, mistress.”

Elise chuckled softly despite herself, she really had created a monster with this one, hadn’t she? Not that she *minded* of course, after all taming a beast was far more satisfying than taming a fawn, “If *that’s* your idea of a good time slut, I fear you might actually explode if I tease you any more.”

Biting her lip to suppress a moan, the slight quaver in her voice betraying just how horny she actually was, Claire swallowed softly, “I’ll take my chances, mistress.”

It was Elise’s turn to smirk, a hint of something devilish reflected in her stormy eyes, but in the end the pale brunette did not press the issue. Instead she stepped back away from the older woman’s admittedly inviting body and turned to finish unpacking. She could sympathize with her plaything to be perfectly honest. Chastity, or at least serious explorations of chastity, *was* something of a fairly new game for the both of them and one that she had used only sparingly after a rather disastrous attempt to leave Claire belted for an entire month last October, the redhead’s frankly impressive libido turning the experiment into something more akin to torture, if a very kinky type. Paradoxically that had only made it better in some ways but even then the young dominatrix had made certain to step lightly ever since. Honestly two weeks was probably pushing things just a bit, though she had confidence that her lover could take it. Besides, she knew that the woman’s reactions when the belt finally came off again could be positively and delightfully *explosive*.

Not able to fully banish the smile curling her lips, Elise elected to change the subject instead, “Is that why you decided to go skinny dipping then? To cool off?”

Claire actually blushed as she moved to set the bundle of cloth she was carrying down, her folded up clothes tucked within the towel that had been covering her chest, freeing her breasts from their admittedly limited confinement in the process, “Not… exactly, mistress. I guess you could say I made a new friend.”

Lifting a curious brow, Elise paused for a moment before grabbing her backpack off the bed and moving it to the coffee table, “A friend? Well, color me *intrigued*.”

Still blushing softly, Claire instinctively moved to her mistress’s side to help finish unpacking, that blush only deepening as she watched a growing collection of vibrators, plugs, dildos, clamps, restraints and gags appear one by one, the younger woman laying them out on the table with almost surgical precision, “Her name is Brianna and I saw her sitting down in the lobby by herself with this wide-eyed expression, like she couldn’t believe what she was seeing. She looked so nervous and so excited at the same time, but she was also wearing a collar and had clearly just been untied. Still had marks on her face and wrists. It reminded me of myself, at least a little, and I guess I couldn’t help but be a bit curious.”

Elise made a tiny noise of agreement deep in her throat as she set a tightly coiled bundle of leather aside and placed her now empty pack on the floor, “I see. And that ended with you half naked in the pool?”

“Ah, well, she looked so adorably shy I couldn’t help but tease the girl a little.” Claire admitted, fighting the urge to look away, “She surprised me though, stripped down without hesitation to show off a chastity belt of her own.”

“Interesting.” Elise practically purred as she regarded her slave with a much more attentive eye. Chastity *had* become one of the redhead’s great fascinations of late despite her difficulty with it, or perhaps because of it, “Sounds like you had a rather… *eventful* evening then.”

Claire bit her lip but nodded, an almost hesitant look on her face as if she wanted to say more but was not certain how to put it into words, “Mistress? I… I may have implied she could join us tomorrow, or that I would ask you if she could.”

Caught utterly off guard by that particular revelation, Elise’s first reaction was to refuse. Incorporating someone new into their act would be tricky, by no means impossible of course, but still difficult especially with someone she had never worked with before and knew nothing about, especially if this girl proved to be an amateur. Any yet… and yet she could not help but be intrigued as well. Claire had always been an outgoing person, more so now that she had grown into her desires under the young dominatrix’s tutelage, but even so this was more than a bit out of character for her. Whoever this Brianna was she must have either charmed the older woman completely, or impressed her thoroughly, or both. Whatever the case, as she glanced at her plaything and noted how nervous the redhead looked as she waited for an answer, the pale brunette offered a slender and almost teasing smile, “I suppose it can’t hurt to at least talk to this mysterious girl of yours, but don’t do anything like this again without talking to me first. Understood?”

“Yes, mistress! Thank you, mistress!” Claire replied with honest enthusiasm, well understanding that the decision had already been made and relieved at the lack of real heat in her mistress’s words despite taking the warning to heart. Still, a sly smile suddenly curling her lips, the curvy redhead glanced up to meet the younger woman’s gaze, “Perhaps I should still be punished though?”

Driven more by instinct and desire than rational thought Elise shot forward, her hands darting out to tangle in her slave’s hair and draw her down into a hard and hungry kiss. Thrusting her tongue into that sweet and willing mouth with abandon, reveling in the quiet moan that seemed to rumble in her plaything’s chest, the pale brunette felt a shiver of pleasure race up her spine as she deepened that kiss. It was little more than an idle thought at first, but as she felt the curvy redhead slowly surrender she found that she could not get the idea out of her head, the fantasy that she had been entertaining before Claire’s return surging back to life along with the lust that had been pulsing in her veins. Breaking the kiss, and grinning almost cruelly at the way the older woman whimpered softly at the loss of contact, Elise leaned in close and whispered almost harshly, “That sounds like a marvelous idea, *slut*.”

Instinctively wetting slightly swollen lips with the tip of her tongue, Claire tried to reply but the younger woman silenced her with another kiss before taking a step and slowly forcing the older woman back until her knees hit the edge of the empty bed. An almost indignant squawk of surprise followed, the redhead’s eyes widened just a bit as she suddenly found herself shoved back with enough force that she actually lost her balance and toppled onto the mattress with a loud thud. Before she could think to protest that sudden bit of rough treatment, even if it secretly excited her to be manhandled so easily by the slender brunette, Elise pounced.

Hopping up onto the bed herself the young dominatrix straddled her slave’s waist and took hold of her wrists with both hands, stretching her arms out over her head while pinning her in place with yet another kiss, this one as hot and hungry as the first they had shared. Gleefully surrendering to her mistress’s passions, the redhead moaned deep in her throat as she closed her eyes and arched her back, thrusting her breasts out as if begging to have them played with while rocking her hips against the younger woman, the smooth metal of her chastity belt rubbing against her most delicate flesh in a maddeningly pleasant way with each and every movement. Not that it did anything to relieve the throbbing *need* in her loins of course, indeed it probably only made things worse, but Claire was beyond caring at that point. Utterly lost in the moment she could think of nothing beyond the weight pinning her down, the strong hands holding her in place no matter how much she struggled, and the soft lips that seemed to make up the entirety of her world. That was why it was such a shock when the fingers wrapped around her wrists let go all of a sudden only to be replaced a heartbeat later with something cool and soft and yet unyieldingly firm.

Tugging against the familiar pair of leather cuffs now binding her to the headboard, Claire blinked a few times to clear her vision and looked up into Elise’s grinning face, the pale brunette almost looming above her now as she shifted her hips to slide between the older woman’s legs. Swallowing softly as a familiar trill of excitement raced up her spine, the bound figure found her voice cracking as she dared to speak, “Mistress?”

Gently pressing a finger to her plaything’s lips, Elise’s smile turned teasing for the briefest instant before she leaned in just enough to allow the collar of her shirt to fall open and reveal the fact that she was not wearing a bra, “Don’t worry pet. Just stay still while I get you tucked in nice and *tight*.”

Pinned in place more by the intensity of the young dominatrix’s gaze than by her restraints, Claire found she could do little more than nod and watch as her mistress shifted again to slide back to the foot of the bed. Reaching out with both hands, Elise drew her fingers down the bound woman’s legs, tracing the lines of shapely thighs and teasing the sensitive skin of well-turned calves until the shockingly ticklish figure began to squirm despite herself and bit her lip hard to try and keep from laughing. Although the pale brunette could not help but smile a bit at her plaything’s struggles, she relented soon enough and took hold of her ankles, quickly spreading them wide and locking another pair of cuffs in place to leave the older woman stretched out helplessly spread eagle.

Twisting as best she could within her confinement as she tested her bonds, Claire was both surprised and yet not to find them loose enough that she could lay comfortably and tight enough that she could not escape no matter how much she tried. That was followed a moment later by the realization that she could easily spend all night like this and that her mistress most likely intended to keep her bound until morning at the very least. Blush darkening as she felt an all new spark of excitement bloom in her core, the familiar feeling of arousal racing through her veins only amplified by the way the slender brunette practically crawled up the bed to loom over her on hands and knees, the curvy redhead moaned softly when a hand moved to brush the hair from her brow before cupping a cheek with almost shocking gentleness.

Drawing the pad of her thumb down a delicate jawline, Elise’s smile grew gently teasing as she traced the curve of the bound woman’s lower lip and pressed gently on the cleft of her chin, “There we are slut, I like you much better like this. Now do be a good girl and say ‘ah’ for me, won’t you?”

Face flushed and eyes alight with excitement, well aware of what was about to happen and clearly overjoyed by that knowledge, Claire nodded and obediently opened her mouth, “Ah…nggg!”

Not content to let things play out according to the usual script, Elise struck as soon as her plaything’s lips parted, shoving one of their more rarely used gags deep into the older woman’s mouth and past her teeth. Given that it resembled nothing so much as a large rubber ball crossed with a mouth guard that had a slot cut into the main body to keep the tongue firmly trapped beneath it, working the toy fully into place took more than a bit of effort even with Claire’s cooperation. However, when she finally got the straps buckled into place and saw how beautifully the bright red rubber stretched her slave’s lips into a wide ‘O’ of surprise, the pale brunette could not help but conclude that it had been more than worth it.

While not the largest gag in their collection it was close, and thanks to its unusual shape it put far less strain on the wearer’s jaw that its size would suggest thus making it *perfect* for moments like this when she wanted to make certain the redhead was kept well and truly silent for an extended period of time. Biting her own lip as she idly traced the smooth surface of the gag with her fingertips and almost shivering at the way the bound woman moaned quietly as she leaned into her mistress’s touch, Elise spared a moment to drink in the sight before pushing herself back upright and adopting an almost teasingly suggestive expression, “Oh yes, much better. Though still missing something, I think.”

Whatever response Claire might have offered about her current predicament was cut short when a familiar pair of hands suddenly cupped her breasts, strong and yet slender fingers kneading delicate flesh as the pale brunette slowly and carefully teased already aching nipples to full hardness between thumbs and forefingers. Sensations that were only enhanced a moment later when, still grinning, Elise bent down low to take one of those sensitive nubs between pierced lips and suck gently, her equally pierced tongue drawing nonsense patterns along hot, throbbing skin as she worked. Utterly lost in bliss, the heat trapped beneath her chastity belt pulsing in time with her heart now, the redhead jerked hard against her bonds, muscles quivering as her limbs twisted and her back arched, eyes sliding closed as she tried to moan around her gag but succeeding only in making a tiny, muffled whimper. Not that her mistress let up of course, the younger woman’s finger hitting all of her plaything’s most sensitive spots as she began to work her way down, a trail of kisses branding her stomach in a slow and lazy arc while that tongue, that wonderfully terrible tongue, traced a line of fire in their wake.

Claire had thought she’d understood need, understood desire, understood wanting something so badly that it was etched into your very bones, but the truth was that after fourteen days of continuous denial, of being forced to look but not touch (or rather *be* touched), it struck her suddenly that she hadn’t understood anything at all. Because right now, as she lay chained down and gagged with Talia’s own equally helpless form squirming in frustrated desire across from her, she had never wanted *anything* more in her life than to have that mouth perched between her legs properly to embrace her nether lips in the most intimate of kisses.

Not that she expected her mistress to be so generous. After all, if nothing else could be said of her, Elise Adler was a woman of her word and she’d been quite adamant that the redhead would have no relief from her enforced celibacy, such as it was, until she was up on stage for all the world to see.

Thinking of that brought a very different sort of blush to Claire’s cheeks as she felt the pale brunette’s lips brush against the curve of her hip before working down the cables of her chastity belt, a pierced tongue tracing the edges of that slender metal thong until the older woman swore she could practically *feel* the heat of the pale brunette’s presence through the stainless steel imprisoning her most delicate flesh. A deeper and far more desperate moan followed as hot breath tickled her inner thigh and her hips bucked almost involuntarily, her imagination beginning to run wild as her mind began to conjure images of what it would be like to stand in front of an audience as helpless and as vulnerable as she was now. To be teased and punished and used until she lost all control, to have her pleasure and pain transformed into entertainment. Idly she found herself wondering if her mistress would actually make her cum on stage and the sudden surge of *want* that flowed through her veins was so powerful, so animalistically *intense* that the redhead felt her pussy clench almost desperately within its confinement. She practically spasmed against her bonds and cried out as best she could through her gag.

Whether she knew the cause or not Elise suddenly looked up with a positively devilish smile curling her lips, a flash of *something* passing through her stormy gray eyes as she surged forward and slipped a pair of clamps in place on her slave’s nipples, the spring loaded jaws biting into sensitive flesh deep enough to make the bound woman cry out again, though more in surprise than pain, the clamps themselves being nowhere near the harshest pair she had ever worn. Indeed the surge of pain was almost calming in some strange way as it cut through the haze of arousal and allowed Claire to center herself just a bit even as the contrasting sensations only amplified the way her entire body practically trembled with pure need.

Looking up to meet her mistress’s gaze, the beginning of tears forming in the corners of her eyes blurring her vision just a bit, Claire gave her chest an experimental shake as if trying to dislodge the clamps, the metal twisting just enough to make her wince even though her blush in no way faded. Thankfully it seemed that Elise understood what her plaything was trying to say, the younger woman’s expression softening just a bit as she pushed herself back up onto her knees and reached out with one hand to brush her fingers against the redhead’s cheek. A tiny smile curling her lips and making her piercings glint softly in the light at the way her lover nuzzled against her hand like the overly affectionate cat that she was, the young dominatrix leaned down to press a soft kiss to the other woman’s gag, “Now that she’s properly dressed, is my little slut ready for her reward?”

Part of her knew it was a trap of some sort but Claire honestly could not bring herself to care, the gag stuffing her mouth unable to completely contain her grin as she nodded with as much enthusiasm as her current predicament would allow, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph!”

Flashing another positively wicked grin Elise slipped a hand beneath her plaything’s body, helping herself to a generous handful of the redhead’s wonderfully shapely ass while also prompting her to lift her hips up off the bed as she could. From there a minor balancing act followed as the younger woman reached across her plaything’s prone form to select one of several butt plugs she had lain out on the coffee table earlier, this one almost identical to the one that Talia was already wearing, save the small cord that snaked out from its plain metal base. Not that either one of them paid much attention to that particular detail as the pale brunette carefully coated its smooth metal surface with lubricant and slipped the toy through the opening at the rear of Claire’s chastity belt, to insert it deep into the bound woman’s body without warning.

Although the first touch of cool metal made her gasp ever so slightly, her muscles tensing at the almost shocking sensation, the bound woman forced herself to relax a heartbeat later and almost instantly the plug slid into place without resistance. While not exactly new to this sort of thing the redhead’s blush still darkened ever so slightly as a familiar feeling of pressure washed over her, the sense of fullness that followed only enhancing the throbbing need deep within her as she rocked her hips side to side experimentally and explored the sensation in more detail.

Grinning now, Elise gave the woman one last playful squeeze as she drank in the sight of her slave’s struggles before withdrawing her hand and switching the vibrator on at last, the sudden surge making the bound figure gasp and writhe against her bonds in earnest, lush breasts jiggling ever so slightly and making the clamps adorning them practically dance. Idly flicking at her lip ring with the tip of her tongue, the pale brunette casually began to adjust the toy’s intensity, shifting it up and down and then up again until she hit the sweet spot and Claire’s arms and legs both seemed to spasm, fingers and toes curling as her entire body arched up off the bed as far as the cuffs would allow.

Satisfied with that reaction, Elise dropped the control box down onto the mattress and playfully tussled her slave’s fiery red hair before giving the woman one last kiss, “There we are. I do hope you enjoy your present my dear, but I’m afraid I must tent to my other pet now.” The woman’s grin turned almost conspiratorial as she leaned in closer, as if she were sharing some great secret, “I fear might burst if I leave her alone much longer.”

For a heartbeat or two Claire wanted to protest that *she* would probably burst at this rate for as much as she had come to honestly enjoy anal sex it had never been enough to actually make her cum without additional stimulation. Of course she also knew that was entirely the point of her current predicament and so eventually let out a breath through her nose and nodded, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

Elise just grinned and hopped off the bed, bare feet sinking back into the carpet as she casually strode back the coffee table while lifting her arms up over her head to stretch, her spine popping with an almost satisfying *crack* as she did. Letting out a satisfied sigh, the pale brunette shook her head and spared a moment to observe the scene before her as she collected a selection of toys and tools she would need for the next phase of her plan, her smile growing almost hungry as she took in the sight of Claire’s lush frame stretched out helplessly. The woman struggled while Talia’s own tightly mummified body twisted and writhed and panted in desperation, utterly silent despite the way her muscles visibly strained within their confinement.

In truth, as she rose back to her full height with her chosen bounty tucked into a small bag, the young dominatrix found it almost impossible to believe that any of this was actually real and that both of these wondrous creatures were actually *hers*. Life truly was strange at times but she certainly wasn’t complaining and, smiling for a very different reason and seized by a sudden but certainly very *appropriate* urge, the young woman stripped off the t-shirt she had been wearing with almost casual ease to let it flutter to the floor without ceremony. Her jeans followed a heartbeat later as she popped the buttons open with practiced ease and pushed the torn denim over her hips and down her legs to reveal that, much like her lack of a bra, she had also neglected to wear anything beneath them.

Naked now, Elise squared her shoulders and stepped across the room with purpose, patterns of light and shadow playing across her pale skin as she moved. Slipping between the beds she ignored the way Claire’s blue-gray eyes followed her progress and instead glanced down at Talia’s helpless and struggling form. Practically looming over the mummified figure, the young dominatrix offered the tiniest of smiles as she noted the way the girl’s darkly tanned skin was flushed with exertion, a faint sheen of sweat clinging to her brow while something like desperation flashed deep in her strikingly pale eyes.

Gently lowering herself down onto the mattress, Elise reached out and idly stroked her girlfriend’s hair, momentarily stilling those struggles and prompting the bound girl to look up at her with an almost pleading expression even as the harshness of her gag prevented her from making even the tiniest of sounds, “Tell me pet, are you ready to cum?”

For a moment it was like the pale brunette was speaking another language, confusion reflected on the bound girl’s face as if she could not understand what it was her mistress was saying. However, a heartbeat or two later Talia’s eyes widened in a way that would have been comical, if not for the almost frantic nod that followed.

Biting her lip to suppress a smirk, Elise set her bag of goodies down on the nightstand before cupping the younger girl’s cheeks with bolt hands and unbuckled her gag with long, slender fingers. Eyes flashing with excitement at the way her slave’s breath seemed to quicken as she worked, the young dominatrix flashed an almost impish smile before allowing her voice to drop low, “But you know you have to earn it, don’t you pet?”

Bucking hard as she briefly strained against the bandages binding her, the muscles in her arms and legs trembling with the strain, another nod followed as Talia let out an almost resigned breath and collapsed obediently back onto the mattress.

“Good girl. Now take a deep breath and hold it for me.” Elise instructed, offering a far more encouraging smile as she watched her plaything do as she was told. At the same time the pale brunette drew what looked like an over-sized syringe without a needle from her pack and used it to deflate the bulb at the base of the breathing tube, easing the strain on the bound girl’s throat and loosening the device ever so slightly. Finished with that task she took hold of the ball gag’s straps with one hand and gripped the tube tightly with the other before looking the younger girl in the eye, “Now exhale, hard.”

Once again Talia obeyed without hesitation, air rushing from her surprisingly strong lungs while her mistress popped the gag from between her lips and swiftly pulled the tube from her throat in one smooth motion, the device sliding free with only a bit of resistance. Even so, once it was finally out the pale-eyed girl broke into a fierce coughing fit as soon as she could breath again, tears running down her cheeks as she struggled to regain control of herself. Laying a comforting hand on her brow, and idly stroking her hair again, Elise quickly set the gag aside and gently pressed a bottle to her companion’s lips before propping her head up just a bit to help her drink. Instinctively taking a sip, and sighing as the familiar taste of peppermint honey tea washed over her tongue to to soothe her aching throat, the tightly mummified girl glanced up to meet the pale brunette’s gaze, her voice still rough and a bit shaky from the vibrator still teasing her trembling sex, “Th… thank you, mistress.”

“No need for that.” Elise assured as she pressed a finger to her captive's own pierced lips and offered an almost sultry smile in return, “I can think of *far* better uses for that tongue of yours, after all.”

Biting her lip to suppress a moan, shocked at how *good* it felt to be able to speak again, Talia instinctively rolled her hips as best she could in their confinement, the motion making the plugs filling her shift in a maddeningly pleasant way, “Yes, mistress.”

Heart racing in her chest and eyes flashing with desire as she watched that display, Elise idly flicked at her lip ring with the tip of her tongue again before a slender but positively *lascivious* smile tugged at her features. Setting the bottle of tea aside, the pale brunette levered herself fully up into the bed and moved to straddle Talia’s chest before twisting around to press her back against the headboard and lowering her hips to sit on her plaything’s face. Although the rather muffled cry of protest that followed brought a very different sort of smile to her face, the young dominatrix felt herself shiver at the sensation of hot breath caressing her most sensitive flesh.

That was followed by a moan, long as low, as a slender tongue began to trace the lips of her labia with almost obscene care, the surprisingly large stud pierced through it brushing against her clit and sending what felt like an electric shock deep into her body when it made contact with the ring transfixing that delicate nub. Shifting her hips again to press down on that captive mouth and ride the source of her pleasure, Elise felt her eyes slide closed as Talia struck a familiar rhythm. It really was incredible just how *talented* the girl had become in such a short period of time, to say nothing of how eagerly she had taken to her lessons. Perhaps she could not quite match Claire’s own hard won experience, but she more than made up for that with sheer enthusiasm and the presence of a tongue stud.

The sudden realization that she was comparing the oral talents of mother and daughter while both were tied up and at her mercy send a wonderfully intense, and deliciously taboo, thrill straight into Elise’s core and for a moment or two the slender young woman thought she might actually cum then and there. Not that it was the first time she had indulged herself like this of course, but even so that never seemed to diminish the experience. Indeed there were times when she wondered just how much more intense it would be to bind the both of them together and take them at the same time, but in the end she had never dared to voice such idle thoughts. She doubted either of her lovers would have been comfortable going that far, even if they did enjoy moments like this one, and if she were being completely honest with herself even the young dominatrix could admit that she would not have been comfortable asking in the first place.

No, there were some things that were best left in the realms of fantasy, though what a fantasy it was.

All of a sudden the tongue that had been pleasuring her jabbed at a particularly sensitive place with almost uncomfortable force, prompting Elise to cry out in surprise even as the unexpected sensation drew her back into the moment. Realizing that she had nearly lost herself in the overwhelming pleasure of it all, and that her pet was growing perhaps a bit impatient for her own promised reward, the pale brunette felt herself smile ever so slightly as she pressed her hips down harder in response while twisting around to pluck the last thing she would need for this little game from the nightstand. Brandishing the sleek, polished form of a silver bullet vibrator, angling the device just enough so that her pet could see despite her current distraction, the young dominatrix spared a moment to test the thing and make sure the battery was fully charged, the toy springing to life in her hand with an audible hum and making her smile widen into an almost devilish grin.

Wasting no further time, she reached around Talia’s tightly bound and harshly bent legs as best she could to wrap the power cord of the vibrating egg already teasing the poor girl around her finger and tug the device free with an almost audible pop, the younger woman’s slick flesh trying and failing to hold on to the intruder.

Before she could think to protest however the sleek dildo replaced it, her plaything’s quivering sex offering absolutely no resistance as her body seemed to swallow the toy whole only to clench tight when it activated again without warning. The reaction was almost instantaneous, the pale-eyed girl letting out a muffled cry of shock that was quickly followed by a long, low moan of absolute delight as her mistress began to fuck her in earnest, her hips bucked as best they could within their confinement as each thrust pinched her delicate inner walls between the device and the butt plug she was still wearing while sending a pleasantly alien sensation reverberating up her catheter and deep into her body. Of course that only made it better, and as the girl bucked and writhed and fought, the bandages containing her limbs almost quivering as they actually stretched ever so slightly against the ferocity of her struggles, Talia never once broke her rhythm. Even as she panted and moaned, breathing harshly through her nose as her mistress rode her, the young woman’s tongue continued to obediently lap as Elise’s own equally eager pussy with all the vigor she could muster.

Soon enough the pale brunette found her eyes sliding closed as she arched her spine sharply and threw her head back, a moan of utter ecstasy escaping her throat as she practically thrashed against her plaything’s body. An experience that was only made more intense somehow by the muffled cries of frustration filling the air as Claire squirmed helplessly in her own bonds, the redhead’s freckled skin flushed with arousal as she tried and failed to find relief from her own torment. Not that Elise paid that much mind of course, though she did watch the older woman’s struggles out of the corner of her eye as she began to rock her hips in a vaguely circular motion while thrusting ever harder into Talia’s quivering form, each lunge of the vibrator making the bound girl cry out as she rode the ragged edge. Biting her lip so hard that she very nearly drew blood, the slender young woman felt herself begin to come undone as her slave’s tongue probed deeper and deeper with each stoke, the stud pierced through it setting her nerves alight with almost overwhelming pleasure and threatening to plunge her into the abyss of orgasm.

However, before she could lose all self control her plaything beat her to the mark, gasping ever so softly as every muscle in her entire body seemed to pull as tight as spun steel in the same instant before an absolute *shriek* of delight escaped her even muffled as it was, her legs spasming as she jerked hard against her bonds and back arching so sharply that she seemed to actually jump off the bed ever so slightly despite the weight pinning her down. Perhaps that should not have been such a surprise given that she had already spent so many hours bound and gagged and teased, but whatever the case hearing the sound of her girlfriend’s voice muffled by her own flesh as she came and came and *came*, Elise felt her own concentration weaken just enough for her to lose all control. Ecstasy roaring through her veins like lightning, the pale brunette thrust her hips down hard as her pussy clenched and she instinctively bucked against the source of her pleasure, her own cry of delight piercing the air as she threw back her head and *howled*. Not that either one of them was prepared to surrender so quickly of course.

Whether it was pride or lust or simple desire both girls continued to lick and suck and fuck until the strain itself grew nearly unbearable and pleasure itself very grew almost painful in its intensity. Unfortunately, even if the spirit was willing the flesh had its limits and soon enough Elise felt as if something inside of her had broken, a strangled cry catching in her throat as a truly shattering orgasm tore its way free from her body. And yet, even then it was Talia who hit the wall first, the bound girl gasping once again before *screaming* like a banshee even with her mouth otherwise occupied, her tightly curled and thoroughly encased form shaking like a leaf beneath that onslaught of pleasure and pain before collapsing into a limp and panting mass like a puppet with its strings cut, her muscles trembling within their confinement as aftershocks continued to assault her athletic but utterly helpless frame.

More than a little spent herself, Elise still had the wherewithal to practically rip the vibrator free from her plaything’s limp and quivering form before turning it off and letting it tumble down onto the bed carelessly. With what felt like the last of her strength the pale brunette pushed off with her knee and tumbled over onto her side as she practically rolled off of Talia’s helplessly mummified body. Landing in a heap of tangled limbs, dark hair splayed out like an ebony curtain and pale skin slick with sweat, the young dominatrix spared a moment to try and catch her breath and carefully twist onto her back before pushing herself up into a sitting position and roughly combing her hair back into some semblance of order.

Claire was still moaning and writhing atop the other bed, chains rattling against the strain of her limbs as she fought her cuffs and metal clinking against metal as she rocked her hips almost desperately within the confines of her chastity belt, almost desperate now to shift the vibrating butt plug into a better position. However, as alluring as the image of the curvy redhead twisting madly in her bonds was, her breasts swaying invitingly as she worked her shoulders and her blue-gray eyes alight with desperate lust, Elise found her own graze drawn towards Talia’s softly panting form. Eyes closed and caramel colored skin flushed with exertions, the bound girl lay almost completely still as she slowly came back to herself, a look of satisfaction painted on her features while the occasional twitch still wracked her slender frame. It was an utterly entrancing sight to be perfectly honest, and one which brought a slender yet warm smile to the pale brunette’s pierced lips as she rolled onto one hip and reached out to run her fingers through the younger girl’s slightly damp and yet surprisingly soft locks.

Starting at the sudden contact, Talia opened her eyes and blinked a few times to clear her vision before looking up into her mistress’s face. And yet, before she could ask the question sitting on the tip of her tongue, Elise bent down and captured the girl’s own pierced lips in a soft and sensuous kiss, the taste of herself lingering in that sweet and oh so willing mouth. Pulling away ever so slightly, and smiling at the way her companion’s lips puckered as if instinctively seeking out another kiss, the pale brunette once again began to stroke a flushed brow and run her fingers through dark, coffee-colored hair, “You have an impressively strong tongue, pet. I see someone’s been practicing.”

While that compliment did nothing to help Talia’s blush, it did bring an almost impish grin to her face, “You know what they say, mistress. Practice makes perfect.”

Another kiss followed, this one a touch deeper than the first. Deep enough to make the bound girl moan as Elise’s pierced tongue dueled with her own, and make her whimper when it finally ended, “That it does, my dear. That it does.”

Talia managed a tiny smile at that, but before she could respond the tightly bound girl found herself suddenly rolled onto her side bringing her mother’s bound and mostly naked body into view, the redhead having lifted her shoulders up off her pillows as best she could to watch the pair, a mixture of intensely aroused frustration mixed with honest warmth painted on her features. While not exactly an unfamiliar situation at this point, the sight still brought a very different kind of blush to the pale-eyed girl’s face. And yet, she still could not help but smile just a bit at the older woman, thankful at the very least that *she* was not the one currently confined to a chastity belt. As strange as it might seem from the outside, this was the life that she had chosen, that they had all chosen together, and she had no regrets. However before her thoughts could wander too far the bound girl was caught off guard for a second time when Elise suddenly curled up against her back, her mistress’s slender and yet deceptively strong arms wrapped around her in a loose but intimate embrace.

Swallowing softly, and lifting her head to try and get a better view, Talia felt honest curiosity color her voice as she called out questioningly, “Mistress?”

“I’ll untie you in the morning, pet. Both of you.” Elise promised as she molded herself against her girlfriend’s wondrously toned and intoxicatingly warm body, “For now, let me enjoy being the big spoon for once.”

It was such an unexpectedly silly response that Talia could not help but snort in amusement and even Claire chuckled softly around her gag, but in the end the pale-eyed girl just nodded and let her head drop back down to the pillow as she squirmed just a bit to try and find a more comfortable position, the feeling of the brunette’s heartbeat an almost calming rhythm against her skin, “Of course, mistress.”

Brushing her lips against the back of Talia’s neck, and playfully nipping at the gauge piercing her earlobe, Elise found herself smiling again as she tightened her embrace, “Sleep tight my dear, and sweet dreams.”

Biting her own lip to stifle a grin at that particular pun, and to try and keep herself from shivering at the feeling of hot breath caressing her skin softly, Talia managed a tiny nod, “Thank you, mistress.”

As she moved to press another kiss to the girl’s cheek a muffled cry of protest drew Elise’s attention back toward Claire’s bound and struggling form, the older woman’s fiery hair knocked askew and a look of desperation painted on her admittedly lovely features. Eyes drawn to the sight of the clamps dangling from her slave’s hard and eager nipples, to say nothing of the slick sheen of arousal glistening on her inner thighs, the slender brunette felt her smile turn almost cruel, “Oh, is something the matter, slut?”

“Perhaps she’d like you to tuck her in, mistress.” Talia interjected, clearly amused by the situation and never one to turn down an opportunity to tease her mother.

Claire let out another, heavily muffled, cry of protest as she shook her head fiercely and strained against her cuffs, hips bucking sharply in a silent plea for relief but Elise ignored that and pretended to ponder the pale-eyed girl’s words instead, “Perhaps so, pet. It *is* going to be a very long night after all.”

The redhead almost whined at that not so subtle reminder that her chastity belt would remain locked tight for the foreseeable future, her eyes almost pleading now and her muffled cries desperate, “Pmmnphm, mnphphrmphph!”

It was tempting to keep the game going, but in the end Elise chose to take pity on her lover, at least a little bit. Propping herself up on one elbow, the pale brunette reached out over Talia’s prone body to grab a small remote off of the now very cluttered nightstand. With the press of a button she deactivated the vibrator that had been teasing Claire so relentlessly while also opting to leave the plug in place for the time being, not that the older woman seemed to mind all that much, “Patience my dear, patience. It would be a shame to spoil your appetite now, especially after we’ve gone to so much trouble stoking it, no?”

Claire groaned again, but in the end acquiesced, a strange glint in her eye as she nodded softly before practically collapsing down onto the mattress in a heap and wincing ever so slightly at the way the sudden motion jostled her nipples clamps, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

Carefully setting the remote down again, Elise stretched out as far as she could to turn out the lights and plunge the room back into darkness, though quickly enough her eyes adjusted to the way the soft light of the streetlamps outside filtered through the curtains and played across the curves of her girlfriends’ bodies with an almost ethereal glow. Smiling gently, more to herself than anything else, the pale brunette dropped back down and once again curled herself around Talia’s helplessly mummified form, the way the younger girl seemed to instinctively burrow into her embrace, lighting a familiar warmth in the young dominatrix’s chest.

For the second time that night she found herself marveling at the unexpected directions that her life had taken to lead her to this point, but as her thoughts began to wander and the siren song of sleep beckoned Elise Adler found that she no longer cared. Whether it was luck or fate or random chance she could not imagine a more perfect moment than this one, or more wonderful people to spend it with, and as much as part of her hoped that this night would never end the rest of her knew that the morning would somehow be even better. Though perhaps that was simply the nature of being in love. Whatever the case, as she began to drift away Elise Adler felt another smile tug at her lips, content in the knowledge that whatever the future might hold they would face it together.
