---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Prolonging the Feeling
authors:
- Cagedsgt
tags:
- F-m
- bond
- chast
- con
- X
date: 2007-02-27 00:00:00
---

In the hurried sexcapades of youth, during those back seat flings and the quickies of youth, because Mom and Dad might show up at any time. I was left with a very serious problem. My problems was that of premature ejection. I wasn't able to hold back, more then two or three minutes. I would loose my self control, and shoot my load. If my lady enjoyed playing for a while first I would always explode in her hand and be unable to get another hardon for her to enjoy. This became a problem as the years passed by.

At age twenty five I had disappointed probably a hundred women. It was getting very rough on my ego. And then I met Carol. She worked in the same factory that I did. We were soon going out together and shortly ended up at either my place or her's on a regular basis. Carol and myself were quickly falling in love. We really enjoyed our time together, our personalities seemed perfect for each other. But with my problem of quickness, Carol was getting pretty frustrated with my sexual performance, and I couldn't blame her but for some reason she stuck it out with me.

Our time together was so good, other then the problem with my sexual performance. And Carol was determined to work things out and not run out on me and my problem. We had a long talk and the bottom line was that Carol insisted that I agree to put my problem in her hands. She promised to take care of it so that we could both get what we needed, out of this other side of our relationship. I figured that something had to help so I agreed and gave Carol through words complete control of our sexual fulfillment. The first few times were a little better. Not having the mental pressure of being responsible eased some of the problem but not all of it.

But the other week things got even worse or better, I think, when Carol came up with a new solution to my problem. She told me to lie back and relax. I did and then she began to stimulate my cock with her hands. It felt so good. Yet with in seconds I was ready to shoot my load as normal. And that is when Carol surprised me by stopping. I begged her not to stop but she simply put her finger to my lips and said, "Don't worry love, I have to teach you that it doesn't have to be quick. I have to teach you that it is better if it builds up."

We laid there with Carol sweet talking me reassuring me that she had my interest at heart and as soon as my cock started to lose its stiffness Carol started her game again. She ran her hands up and down the length of my shaft and massaged my balls. She kept this up until I was on the verge of orgasm and then she stopped again. It seemed strange but I could tell that this time took longer to settle down from. Carol teased me just short of orgasm five or six more times each time taking a little longer to settle down. I had wonderful thoughts that just maybe she had found a way to change my poor sexual performance.

After she had done this about ten times she climbed up and straddled my cock like a vulture ready to attack. She looked ready and out of control but control is the one thing that she did have. She placed my hands on her small breasts. I gently massaged them and felt the nipples stiffen under my touch. Then she started to lower herself down, slowly engulfing my cock inside her pussy. I quickly thrust up to get the full feeling but she knew what I was trying and lifted off, sweet talking me back into a calm relaxed feeling. She insisted that I lay back and let her have her way.

Slowly she lowered herself back down onto my cock. This time I was ready and she had control. She started to slowly ride up and down my shaft. Having my cock surrounded by her hot juicy pussy was to much and again I started to pump up into her. As soon as she felt my movement she raised off of my cock again. Time and time again she would ride me and as I moved with her excitement she would raise off only to start over again after she let my excitement die slightly. So I tried my hardest each and every time to lie there perfectly still on the outside and yet going insane on the inside. Then once I was able to stay still until she had me on the very edge she reached behind her bouncing body and grabbed my balls. She pulled down sharply. I was one second ready to explode and the next screaming in pain bucking like a bull. But it did the trick, it controlled my orgasm.
She kept this up for over an hour and then she slid off and turned around, placing her swollen juicy pussy in position over my face. She rubbed herself all over my face, leaving a trail of her warm sexy juices. I could have climaxed right then and there just from the taste and smell of her wetness but her hands on my balls squeezing them softly as a warning was just enough to hold me back. I start concentrating on something to take my mind off of how excited she had me.

Finally, she settled down with her pussy over my mouth. Her thick muff tickled as I went to work sucking, nibbling and even biting down on her swollen lips. As I concentrate on her pussy she took my cock into her mouth. She nibbled at the head, sending little spasms of delight up and down my spine. I stopped my action to enjoy what she was doing to me but that was a mistake because she again squeezed my balls hard as she screamed, "Don't stop now."

I started again and she went down on my shaft pressing and sucking with all her strength. My tongue darted in and out of her musky twat while my upper teeth rubbed her stiff clit. She began to rock back and forth, moaning. As I felt her pussy walls tighten around my tongue she released her hold on my balls and I quickly squirt my love juices down her throat. Never had it felt so good to finally climax.

We both fell asleep in each others arms totally exhausted from sexual satisfaction. I woke the next morning with a dull throbbing ache in my balls and actually felt that maybe Carol had damaged them. But my stirring awakened her and she started on my cock with her very talented mouth again. It took her close to ten minutes of hard work before she finally got my cock hard enough to mount me. She repeated her game of holding my balls and by the time she finally allowed my orgasm, I was to tired and to sore to get out of bed.

Carol played this game for over a month and every once in a while she would try it without her hold on my balls and I would be right back to the old ways. The other night Carol started talking about finding a new method that might help even better with my problem. She said, "Be ready for a thrill this weekend. I am going to take you to another new high and all I ask for is for your trust." I let her know that I was hers and I would do anything for her enjoyment.

I arrived home Friday evening to find close to a dozen magazines on the coffee table. Carol wasn't around so I set back and thumbed through the magazines. They were all about female domination and mostly had stories about genital bondage and ball binding. They caused me to get very excited and I didn't waste much time until I had my own cock in hand and went to work in a frenzy of excitement. As I was spurting my juices all over the place Carol walked in and got very angry. She informed me that I had given her control over my sexuality and that meant that I wasn't allowed to do myself any longer. Then she added that I had to learn a lesson for taking her pleasure from her.

She grabbed my limp cock and tugged it like a dogs leash, leading me into the bedroom. Without releasing my cock she collected a few of her silk scarfs and proceeded to secure me spread-eagled to the bed. Once she had me secure she brought her magazines back in. Then she asked, "Which story were you reading when you shot your load."

The story I was reading was real wild and I was some what afraid to tell her which one but with a tight squeeze to my balls she got it out of me. She sat down and read it over and over. Then finally she got up and left me bound to the bed. I heard the car start and drive away. I was very scared that I had frightened her away. But all the struggling in the world didn't loosen the knots that held me. It seemed like days but probably wasn't over a few hours and I heard a car pull up in the driveway. Shortly I saw the door open and finally pulled myself back together as I realized that it was Carol.

I tried to speak but she shook her head and placed a finger to my lips. She started talking and said, "I am very sorry but I couldn't find everything in the story but I will try to make it as close as I can."

She started to place straps around my cock but as she touched it, it jumped to erection. She smiled and said, "This won't do. I have to have it soft to get everything right." She walked out and returned shortly with a tray of food. For the next hour or so she fed me with one hand and tightened a strap with the other. Never enough at a time to excite me but always enough to let me know that she was doing something. Then finally she said, "Finally, tight enough."

At this she got up and said, "Now, to let you in on what you are about to endure. I have your cock and balls under my total control and they will stay under my control until I feel you have totally learned your lesson and my new way of life."

With that she started teasing my cock. As I started to get a hardon the pain was unreal. Carol laughed at me and said, "I have just given you a small sample of what to expect if I haven't decided it is time for your cock to get hard."

She kept me bound either to the bed or with my hands secured behind my back, for two weeks. During this time she teased and tormented my body and cock, forcing me to orally satisfy her dozens of times each day. Finally she started to remove the straps that held my cock. The freedom was super and with out any prompting I had an enormous hardon. It was strange but I didn't have a truly excited feeling just a hardon. Carol quickly took control and with me still bound to the bed she used my hardon for her pleasure. It seemed like hours passed as Carol rode my cock, I felt her body wither in orgasm after orgasm. Finally about an hour after she started I finally couldn't hold back any longer and exploded deep inside of her.

"I didn't give you permission to shoot your load inside of me. You still need more training." I felt wonderful that I had held back for the first time without her tightly squeezing my balls and yet she was still unhappy. She again started to fasten straps tightly around my cock and balls and again for two weeks I was teased and tormented as my bound balls ached for her touch, and when she did touch them they ached from the tightness of the straps. I was in a no win situation and I loved every second of it.

It took me three months of this treatment before I learned all I had to do was let her know how close I was and ask her permission. Yet, still I am forced to wear cock and ball harnesses or chastity belts so that I can never touch myself again. I love the total control that Carol has over me and I never dreamed that I would learn to really enjoy sexual fulfillment through prolonged denial. But it is wonderful and Carol is truly my cock and ball Mistress.
