---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Love of Rubber
authors:
- Willy Jim
tags:
- F/m
- F+M+/f+
- mpov
- latex
- catsuit
- hood
- heavy
- urine
- tape
- straps
- bond
- mast
- electro
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-07-30 00:00:00
---

#### Love of Life Part 2

When I woke up, Sherry was no longer by my side. Even though our encounter was brief, I missed her embrace. I got up and realized that Sherry had decided to leave sometime during the night. I was filled with a sense of regret for not telling Sherry how I felt before she left. I walked into the kitchen feeling low. Quite to my delight, there was Sherry still in her rubber suit. She had made some coffee and was in the midst of making breakfast. “Good morning, Willy,” she said with a grin. “Sleep well?”

I did not say a word but immediately grabbed her and kissed her passionately. All I said was “Yes.”

She blushed and said nothing. We sat and ate breakfast, talking the entire time about how we both enjoyed last evening. I was surprised to hear that Sherry also had a rubber fetish her entire life. This is one reason she got into a dominatrix. It afforded her the opportunity to be in and around rubber. Here we were, two people sitting there sharing our secrets, totally comfortable in our tight-fitting, sweat-filled rubber suits as if it were perfectly normal. I could not help but think that this all somehow seemed fortuitous, as if all this was meant to happen. It is too early to foresee how all this will work out, but as Bogart said in Casablanca, “I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.”

Sherry and I finished breakfast. We both needed to clean up. I let Sherry go first. I want to go back to my timeline to make notes about the first things I need to plan for my “Dark Willy” videos. The plan was to make one final video and then end the franchise. My thought was that Sandy and Candy would never volunteer for the torture I was planning for them. However, I would make sure they participate even if it is reluctantly.

My plans after that are simple. I plan to sell my interest in the studio to Sandy, ending our partnership. This will be an outright purchase for everything but the Poor Willy franchise revenues. My skin was literally in the game. I plan to do the same with Bobby, but I will sell the business to him on a long-term basis with set monthly payments. Beyond that, I have certain hopes and inspiration, but that will have to come later.

Back to the planning. I need to meet with Bobby to present the whole plan to him. I will need to know what Sandy has planned for me. Bobby may not know it all, but he will know what props she wants to use on me. I will need certain props that fit her and Candy. Beyond that, I will need special rubber items to meet certain design requirements. I called Bobby to have him come to my home to discuss our new “venture”.

Bobby was prompt. I invited him in and we went directly to my dining room table where my plans were laid out. Bobby, like Sherry, was curious about all that was in front of him. I figured I would start with the good news. “Bobby, I am planning on retiring for good. I want to sell you the business. I have worked it out in such a way as to make it financially doable for you.”

“What about the studio?" he asked.

“I plan to sell the whole thing to Sandy. All that I will keep is the Poor Willy franchise and its revenues. Speaking of Poor Willy, I have some new plans for the poor guy.”

Bobby and I talked for several hours about my Dark Willy video plan. I told him Natasha was in on it, however, I did not implicate Sherry. I emphasized that this must remain a total secret until the day of the video shoot. Bobby agreed. Seems Bobby was just as upset about how extreme Poor Willy had become. He was close to walking away from everything rather than keep supporting Sandy’s fantasies. I assured him he need not walk away, but together we would ensure a little well-deserved payback. He told me that Sandy and Candy were going to meet with him tomorrow to go over his part in their plans. After that, we would meet again on how to turn the tables.

After Bobby left, I began to design some essentials for operation “DW” (Dark Willy). The first thing would be the suits. There would be several, each increasing in thickness and tightness. All of them would be made out of transparent rubber. The world will be treated to everything that happens in their torturous rubber suits firsthand. The inner suit will have pussy and anal sheaths but the sheaths will be made of conductive rubber. There will be gags, but they will be custom-made for their dental impressions. This will take some effort, but we have time. The outer suits will have provisions for “Wet Play”. There will also be a custom-made rubber sauna suit made for each of them with internal coils for hot and cold cycles. All suits will be airtight. The hoods will also be extreme with all manner of breath play options. All suits will be lockable. The audience really loves that feature.

Next came some of the appliances. I will modify my computer controller-smelling vapor machine to accommodate both of them at once. I plan to work with 3M here in Minneapolis to identify “fragrances” that are particularly offensive to humans. Of course, they will not know the end use. I will add valves and the necessary plumbing to accommodate every smell we identify. Now, on the girl’s eating and drinking needs. Piss has always been a drink of choice for Poor Willy. We will, of course, design a suitable delivery method for any beverage we choose. As far as food is concerned, I am sure we can find things that match the wretchedness of stale piss to add to their diet.

Even though not all of this is totally worked out, I know there is a vital part missing. We need to conjure up several disgusting and embarrassing situations to put the girls in. I will need Natasha and Sherry’s input on this one. I know what they put me through, but we need to top those efforts. It was later that week when I had a chance to call Natasha. She apparently thought over our brief conversation and had plenty to add. I was taken aback by how upset she was with Sandy and Candy. “This business we girls are in is based on trust. Our clients know that even though we push their buttons, their safety is still our concern. What Sandy and Candy did to you for the sake of their precious videos was wrong. It was not fantasy for the sake of the camera. It was downright torture for the sake of clicks. Let me know what I can do to make it right.” I told her where we were at this point. I went over some of my ideas. She was surprised. “Are you sure you do not want to join me in the business? I think you would make a great master.” It was a great compliment from her, but for the moment, my plans were for a one-hit wonder. She added a few suggestions, and I told her that I need some scenarios to add to the pot. She agreed to provide some suggestions.

It was late afternoon when I got to the studio. Sandy and Candy were booked as usual. Sherry was handling the main desk as I walked in. She lit up when she saw me. “Hello, Mr. Will.”

I said, “Just call me Will until we think of something better.”

She blushed. “If you want to see the girls, they will be booked until at least 5:00.” Funny how her voice changed when she said “girls”.

“No, actually I was hoping I could talk to you and convince you to come over tonight. I have put together a few plans. I would like to get your input.”

She gave me a devilish look and purred, “Is that all you want to input?” Then she winked. It was my turn to blush. For someone who has been seen at times to be shy and innocent, she can be very seductive when she chooses. Sputtering a bit, and managed to answer. “You will have to work on that nickname,” She giggled, and I left.

It was early evening when Sherry arrived. She was still dressed for work, wearing a black rubber halter top and a short rubber skating skirt, and rubber panties. She was still wearing her provocative makeup. I welcomed her in and told her I had ordered pizza and asked if it was OK. She agreed, and we sat down, and I began to fill her in on my plans so far. I talked about the suit designs. She was very intrigued, especially about the use of several layers, transparent rubber, tubes, and sheaths. She was curious about this whole conductive rubber thing. “How does that work?”

I put on my engineering hat and started a tutorial on conducive rubber. “Conductive rubber is commonly used in industry. Rubber is mixed with a conductive material like carbon and even silver, making it able to conduct electricity. Its most common use is for touch switches. I plan to make vaginal and anal sheaths out of the material. Touch it with an Estim and it will produce a shock. Here is where it gets interesting. If I add conductive rubber patches to the crotch and butt parts of the outer suits, they too will conduct current to the inner suit. In other words, I can add as many rubber suits as I wish with these patches, and by simply touching the outer suit with an Estim, the charge will go directly to the bottom suit.” I sat back and smiled.

Sherry’s eyes widened. “You mean no wires?”

“None on the inside, however, the outer suit would be wired.”

“Can those wires be controlled so different spots get different zaps?”

“Absolutely,” I responded.

It seems Sherry was getting into all this, then she asked, “Can the nipples be zapped the same way?”

“Absolutely.” Sherry’s demeanor was changing by the minute.

“Can a man’s suit be made the same way with a conductive penis and anal sheath?”

I began to squirm a bit when I answered, “Yes.”

“Can an entire rubber suit be made of this conductive stuff?”

I leaned back when she asked this. “My my, you little minx. You are really getting into this, aren’t you?”

“Frankly, it is turning me on.”

Our pizza came. It was a good thing, as things between Sherry and me were beginning to heat up. We ate while we continued. “I see tubes in your drawings. How do they work?” Ah, yes, the plumbing. The inner suit will have nose tubes. a gag tube, a tube attached to a catheter, and one attached to a double Bardex tube in the rear. Like the conductive rubber, the tubes can be fed through the various rubber layers so that they can be accessed from the outside. This way, the tubes can be connected to each other in any number of ways.”

“You mean let’s say the mouth tube could be connected to the catheter?”

Sherry’s decadence was now turning me on. “Yes, and not only that, I have developed computer-controlled micro valves and micro pumps to remotely control the flow of any bodily fluid.”

“You mean you can produce a urine enema by pumping urine from a bladder to a rectum?”

“Ah, yes, that’s part of the plan.”

It was then that I realized how turned on we both were. Sherry was the first to speak. “Will, are you OK? Your face is beet red and you are sweating.”

I responded with a shaky voice, “I am OK, just a little distracted right now.”

“If this is turning you on as much as me, then perhaps we should take a break. I think we both need a diversion.” I got the impression she was not suggesting a second helping of pizza. “Wait here, I saw something that might help.” With that, she walked into my rubber playroom and returned with a rubber object that I almost forgot I still had in my possession. “This is an odd rubber item for a solo rubber guy. Can you explain?”

It turned out that the thing Sherry was holding was the rubber shorts with an attached service hood that Jenny wore the last time we had sex. “I can explain.”

Sherry sat down, eager to hear my story. I began explaining to Jenny how we met in college, how we became intimate, and how I found her one night in a smooth skin wet suit. I described how she introduced me to rubber with an old Hydroglove dive suit. I talked about our rubber love life after that, the breathplay right down to the plastic bags on my hands, so she could watch me struggle. I told her of our last night together when Jenny wore the rubber service pants that she found. I then told her how Jenny left me and about my solo rubber life after that.

“Do you still miss her?”

“No, not until now, and it is not Jenny I miss. I find that I now realize the importance of companionship.” I found myself looking straight into Sherry’s eyes. She reached out and pulled me toward her and kissed me passionately. She then sat back and said, “I’ll tell you what, Willy. I love role play. How would it be if I were your Jenny for tonight? Do you have this hydro thing rubber suit?”

She took me by the hand and walked me into the playroom. “Let’s find the suit.” I pulled the old suit out of one of my drawers. “Let’s get you into this.” She very seductively removed my clothes and helped me into the two-piece suit. “How does this thing work?” I showed her how the two pieces roll together to form an airtight seal. She then guided me over to the bed, where she lay me down on my back. She disappeared for a while, returning wearing the rubber shorts. She also found plastic bags and proceeded to tape the bags to my hands.

“There, now you are helpless,” she purred. She stood up next to the bed. Standing there, I was eye level with the rubber shorts and hood that would soon consume my head. I noticed the shorts were a bit loose on Sherry as she was smaller than Jenny, but the rubber adjustable waist and leg belts still sealed tightly to her waist and thighs. She climbed on the bed and straddled my head. Unlike Jenny, Sherry chose my head to be face up. She slid the hood over my head. I was not greeted by the smell of fresh rubber like last time. The hood was musty inside, no doubt due to its time in storage, plus I did not clean the suit before storing it.

This unpleasantness was short lived as I was soon greeted by the sweet smell of Sherry’s pussy. She must have been very turned on as she was very wet, and the hood steamed up immediately. Sherry tightened the straps on my neck, forcing me tight against her. “Can you breathe OK in there?”

I muttered something about how hard it was to breathe but once again with my lips pressed tight to her cunt, it was unintelligible. To that, she responded, “Good, glad you can breathe.” I figured it was not worth repeating myself.

Sherry was obviously enjoying herself, judging from all the moaning and fast breathing. She began to slowly gyrate her pelvis, grinding her pussy into my face. She came quickly and violently, she pushed down with her whole body weight, nearly crushing my head in the process. I could not breathe. She held me there for at least a minute before releasing me. I nearly passed out. She then leaned her tiny body forward and laid her head on my stomach. She deliberately did not touch my groin. She must have instinctively known that the slightest touch would send me over the edge. She lay there for several minutes.

I managed to catch my breath and began once again to pleasure her with my mouth and tongue. It did not take long for her to start gyrating again and pressing down on my head. This time, she began to thrash and pounce up and down, almost pounding my head into the bed. She came again violently, not only pressing my head to the bed but squeezing her thighs, holding my head like a vice.

Fortunately, all of this subsided quickly. However, it was soon followed by a deluge of vaginal secretions which flooded my hood. I was already struggling to breathe, and now I am drowning in Sherry’s visceral fluids. She lay down on my body again, trying to recover from her orgasmic high. Once we both caught our breath, we began again. This time, my face was a horrid mess, dripping with sweat and discharge. As funny as it sounds, I was actually blowing bubbles in the slime every time I exhaled. That drove Sherry wild. She fell forward onto my chest again. This time she reached out to my groin and began to stroke my cock. I almost came immediately. We both reached our peak at the same time. The entire bed came alive as both of us were thrashing wildly in a frantic orgasmic frenzy, losing all control, and both hysterically screaming in an explosive burst of ecstasy. We both collapsed, frantically trying to catch our breaths.

We lay there motionless for several minutes. Then suddenly, Sherry began to scream, “OH no! Not Now! Oh my God. Not now!” She began to thrash around, tugging at her pants, the straps, the hood, frantically trying to loosen them. Nothing was working. I had no idea what caused the panic. I soon found out. She had a sudden and violent urge to pee. She tried desperately to hold it, but lost it. She was trying to get out of the pants.“Oh my God!. I am sorry! Oh God! Oh God! The piss burst onto the hood spraying out of the breathing hole like a geyser. I was drowning in piss! I panicked and began to swallow massive amounts of piss. I could not breathe. I finally succumbed and passed out.

When I woke we were both laying in a rubber covered bed in the middle of a lake of piss. My hood was off, yet Sherry was still on top of me. She must have passed out as well. We both started to move slowly. Finally, Sherry tried to sit up. She began to gather her wits and immediately began to cry, trying desperately to apologize through all the tears and sobbing. I sat up and turned around, and I took her in my arms to try and comfort her. She was sobbing hard. She was trembling. I, too, began to tremble, but not from weeping. I was laughing. I could not hold it back. Before long, I was roaring with laughter. Sherry looks up at me, eyes still full of tears, and slowly begins to giggle, which turns into a chuckle, then finally laughter. We both fell into each other’s piss soaked rubber covered arms and laughed our heads off. We both splashed down on the piss soaked bed holding each other in our arms.

Several weeks passed after our piss soaked encounter. Sherry and I spent a lot of time together, mostly in rubber. We also got to know each other better, and I began planning for our time together after all this Poor Willy nonsense was over. Speaking of planning, Bobby, Sherry, and Natasha all shared with me Sandy’s plans for Poor Willy. Nothing she had done to Willy up to this point would even begin to compare to the torture she planned for the next video. The plan was to put me in the hands of “obsessed fans” who would put me through the most insufferable torment. Through her connections, she managed to find a willing group of rubber men who actually hate the Poor Willy character. They were more than willing to take on the role of sadomasochistic degenerates, ready to commit any and all barbaric acts to fulfill their hatred for Willy. Sandy’s plan was to pick up where the last video left off, with me being kidnapped and taken to some location where I would be tortured unmercifully in front of the camera. Unknown to her, we were planning an alternate ending.

The first thing we need to do is find a way to cancel the rubber men’s role in all this. Bobby was brave enough to inform them of the change. They were not happy. Bobby managed to put all the blame on Sandy, convincing them that she was going to screw them out of any payment. I would not want to be in her shoes if they decide to seek some sort of revenge on her. They really wanted to get their hands on Poor Willy. Second, we needed to decide where we would film this sequence. We decided that we would set up right in my playroom. We would dress it up to look even more ominous. If nothing else, we could pull equipment from the studio if we needed it. Besides, I loved the idea that some of my current equipment would be converted to be used by two people.

The day of the shoot arrived. Everything was in place. My playroom was well stocked and equipped with everything we needed for the shoot. As far as Sandy and Candy were concerned, we would pick up where we left off. I would dress again in my face entry rubber suit, mouth gag, then layered in my heavy rubber gimp suit. They planned to check me into the same room at the hotel, and from there, the “kidnappers” stole me away. We headed to the hotel. Sandy and Candy were there with the camera crew. What they did not know is that Bobby, Sherry, and even Natasha were also there, waiting out of sight. Everything was set. I was lying down on the bed, so it looked like everything was the same as last time. Sandy and Candy waited in another room to wait for the rubber men to scurry me away. They listened for the commotion. They heard what they thought was a struggle, screaming, and angry voices all staged for Sandy’s benefit. Then everything was quiet. Sandy and Candy entered my room to find it empty except for a note. “We found Poor Willy’s real address and decided to trash his place before we took care of him.” Sandy and Candy were shocked at learning this and decided that they should intervene. That’s when everything was about to change.

Sandy and Candy rushed over to my home and ran inside, only to find Bobby, Sherry, Natasha, and me, plus the camera crew, waiting for them. We were all calmly sitting around my living room as if nothing had happened. “Come in and join us.” They were shocked and confused. “We are celebrating the success of Poor Willy. Please join us for some champagne”. Natasha offered them glasses and we had a toast. Sandy and Candy just stood there and said nothing, totally confused. “Here’s a toast to Poor Willy,” and we all raised our glasses and drank, including Sandy and Candy. “Please, sit down and join us.”

Once seated they started to ask questions when they were interrupted by Natasha who began with a blistering tongue lashing of both of them for what damage they did to the entire dominatrix community not to mention all the evil things that die to me to benefit their salacious greed. Sandy tried to speak but only managed to mutter something incoherent before passing out. I know it is a little cliché and melodramatic to spike their drink, but nonetheless effective.

Sandy and Candy suddenly came to only to find that they were sealed in 0.4mm transparent rubber suits. It took a few minutes for them to discover exactly what they were wearing. The rubber suits were totally airtight with attached hoods, socks and gloves, gags, nose tubes, and clear eye lenses. As a special treat they both had attached vaginal and anal sheaths plus both were catheterized and wore inflated Bardex enema plugs. Additional tubes ran from their gag and both front and back sheaths. That was not all. They were both sealed in a double vac rack made out of the same transparent rubber. The rack was attached to the wall with them both on display like flies in a trap. They also looked great for the cameras. Natasha approached them.

She was carrying a remote control. She pressed a button that both girls exploded, screaming and thrashing about. “Now that I have your attention, let me tell you a little more about your situation.”

Natasha first began to explain about the suits, demonstrating all of the special features one by one. First came the various shock features, pressing buttons one by one, zapping various parts suits. Then she explained how the tubes work. The girls both screamed and protested as each of the points was brought up. Natasha then told them, “This is payback for everything you had done in the past, and that you need not expect to be out of those suits for a long, long time.

I was completely enjoying watching Sandy and Candy suffer after all of the torture they put them through. I had no doubt that Natasha would render the most excruciating punishment on these two. Her experience served her well, but I had the distinct impression that she planned to reach new heights with these two. I almost began to pity them… almost, but I had other plans.

I had arranged with Natasha to take over the entire Minneapolis studio operation as well as all of the sales of the rubber products we created, as well as the “Poor Willy” franchise. I had no doubt she would reach new heights in the business as well. Bobby was also well cared for. The rubber business we created would no doubt flourish under his ingeniously creative mind. As for me, I was planning to retire for the second time. After all this while, adventure started with my seeking to extend my personal pleasure. I felt this was time for me to return to that pursuit. It was time for Sherry and me to quietly slip out of the studio, leave all this behind, and begin our lives together. Our exit was serenaded by the screams, shrieks, and whimpers from Sandy and Candy. I made Natasha promise to send me videos from time to time of her horrific endeavors. This should prove to be evening entertainment for Sherry and me while sitting by a fireplace in some far, far away location. Of course, I also expected lucrative royal checks from Bob here and Bobby. Business is business.

I was satisfied that the first installment of the “Dark Willy” video series was progressing nicely without me. It was time for Sherry and me to move on. It was late fall in Minneapolis, which meant that winter would soon be on us. Winter in Minneapolis is not for the timid. It gets brutally cold here, and for a rubberiest like me, that means no more outdoor exploits. As one who likes to be out and about in my rubber, I began to think that I needed to retreat to a warmer climate. My success in business and the promise of continued revenue for Natasha and Bobby had afforded me a sizable fortune. With that in mind, Sherry and I began a quest to find a place for us to live our rubber-centered life in private. The fun of home shopping was about to begin.

We surrounded ourselves with travel brochures and wandered through countless YouTube travel videos to find a suitable vocation to build a nest for ourselves. After hours and hours of researching locations, we decided that we would begin by trying out a few destinations to see if they could work for us. Unfortunately, there are no recommendations for travel brochures that focus on rubber life as a reason to settle there. We chose two locations as our first foray into home hunting, Aruba and Ireland. The plan was to pack a few rubber essentials and travel there and rent a home through one of the B&B websites, and look over the area to see if it would work for us. I had been to Aruba on a business trip and liked the climate and the culture. It would be our first venture. We immediately began to make arrangements to fly there in the coming week. We found a four-bedroom house in Noord, Oranjestad, with the privacy we required. We booked our flights and satisfied ourselves that we had officially made the first steps toward our New Life together.
