---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tightly Bound Bride
authors:
- Alexis
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- F/f
- bound
- handcuffs
- dungeon
- cage
- gag
- cuffs
- anal
- susp
- torment
- tricked
- cons/nc
- xx
---

(story continues from [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride10.html))

**Chapter Eleven**

Mary
lay naked in a chaise lounge by the pool in all of her full breasted, golden
tanned glory.  There was no reason not to sunbathe in the nude, because
the estate was large, and the pool was secluded, and sheltered by hedges. 
James was out of town on business, and this was Mary’s “day off” so she
was free to do as she wished.  Erika wanted to go shopping, but Mary
had preferred to relax, and stayed behind.  The day was beautiful,
and the servants were instantly available to bring her a cold drink, or
anything else she wished.

Mary
found it interesting that despite the fact that she spent endless time
helplessly and painfully bound and gagged, much of it performing domestic
chores along side the servants, that she was still the Mistress of the
house in their eyes.  On her free days they treated her with the utmost
courtesy, deference and respect, without a hint of condescension or disapproval. 
As she relaxed, Mary mused that this was probably because the entire scheme
of things around the house was sanctioned by James.  In the servant’s
eyes, he was God, and anything that he condoned they supported without
question.  If sje was bpimd amd gagged while peeling potatoes, it
was because he wished it so.

The
sun was hot, and Mary decided to take a dip to cool down, and wash off
the sheen of perspiration that glistened like jewels on her golden flesh. 
She stood, stretched, and dove into the pool.  She swam three dozen
fast, hard laps, before climbing out and toweling herself down.  She
was still breathing hard when she saw Erika come out of the house towards
her.

“Hi,
Erika.” she greeted.  “Find anything interesting?”  “No. 
Not really” said the dark haired girl.  “Dry yourself off, and come
with me.”  Mary frowned, but quickly complied.  As the two women
entered the house, Erika took Mary’s arm, and with a practiced ease captured
the blond girl’s wrists behind her back in handcuffs.  “Wait!” Mary
protested.  “Please, Erika, not today!” she begged.  The rule
allowing Mary her freedom every other day was not sacred.  Erika was
prone to get into a mood.....or to get horny.  In either case Mary
often found herself tightly restrained, even on her off day.  She
seldom minded, because Erika usually had something interesting and sexy
to do to her!  Today was different, however.  James was due back
in two day, and Mary wanted to work on her tan and take a golf lesson that
afternoon.  After all, tomorrow she knew that the only lessons to
be learned were discomfort and boredom!  “Come.” said Erika. 
“Come, or I will thrash you like you have never been thrashed before.” 
Mary looked at the strange expression on her Mistress’ face.  Her
eyes were dull, and her jaw was tense and unsmiling.  “OK, Mistress”
Mary agreed.  “I’m coming.”  Erika took the handcuffed girl by
the arm, and lead her into the house.  Mary’s sense of concern rose
when instead of turning toward the bedroom, they took the corridor towards
the dungeon.

The
door clicked shut behind the two women, and Mary’s eyes gradually became
accustomed to the gloom of the dungeon after the bright sunlight outside. 
She looked around the room, and frowned when she saw a piece of equipment
on the floor that she had not seen before.  She turned to question
Erika, but was interrupted.....”Shut up!  I’ve been saving this contraption,
and maybe now is the right time to try it.”  Erika unlocked Mary’s
cuffs, and gave the blond a fierce, probing kiss.  Breathing heavily,
she looked into Mary’s eyes.  “Don’t fight me,” she warned, “You know
what will happen if you do.”  Mary nodded.  “On your knees.”
Erika ordered.  Mary quickly obeyed, taking the opportunity to survey
the implement of her pending ordeal.

It
was a cage, made of heavy iron.  It looked old, and it was very, very
small.  Mary shivered at the thought of being so confined.  Erika
opened the cage.  The back opened like a door, and the top opened
also, leaving the floor, the side walls, and the front wall. “Get in.” 
Mary shuffled forward until her knees were on a thin ridge of metal which
crossed the floor of the cage.  “Stop there, and bend over.” ordered
Erika.  Mary bent down until her breasts contacted another bar running
across the cage about half way from the floor to the top.  The bar
was studded with 1 inch spikes.  They were not so sharp as to cut
Mary’s flesh, but were pointed enough to hurt as they gouged her soft flesh. 
Erika went to the front of the cage, and adjusted a horrible iron contraption
until it was at the level of Mary’s head.  “Take this in your mouth.” 
Mary strained her neck forward, and opened her mouth to accept the gag. 
It was segmented, like an orange, and covered with more blunt spikes. 
Erika began turning a key at the end of the metal gag, and the segments
began to open, like the pedals of a flower.

Unable
to resist the inexorable pressure, Mary’s mouth opened to accommodate the
expanding metal mouthful.  When her jaws were open so far that her
bones began to creak, Erika stopped, and removed the key.  The gag
was so severe and so large that Mary could not get it out of her mouth
even if not otherwise restrained.  The blunt spikes bit into the roof
of her mouth, and the expanded petals filled her cheeks, making them bulge. 
Her tongue was captured, and held down, so that speech was impossible. 
Erika lowered the top of the cage until it pressed into Mary’s back. 
The captive girl could bend no lower, due to the spiked bar under her breasts,
which now supported the weight of her torso.  Erika grinned evilly,
then pushed the top of the cage until the bars pressed into Mary’s back,
and her breasts were squashed even more painfully into the cross bar. 
Erika reached between the bars, and took Mary’s left arm.  It was
looped under the cross bar with the elbow bent around the spike bar. 
A heavy iron cuff attached to the side of the cage was fastened to her
wrist, and locked.  Her right arm received the same treatment. 
Before shutting the door on the cage, Mary’s ankles were locked in cuffs
on the floor of the cage.  Once the door was closed, her toes stuck
through the bars.  Erika took advantage of this to inflict an additional
torment.  A cuff was fastened to her left big toe.  Her feet
were turned toward one another, and the other toe was captured.

Erika
was not finished however, there was one additional punishment.  A
long, thick steel rod was attached to an adjustable slide mechanism that
traveled up and down the cage bar in the center of the door.  The
slide was adjusted until the rod was level with Mary’s tautly stretched
backside.  The steel rod also had a slide adjustment, this time in
and out.  Erika loosed the screw, and began to push the rod inward
into the cage.  The blunt, cold end of the rod encountered Mary’s
helpless, pink asshole, and began to push inward.   “MMMMMMPPPPHHHH!”
screamed Mary as the un-lubricated metal brutally pushed aside her tender
flesh.  Erika smiled grimly, and continued to wedge the shaft inside
Mary until it was a full 8 inches into her rectum.  “There,” said
Erika, “I guess that should hold you.”  There was one more feature
of the cage, which was completely superfluous to Mary’s helpless condition,
but which Erika thought was a nice final touch.  An eye ring at the
top of the cage was attached to a hook dangling from a winch attached to
the ceiling.  Erika pushed a button, and the winch whined to life,
and began to lift the cage off the floor.  Erika pushed the button
until the cage was about 5 feet in the air, and Mary’s anguished eyes were
about level with Erika’s.  “I’ll be back in a couple of hours.” Erika
said.  “I have some things to think about.  With that she turned
off the lights, and the door closed behind her.  Mary was along in
the darkness.

It
was about 30 minutes before Mary began whimpering.  Confinement in
the cage was not just bondage, it was torture.  Mary was bent into
a ball, with the cage pressing against her from all sides.  All her
weight was borne either by her knees or her breasts.  Her knees were
agonizingly pressed into the metal ridge across the cage, and there was
nothing she could do to relieve the bone against iron contact.  Her
breasts were mashed against the iron crossbeam, with the many spikes punishing
the nerves in her soft flesh.  The top of the cage kept her from rising
up, the sides kept her from shifting from side to side, and the steel prod
up her ass even kept her from wiggling her ass.  Her arms were not
painful, but were uselessly unable to bear any weight or assist her in
moving, even slightly.  Finally, the expandable iron pear gag held
her head immobile with her neck arched and jaws jacked widely apart. 
Mary just couldn’t move at all, and extreme effort only caused the cage
to swing gently.  Mary groaned against the pain of the pitiless iron. 
“I wonder what got into Erika?” she thought silently.  This was a
severe as any punishment that Erika had ever inflicted on her, and she
hadn’t done anything to deserve it.  It seemed like days since she
had been lounging so pleasantly by the pool, but Mary knew it had hardly
been an hour.  She sighed, and waited.

Several
hours later the door opened.  Mary was facing away from the door,
and couldn’t see who it was, but the form that appeared in front of her
was Erika.

 The
dark haired girl took a small chair, and placed it directly in front of
Mary, and sat down.  “We have something to talk about.” began Erika,
“Or at least I have something to talk about, and you shall listen.” 
“Nnnnrrr.” Mary answered, lifting an eyebrow in curiosity.  “I might
as well get this done quickly.............James is dead.  His chartered
jet crashed and burned in Montana on the way back from the west coast.” 
In an instant tears came to Mary’s eyes, and an anguished moan of despair
came from deep inside her and spilled past the iron gag.  “Nooooooooo!”
she cried.   “MMMMGGGGGGHHHHH!”  She thrashed against her
iron bonds, begging Erika for release.  “I heard about it on the radio
while I was in town.” Erika continued.  “I had to cage you while I
decided what to do.”  Mary continued to sob.  “Why had Erika
felt the need to confine her?” she wondered.  “Why doesn’t she release
me now?”

Erika
began to speak again, slowly.  “A girl only gets opportunity dumped
in her lap once in a lifetime, if at all.” she began.  “I took a call
from the FAA and the State Police in Montana.  The plane burned, the
bodies are not recognizable, and the wolves and buzzards scattered the
remains.  They think there are four bodies—two pilots, James, and
an unknown person......a woman.  The people at the airfield said that
she was blond.  I don’t know if she was a secretary, or what, but
they thought it might his wife.”  “Erika stood, and looked deeply
into Mary’s eyes.  “They asked me........and I told then that is was
you.”  Mary tried to shake her head, not understanding what she was
hearing.  “I’m not greedy,” said Erika.  “This estate, and a
$!0 million trust for its upkeep was set up several years ago, and I have
Power of Attorney.  The rest of James estate, and all of his business
interests, will go to his relatives in England.  It is hundred of
millions of dollars, so they won’t fight over a few crummy million here. 
James is dead, and as far as the world knows, you are dead too.  It
will be business as usual around her, with me in charge!”  Mary sobbed
softly as Erika continued to speak.  “You know, I love you, Mary,
and I hate myself for doing this, and I know you will hate me also.  
I’m sorry for that, but life isn’t fair.  Understand.......you are
dead.  I won’t kill you, but as of now, you cease to exist. 
You will never be free again....your life will be spent as my bound slave
and servant.”  Mary was numb, too despairing to be angry.  “I’ll
go to the funeral service, and cry as they bury two caskets filled with
burnt bones.  I don’t know who was on that plane, but the marker on
the grave will say “Mary Edwards, beloved wife of James Edwards.’” 
You are gone....rest in peace!”

Erika
stood to leave.  “I’ve decided to leave you in the cage all night.” 
she said.  Mary’s eyes grew wide, and she whined negative sounds through
her gag.  “Yes, maybe the discomfort will help you come to grips with
what has happened more quickly.”  With that, Mary was again plunged
into darkness, alone with her pain, grief and hopeless despair.

The
night was endless.  Muscles quivered, begging to be allowed to move,
but were denied.  Her knees throbbed and she endured the aching, stretched 
implement of the shaft up her ass.  Her jacked open mouth was a dry,
parched wasteland.  Her eyes burned from hours of crying and from
not having slept.



2002

story continues in [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride12.html)

o0o
