---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'The Trip of a Lifetime 3: Ranch Stallion'
authors:
- Richard Thomas
tags:
- MF+-mf+
- ponyboy
- ponygirls
- ranch
- bond
- cuffs
- enema
- stable
- yard
- stud
- sex
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2015-01-15 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Trip of a Lifetime 2: Stallions**](tripofalifetime2.html))

**Part Three: Ranch Stallion**

**Chapter 6**

In the morning Katya woke me just after dawn and immediately led me to the far end of the barn and said, "OK Rocky, are you going to be a good boy and behave while I wash you? It will be easier for all of us as time goes on?" I snorted and nodded my head. "Good boy, let’s get started. Bend right over and stay there!" No sooner was I bent over than I felt her remove the butt plug with my tail and inserted a hose pipe which filled my bowels. She placed a large tin bin behind me and removed the hose, and a stream of liquid crap poured into the bin. "Once more for luck," she said and repeated the exercise.

When she had finished, she told me to get up and stand against the wall - she immediately turned the hose on me – very cold, but refreshing in the heat which was already growing in the barn. Then she took a scratchy glove and soaped me and washed me with it, then rinsed me off with the hose. Next she spent several minutes brushing my tail to make it clean and beautiful. Finally she produced a bottle of oil and covered my whole body with it so I gleamed in the sunlight. She then removed me from the chains and clipped my wrists back onto my belt and led me back to my stall, where my breakfast of porridge and fruit was waiting.

"We’ve popped some honey in there today, Rocky, you’ll need the energy!" Katya said gently. "Now then boy, don’t let me down, the ponies are expecting a lot from you today – there are six greedy cunts out there who have been getting excited all night at the thought of a great fucking." She noticed I looked puzzled. "Oh yes, you hadn’t expected that Maria would be serviced today, did you? Well, we decided that she needed to be included in the group as soon as possible, so we’re including her, although she will suffer a lot when you press against her branding. By the way, surprisingly she is a virgin – Doctor Ruth only used her arse for sodomy, so you can expect a really tight cunt there. We’re putting you on Diane first, we think she is in season so we want to get your biggest load of sperm into her."

She left me for about an hour in my stall to eat my food, and then returned, telling me that the time had arrived. She bent down and released my cock ring, and stroked the glans which quickly filled up with blood, so in a couple of minutes was rock hard and pointing skywards. "Lovely, Rocky, let’s have a good show now – just do what we say and you’ll have a good day." She led me out of the stall, and as we walked down the barn, all the ponies were standing by the half-doors of their stalls, grunting and whinnying in excitement as the Ranch Stallion and his erection was paraded past them!!

We went out into the yard, and there was the frame with the crossbar which I had last seen in Doctor Ruth’s office and over which I had been sodomised by her. Only this time the luscious round American bum of Diane was already bent over it, and I could see that her sex lips were already damp and ready for me – she was grunting in excitement as she sensed me approaching her. Quickly Agatha and Katya grabbed my arms – "Steady boy, steady, don’t want to hurt her, do we!" – they moved me forward until my cock was a couple of inches from her cunt. Agatha reached down and lifted Diana’s tail out of the way and Katya pressed my penis down slightly to line it up with the cunt, then said ‘In’ sharply. I pushed forward quickly and the whole length slipped in easily so my balls slapped against her – she was certainly a juicy and generous cunt.

I could feel her pushing back against me, and her grunting told me that she was really enjoying it. I leant forward and pressed her hard against the bench, and bit down onto her neck – she squealed and her hips rocked excitedly under me. "Start pumping now, Rocky!" Katya said in my ear, and so I drew my cock near out of her and started to piston in and out of her juicy snatch. I knew I couldn’t last long – I had been looking forward to emptying by balls since yesterday, but suddenly Diane’s cunt spasmed as her orgasm hit her and I grunted in excitement as my balls started to pump my spunk into her juicy passage. Seeing what was happening, Katya moved behind me and pushed my buttocks forward to drive my penis right into the fertile pony and make sure that the maximum numbers of sperm were released into the cervix. She certainly got plenty from me that morning (in fact, more than enough, no more sperm were needed in her to create my first foal).

I was left in Diane for several minutes, then Agatha and Katya moved me back from her and Katya clipped my chain into my nose and walked me slowly round the paddock whilst Diane was removed and the next pony brought out. I really hoped it was going to be Daisy – I had really enjoyed her lovely body and cunt on the two sex sessions so far, but when I was led back to the crossbar frame, I immediately recognised that the pony bent over it was Maria, her branding still livid and red on her upturned buttocks. As I approached, Agatha reached down and wiped some grease into her cunt. My erection had not subsided at all since I had covered Diane, but this time I was less frantic to drive it into the pony before me.

"Come on boy," called Katya as she led me forward, "she’s a pony just like the others – give her the best shagging she’s ever had –and the first!" Agatha had lifted Maria’s tail out of the way, and Katya steered my bell end up against Maria’s greased cunt lips – I could hear the pony whinnying in fear, her body was absolutely rigid. I rocked forward and just the bell end moved inside her – and in an instant, I realised – Maria was no virgin. Back in England, in the holidays before I went to University, I had deflowered –at their special request - two girls I knew, and so I knew that the warm wet and flowering passage which now confronted me bore no resemblance to a virgin’s cunt – this passage had been opened many times before.

Maria whinnied pitifully, and I understood without words that this was her secret. So instead of plunging right up her, I made short stabbing thrusts, pretending that I could hardly penetrate her. Eventually when I was about half way in, I drew back and plunged the whole cock up her – with ease, of course, but the scream she made, feigning a loss of virginity, was masterly. After that it was easy, I slowly built up speed, and she slowly relaxed and it turned out to be, despite what the watching trainers believed, a thoroughly excellent fuck. My balls were still drained from shagging Diane and was able to hold back from spilling my spunk in her, but it only took about five minutes before Maria shook and had a thoroughly believable orgasm – only someone with a large cock deep in her belly would have known it was faked !!

Katya pulled me out and led me off round the yard whilst Maria was taken to the paddock and the next mare positioned for me. As I approached her, I realised that the frantically twitching arse, with the tail swinging wildly, could only be the greedy young Bella – I sensed that I was in for a wild ride. Once Katya had manoeuvred me to within a few inches of the young pony – the smell of her pheromones was the strongest of the whole string of the mares that day – she was already dripping onto the ground beneath her. Katya took hold of my penis and held it ready, then Agatha lifted the mare’s tail up and gave her an almighty slap on her buttocks which resounded round the yard. "Be still, Bella, or it will be you strung up on the St Andrew’s Cross with Big Bertha in you for the rest of the day."

This instantly stopped the movement of her buttocks, and Katya put her free arm behind me and pushed me forward and steered my cock into her waiting juicy cunt. No need to stop like Maria, straight into her until my groin pressed against her and I felt her cunt walls gripping me really tightly. Suddenly Agatha slapped me hard on the rump and called out, "He’s all yours Bella, give him a great ride!"

In my days in England, we would have called Bella a ‘Fuck Bunny’ – she didn’t know the meaning of restraint! I could feel her cunt squeezing and pulsing as I pumped in and out of her, and her whole body was quivering and shaking with excitement – and she snorted and whinnied, especially when I pressed down on her - and when I sank my teeth into her shoulder, she almost threw me off with her excited bucking. This was a great ride, but having her and Maria in succession meant that my balls were now full again and there was no way that I could hold back. I grunted and snorted to let her know, but she just rocked harder and harder and was frantically approaching her own climax. But I came first pumping semen into her whilst she kept on vibrating.

But no sooner had I spunked into Bella than Katya put her hand on my groin and pulled me back so I slipped out of Bella, then Katya moved that hand down and quickly vibrated Bella’s labia. Clearly Katya knew what would happen as she had placed herself to one side of the snorting and vibrating pony – Bella came noisily and squirted furiously all over me! The amount of liquid she squirted was phenomenal and totally drenched me. Agatha and Katya both laughed, and then Katya clipped my chain on my nose and led me off round the yard. "Nice one, Rocky – great to have a stallion who can please all the ponies! Here boy, you need a drink."

As we walked, I realised that I had probably been out in the blazing sun fucking for at least an hour, so no wonder I was dehydrated. Katya gave me several long drinks of water, and I felt a bit better. Mind you, in that hour I had fucked three ponies and had two explosive orgasms. Bella’s enthusiastic writhing on the end of my cock had made me a bit sorer than I was used to, so the prospect of repeating my performance three more times was starting to look a bit daunting. For the first time since we started, my penis was hanging loosely between my legs with no sign of stiffening up.

After a few more minutes, Katya led me back round to the fleshy buttocks laid over the bench, and with a sinking heart, recognised that Gloria was my next challenge, Gloria the only mare who responded in any way to Presidente before his balls were cut out. She was totally stationary, just lying there waiting for me to perform, with no apparent enthusiasm – not an appetising prospect. The result was – no action on the erection front.

Agatha moved up beside me and put her hand around my limp cock. "Don’t give up on us now, Rocky, we’d all hate to have to spend tomorrow watching you having your bollocks removed like your predecessor." Surprising, the threat of imminent castration perked my prick up, and he started to swell under Agatha’s gentle stroking. "That’s it Rocky, time to go back to work – nothing like jumping Bella, just take it easy with Gloria and you could have a new friend."

She quickly wanked me a couple of times then guided me forward and inserted me into Gloria. I glided in easily and slipped right into her in one gentle movement, and she gave a slight moan of pleasure – promising, I thought. After the frenzied shagging with Bella, and the soreness of my penis, it was really pleasurable to have a soft cunt to fuck gently. No-one seemed to be any particular hurry, and neither Agatha nor Katya were encouraging me to go faster. I made sure I pulled my cock right out of her each stroke and slid it back the full length, and I noticed that her breathing was getting faster and she was starting to flush red on her back. I lent on top of her and gently nibbled her neck and she groaned with a pleasure sound. Almost imperceptibly we were both getting faster, and her breathing was now broken and ragged, and she started to whinny louder and louder and then she came – not with a shriek or shuddering, but her whole body gently vibrated, and I could feel her liquid cum pouring down her cunt and dripping onto the ground by our feet.

The Trainers left me lying on top of Gloria for a couple of minutes and then lifted me up and back, and Katya led me away. As we walked, she said softly, "Rocky, you have just made another friend. Presidente raped that poor pony for the three years they were together – she never had one good session of sex with him which resulted in her orgasm. You are going to be one popular stallion at this Ranch."

We walked slowly round the yard whilst Katya gave me lots of water to drink – it was now the middle of the day, and it must have been about 50 degrees in the glaring sun, luckily the oil Katya had put on me was stopping my back from burning. "OK Rocky," she said quietly, "you’re doing well, just two more to go , and one of them is Daisy! Just pace yourself and try and conserve your spunk, though this next one could be a challenge."

We turned and walked back towards the frame, and I could see that my penultimate cunt was going to be Candy. Unlike her countrywoman Diane, who had a generous body with fleshy buttocks, Candy was tall, thin and really quite skinny. She had been quite cool and aloof when we had met in the paddock on previous days, so I wasn’t expecting a great ride – I couldn’t have been more wrong! Luckily my penis was still semi-erect after Gloria, and when Katya moved me behind Candy, I smelt her sex musk already dripping out of her onto the dusty yard and that brought my cock to full attention. Agatha lifted Candy’s tail out of the way and I immediately saw that her sex lips were wide open and damp, and I didn’t wait for Katya’s instruction but just slammed forward and drove my prick high into her gorgeously tight cunt. The trainers had not tied her down quite as tightly as the other ponies, and she was able to rock in rhythm with the speed I was fucking her, not too fast but she tightened her cunt muscles as I withdrew and relaxed them as I pushed into her, the most erotic sensation I had experienced all day.

The trainers didn’t seem to be in any hurry for me to finish, and left us to enjoy each other. A few times I leant down onto her and nibbled at her neck and ear, and she responded with sexual grunts which told me that this mare was having a great time under me. On a couple of occasions I sensed little ripples of orgasm run though her cunt walls, but she never broke the rhythm and we moved perfectly in sync. But the continual ‘stripping’ that her cunt was giving my penis could only result in one thing eventually, and as her third mini-orgasm pulsed through her, my balls tightened and I squirted my third load of the day into this beautiful young pony. The trainers pulled me out of her and I gave a loud whinny to tell Candy how much I had enjoyed her and she responded with a series of satisfied grunts.

As Katya walked me round the yard whilst Candy was removed and Daisy brought to the frame, she said, "I knew you would like Candy, Rocky, she is a very sexy pony – we’ll have to see if you two can work together in future." I could still smell Candy’s juices on me and knew that I had just had a sexual experience just as good as my ones with Daisy – luckily it would not be up to me to choose which cunt gave me more pleasure.

By now I was shattered, and my cock hung limply between my legs and my balls were drained – and there in front of me was the arse I had been waiting for all day, and I was in no condition to pleasure her the way I had been hoping. I tried snorting and pulling on my lead, but Katya kept walking forward, and said, "Don’t worry, Rocky, we’ll get you in there, we have our ways." Daisy was in place and flicking her tail in excitement and they moved me to stand a few inches behind her. Then Agatha moved behind me, and I felt her hold onto the butt plug holding my tail, and she pressed something on it. At that moment the plug started to vibrate – now I understood, stallions were fitted with these to be used to help with their erections. The plug was pulsing strongly and the novelty of it caused the blood to flow back into my penis which swelled up immediately and Katya’s hand was round it and guiding it into Daisy whilst it was still growing in length. In a few seconds I was buried in my lovely Daisy, my penis was rock hard and Agatha pressed the button again and the vibrating stopped.

But then Katya knelt down beside us and I felt her take hold of the short chain that was fitted between my balls and my anus and pulled me forward into Daisy with it. Then something happened, and I found Katya standing beside me again, patting my rump and telling me to enjoy myself. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw that Agatha and Katya were walking away towards the barn, leaving Daisy and I on our own with my erection nestled inside my favourite pony. I didn’t understand what was happening, but Daisy started to shake her rump to encourage me, and so I pulled back to bring my penis nearly out of her before slamming it back in – but I then found out what Katya had done! She had clipped my groin chain to the ring in Daisy’s labia – we were locked together and had been left to fuck!

However, Daisy was snorting with lust and her rump was giving off the strong smell of her sexual odours which I could not resist, and started to pump into her – all the exhaustion caused by the pleasuring of the previous five ponies evaporated and my cock could only think of the tight passage it was now enjoying. I pressed my chest against her back and leant forward and started to bite her neck and shoulder with the result that she snorted with lust and her hips bucked and her cunt muscles gripped and stripped me and then I felt a stream of her cum running down my thigh as she orgasmed for the first time. But the smell of her cum only excited me more, and although she had stopped moving her butt, my penis was now frantic for her and I kept on pumping into her, despite her whinnying in protest and trying to ease her sopping cunt away from me.

What followed must have been one of the hottest (literally, given the temperature in that yard!) sessions of sex I ever experienced, either as a man or as a stallion. To my amazement – and probably to Daisy’s too – I had one shattering orgasm in her pumping another respectable load of spunk into her, but then the fact that my cock could not escape her hot passage resulted in me become erect again after a few minutes and after what may well have been another hour of pounding, I eventually came for the fifth and final time that day. In that time, Daisy had eventually reached a plateau where she was having orgasms every couple of minutes, and the ground was covered with a puddle of our combined spunk and cum.

Finally Katya appeared beside us and stroked our heads and murmured, "Well, my greedy ponies, what a pair of hot ponies you are! Time for a rest, I think." She unclipped my groin chain from Daisy’s ring and helped me to stand and led me back to the barn. She told me to stand in the middle of the cleaning area, and I was too exhausted to even think of disobeying, and she hosed me and washed me thoroughly and then clipped my cock ring onto my groin chain to hold my penis down – not that it showed any sign of rising after the day's activity!

When she put me back in my stall, she said to me, "Well, you certainly are the Ranch Stallion now, well done big boy! Presidente only ever managed four mares before we had to use the butt vibrator to help him, and he would never have managed that session with Daisy to finish off. Have a good rest now boy, back to normal training tomorrow. And think, by next week, the two new ponies will have arrived and need servicing – that fine cock of yours will have to be on fine form then!"

She walked out of my stall and I sank down in the straw and was asleep in seconds – and dreamt, not of Daisy and the prolonged session with her, but of the slim frame and wonderfully tight cunt of Candy which had been the most erotic session of the day for me – I hoped they would leave me chained to her next time so I could enjoy her for a long time like I had pleasured Daisy today.
