---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Saturday Slave
authors:
- Spndxmd
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- bond
- bdsm
- rope
- clothespins
- toys
- denial
- oral
- cons-reluct
- XX
---

Here is a story of what is going to happen this coming Saturday. Thought
you'd like it.
Spndxmd

First, I dressed into a corset, thigh high stockings, panties, High
heeled shoes, leather cuffs and a penis harness. Next I tied myself up
with a spreader bar, nipple clamps, gag, and blindfold then awaited my
mistress.

Upon entering the room she said “So this is what you want. OK
then, But you remember you wanted this” she said with a coy voice. Next
she walked around and proceeded to remove her clothes. Opening the drawer
to her dresser she put on a pair of pantyhose and a spandex shirt.
My blindfold was lifted for a moment so I could see her outfit.

“Would you like to lick my nylon covered pussy?” she asked. I nodded
and grunted into the gag. She laughed, put the blindfold back into place
as said “Maybe if your UP to it” then laughed some more.

I could feel her hand as it traveled up my nylon covered leg.
Once she reached the panties, she pulled them down to expose my harnessed
cock. I could feel her caressing my balls and the restraint of the harness
get tighter as I became more aroused. “First thing we need to do slut is
to tenderize these” she said. Next came the unmistakable feeling of clothespins
being attached to my balls. One by one they were applied until there was
no more room for any more. Then she began to twist individual ones to torment
me. After a few moments she left the room. She returned and began twisting
again.

This time I could feel the cold drops of an ice cube dripping in my
tight, aching balls. Then without warning, a nipple clamp was removed.
My sore nipple was then massaged hard to intensify the pain. Next, a soothing
ice cube was being rubbed across it. As my nipple hardened to an aroused
state again, the nipple clamp was put back on. I could sense her
near my ear, She whispered, “Would you like to cum now?” I nodded “yes”
and grunted into the gag again. Suddenly a single clothespin was yanked
off my balls and she said “wrong answer”.

I was then ordered to move to the foot of the bed. I was then told to
kneel on the floor facing the bed and to put my head on the bed.
My panties were then pulled down and a cold lubricated tip began teasing
my back side. Slowly she inserted a butt plug into me. Working it in slowly
until it was in then the panties were pulled up. I could feel her get onto
the edge of the bed. I was then told not to make a sound or I would be
punished. My gag was removed, and my head was placed in her nylon covered
crotch. “Lick” was all she said and I began to lick her. I must have done
a good job because she then lowered the pantyhose and pulled my face into
her crotch. I was licking feverishly and I could tell she was getting close
to orgasm. Suddenly her orgasm reached climax. My head was pushed away
as she rested.

After a few moments of recovery, She pulled up her pantyhose and put
the gag back on me, then left the room. She returned smoking a cigarette.
As she sat on the edge of the bed, she said “ I bet your dying to have
one” I shook my head “yes” and grunted. She slapped my ass hard and said
“wrong answer”.

Once the cigarette was finished, I felt the clothespins on my balls
being removed. One by one, with a twist and a tug. After the last
one was removed I felt the soothing sensations of an ice cube massaging
them. I was put back on the bed, face up. The nipple clamps were then removed
and given the ice treatment. She began teasing my balls with her hand and
a feather, watching my cock strain in it’s cage. “Poor little slut, bet
he wants to be released from his cage and cum” she said. I shook my head
“yes” and moaned onto the gag. With a hard slap of my balls, she replied
“wrong answer”.

She continued to tease me with her hand and the feather. After she felt
I was tormented enough that way, She said “I just had an idea maybe we
should remove that cage,……Oh look it has a lock on it”………

She continued,” I guess It’s a good thing I have the key, But I don’t
want you cumming, You haven’t earned that yet.” She then grabbed a pair
of pantyhose out of my drawer. My balls were grasped and pulled hard
away from my cock. The one leg of the pantyhose was tied at the base and
the rest of the leg wrapped tightly around the length to the top of the
balls .

Once the entire leg was wrapped around and my balls were tightly forced
to the bottom, the entire wrapping was then wrapped in black vinyl tape.
The lock was unlocked and the harness was removed. She massaged my shaft
for a few moments then the second leg of the pantyhose was then wrapped
around the base of my cock and continued up the shaft until the head. This
too was then wrapped in tape so that the only parts exposed of my cock
were my stretched balls. She began teasing my balls with her fingernails
and the feather watching my straining cock in it vinyl case. She then began
to lick my ear and pinch my nipples. Softly she whispered, “Do you want
to cum now my slut?” I grunted and nodded “yes”. She stopped teasing and
said, “Silly little slut hasn’t learned, Now I will have to punish you”

Suddenly she grabbed my cock and balls, then wrapped the key ring for
my locks in the panty part of the hose, she stuffed it in between my cock
and balls. She then began wrapping my entire cock and balls starting
at the base and completely covering it with many layers of tape. After
a few minutes my blindfold was lifted and she showed me the 3 empty rolls
of tape and pointed to my crotch. It was a huge ball of tightly wound black
vinyl tape. She then told me the keys to my locks were in there.

She cut the ropes going from my wrists to the spreader bar at the knee
length. She moved my wrists in front of me and tied them with about 10
knots keeping the locks on the wrist cuffs together. The rest of the ropes
going to the ankles and spreader bar were removed and so was the spreader
bar. Then I was helped up. The blindfold was removed and I was instructed
to follow her. We went downstairs into the family room and I was told to
sit on the floor with my knees apart and ankles together. Another piece
of rope was used to tie the locks on my ankle cuffs together, again with
10 knots.

Finally, she took one rope from my wrists and one from the ankles and
proceeded to tie those 2 in as many knots. The other 2 ropes were then
done too. She then attached the nipple clamps again and said, “ Since you
can only think with your cock, you will have to masturbate if you want
to cum, and with all those knots I put in there it’ll take you quite a
while to untie yourself then unwrap your cock.” A towel and some
oil was placed in front of me. She then grabbed the digital camera and
took a few pictures of me from various angles. “I want you to print out
a few of these pictures for me tomorrow, that way I can show people what
a cock slut you like to dress up as and maybe rent you out for fun.” She
got real close to my ear and whispered in a very sexy voice, “imagine being
dressed like this and used as a cock slut every weekend” Then she patted
my wrapped cock and said “Enjoy, I’m going to bed. Maybe I’ll see you there
if you can get free. Good Night dear.”

There I was, Horny as hell with my wrists and ankles tied together in
many knots, my cock tightly wrapped in yards of vinyl tape, my gagged mouth,
my sore nipples clamped, and a butt plug in my ass. The only way to get
free was to untie the many knots and unwrap my cock. The light was turned
off, with a laugh she said “good night” and up to bed she went.

Can I get free?

The End

29/04/01
