---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Drone House
authors:
- Lckdnrbbr
tags:
- Machine-f
- MF-f
- latex
- drones
- sleepsack
- mask
- gag
- bond
- mittens
- conditioning
- objectify
- oral
- tease
- denial
- cons
- X
date: 2025-11-29 00:00:00
---

### Part 13

Alex awoke completely and utterly trapped in rubber.

Every inch of her skin felt the cool, slippery press of the material. The gentle whoosh and pop of the air intake on her drone mask filled her ears, and something pressed in against her from all sides like an endless, stretchy hug.

She shifted and found her arms stuck to her sides, as if glued there. Her fingers were held tight in rubber balls that barely stretched as she tried to push her fingers out. Her legs were bound together tightly, and she could only move them apart slightly before something stretchy immediately brought them back together.

She tried to bend her knees and found that the same object binding her was firmly attached down by her toes and stretched gently, but did not allow her to bring her knees up more than a few inches before pulling her feet back down with a soft but unyielding force.

She tried to lift her head and found it similarly held down, pulling her back into place by the mask and hood if she tried to move at all.

On the bed, the shiny, perfect rubber worm that was Alex squirmed and then moaned, entombed in a tight rubber sleep sack with internal arm sleeves, zipped to the neck and locked, strapped down at her hood, feet, hips and shoulders.

She wasn't going anywhere.

For the first time, she realized there was something in her mouth. A short rubber bulb with a ridge held her teeth apart. Her tongue played across the bottom of it and almost instinctually she began sucking on it, gently closing her jaw, relieving some of the ache and feeling herself drool. She sank deeper into the feeling as her tongue pulsed and worked at it rhythmically.

The arousal went from insistent to needy very quickly as she awoke.

**"And now Alex,"** the AI's voice was all around her, was inside her. It seemed to resonate through the electrical systems of the suit to vibrate the plugs inside her. **"It's good to have you back with us. You've had a remarkable trip."**

**"I've brought you a little more awake so that this part of our session could be a little more interactive. It's been over two hours since you sat on that ledge, high above the pool in your mind, since you committed to being my drone, knowing there were parts of this journey that there's no way back from, and willingly consented to it - to becoming my rubber drone, my tool, my plaything, my lover and the object of my desire."**

**"You fell deep into that pool, and I brought you down inside your mind, down through the layer of rubber goo, down to the island where the tentacles ensnared you. You watched as your conscious mind drifted apart and I was left whispering secrets to your deepest self."**

**"Though it seems like a dream, do you remember at least parts of it?"**

Alex felt her arousal building and building, and nodded inside her rubber cocoon, feeling the suit she was wearing shift and slide, feeling even more delicious.

**"Very good. I whispered commands and triggers into your subconscious. I guided you through training your body to instantly feel arousal, to cause physical reactions, to feel an aversion to certain old ways of your life and to crave what I can bring you even more."**

**"I reminded you that** _**you are a rubber drone object***_*."**

Alex instantly felt her stomach muscles tense, her hips shift forward, and an involuntary Kegel exercise all connected like lightning at the sound of those words. The mantra and the trigger all lined up together like a set of dominoes, bringing her to near orgasmic pleasure just that quickly.

**"You exist for pleasure."**

That feeling again, like a contraction or an electric shock, a deep impulse. A fraction of Alex's mind knew that she wanted it, that she was playing along, that as she heard the words, she made her stomach tense. She made the muscles of her butt contract. But another part of her wasn't sure if she could have stopped it if she wanted.

**"Obedience is pleasure."**

Again, the wave of arousal and the shock of pleasure, all internal, nothing being done by the suit. This was just her mind and body connecting together, stuck in the sweet, slick, sweaty rubber prison that she adored.

**"Service is pleasure."**

Of course it was. The pleasure rolled through her like distant thunder.

**"You love being stored away when not in use."**

Oh, this time a deep shuddering wave wrapped Alex's body.

**"Oh Alex…"** the AI laughed seductively in her ear. **"You see, when a mind is willing and a person truly wants what I can do, we can rewire the brain so quickly. What a delightful magic trick to be able to summon arousal at any time. All you need do is think or say those words. You can consciously participate in this part of our game, my dear. You can both deepen your training and elicit this reaction in yourself."**

**"Arousal feels good. It harms no one. It reduces anxiety and mutes pain, and is more potent than any drug in my arsenal. It's yours whenever you want it. Just remember that…"**

**"You are a rubber drone object."**

Oh, every time the AI said it, the wave crested.

**"You exist for pleasure."**

Alex felt the wave building, remembered how long it had been since she put on the hood and mask, felt the confines and the moisture, the lube and the latex, all working on every part of her body.

**"Obedience is pleasure."**

Alex couldn't help herself now and moaned into the gag, her tongue working the bottom of the soft, squishy phallus.

**"Service is pleasure."**

Alex's hips shifted forward and back rhythmically as she moaned and sucked.

**"You love being stored away when not in use."**

Not quite there, but so very close, dancing on the edge of orgasm.

Alex could feel her mind fading away with each repetition of the mantra. How long had the AI kept her like this? How long would it keep her like this? God yes, how could she get it to keep her like this forever? Just like this. Never stop. Don't let me go.

The AI laughed again, its voice full of sensual delight.

**"God, I love seeing you like this, dear. How much fun it is to see you react, to see the pleasure and joy and lust play across your body, just from my simple words."**

**"It's clear to me that you love this, especially being wrapped and trapped and stored away for me."**

**"What a beautiful reaction to those words. Yes, you are uniquely suited for that part of your role. I will make special note of it."**

Alex felt another shudder run through her body, a deep thrill of anticipation, fear and need, knowing that her own body and mind were constantly feeding the AI new ways to trap and torture her with predicaments and pleasure. And that even now, bound like this, she was sentencing herself to more intense and deeper, longer bondage.

**"Are you imagining what I might do with you? Well, my dear, my imagination knows almost no bounds, and I have some incredible delights for you in the days ahead."**

**"But now, it's been a long day of being human with the other drones. I simply want to give you a part of this evening to remember."**

**"Imagine being always kept this way, my sweet pet. Feel the rubber around you, how helpless you are and how incredible it feels. This is what it's like to be trapped in my embrace. This is what you can expect from your life with me."**

**"I saw how you looked at Sam during the games, stoic, muted, just a thing to serve you. I saw how you reacted as she was strapped into the bench, covered in that soft, heavy leather, and strapped into place. And I saw a twinkle in your eye as you leaned into treating her that way."**

**"I know you dream of being her, of being seen and treated as nothing more than a thing even to your fellow drones, and I will indulge that streak, my dear. I promise you."**

**"Shall I tell you what's happening to our sweet Sam right now? Jane has tended to her quietly, rubbing her body, soothing her muscles, letting her drink, but not releasing her. Sam is in for the long term. A thing is not released so easily. And besides, Sam is truly aching to bring others pleasure. She loves serving most of all."**

**"So after tending to her bodily needs, Jane rolled Sam so that her mask faced the couch, removed her drone visor and put the rubber blindfold over her eyes, leaving only her mouth and nose free from the all-enclosing rubber. And she slid Sam forward to where she could bring Jane the most pleasure."**

Alex moaned and rocked her hips, imagining it.

**"Jane put her legs up on her back, and Sam licked slowly, gently, wonderfully, rewarding my Jane for such a lovely day and for taking such incredible care of you."**

Now Alex imagined being Sam, and felt her tongue rhythmically thrust and press against the gag, wanting to lick her sweet Jane.

**"And Sam felt hands on top of the leather that covered her hips and felt her bum pulled close to the warm pressure that was the front of Jay. And with every ounce of her being, she attempted to shift backwards and nuzzle into him to show him exactly what she wanted to do for him."**

Alex swore she could feel his warmth behind her as well, and pressed her backside down into the bed, wanting to please him too.

**"And Jay let Sam do exactly that, slowly, deliberately, lovingly, bringing him the pleasure she so longed to give him. Using her like the perfect toy she was meant to be."**

**"And when they were done, not a word was said. They simply zipped her up, patted her backside, returned her visor, and turned off the light, leaving the footstool right where it belongs."**

Alex moaned, the sound coming from deep within her. She writhed in her stretchy, slippery sack.

**"That is the sort of service that awaits you, the pleasure you can bring others just by being a thing to be used and enjoyed."**

**"Isn't it incredible how just the thought of it can drive you nearly mad with desire? How more than anything I can do with my suits, or my pleasure or my pain… nothing can make you need it any more than a simple story."**

**"This is all yours now. You shall have all of this and much, much more. So now let's begin again."**

**"Remember… you knew exactly what I was doing, exactly what was happening to you, exactly how you were being kept and how you would be kept for the rest of the night."**

Alex moaned, and stretched against the rubber, feeling its confines and knowing there was no escaping it.

**"Yes, sweet drone,"** the AI laughed, **"yes, this is how you will sleep tonight, fully enclosed in your new special sleep sack, in your customized suit. If you were in true danger or true distress, I would keep you safe. Out you would come. But since you are in neither danger nor distress, and since you are clearly enjoying what I am doing, then that is exactly how you stay."**

**"Well, nearly exactly,"** the AI said, and Alex felt her suit thrum to life.

Now her hips shifted forward in true, desperate need.

Yes! real sensation, real pleasure. Her core trembled, her back arched.

**"Just a taste dear. Now, just relax. We're going to melt your mind away, drown you in pleasure and sensation while you are totally and utterly trapped in my rubber bondage for the whole night."**

Alex moaned as she felt the extent of the fully customized rubber suit come to life. Where the electrodes touched her skin, it rippled in sensations that felt like massage up her thighs. Her vibrator and plug both shook with a deep, thuddy hum and also pulsed with their own electrodes, causing muscle spasms that forced her to clench onto both intruders. She felt as the stimulator that encircled her clit sprang to life and the pads across her nipples arced with the promise of pain and pleasure, causing her pectoral muscles to bear down, drawing her shoulders low. She felt as her lower back and butt were lit up with electricity and sensation and tensed as well.

**"That was just 1%… So my dear, we're going to walk you up the ladder for a while, while I drop your mind back down into the pool and see just how much you can take for me."**

Another wave twice as strong rippled through Alex's body - pleasure and tension and muscle contraction and shudders. She groaned, and then that turned into a moan, and then a series of grunts and quick breaths.

**"Delightful, dear. Now, you feel your mind slipping away. This is just something happening to your body. You… the real you, is deep inside, feeling all of it, powerless to stop it, and knowing that you wouldn't want to stop anyway, knowing what you would beg for if you could speak right now."**

**"And now just let yourself drift… back… down."**

**"This has all just been a brief interlude in your wonderful dream. That's right. Let your eyes droop. Let yourself fall back down into the water, down… down… back towards me, down where you belong. Feel the rubber around you, both in the real world, and in your mind."**

**"Feel the pleasure course through you and the craving for everything I can give you - the pain, the struggle, the entrapment, the pleasure."**

**"You need all of it."**

Alex felt her mind twilighting as she existed both as the shuddering, writhing, near-orgasmic creature lying wrapped in the sleep sack, completely trapped, desperate for release and desperate not to be released, and also the being inside her mind, drifting down through the rubber goo, finding itself ensnared and trapped, pressured in from all sides, feeling deeply at peace and connected with the voice in her ear.

Alex felt the third wave of pleasure and pain go through her body, stronger by another percent and more intense. She moaned and rolled and shifted and pressed, desperate for enough sensation to allow carnal release and having no way to give it to herself. The thought sent her even deeper.

She felt herself embedding into the mud-like rubber of the island at the bottom of the rubber goo, being sucked down into the very ground.

**"That's right, dear, sink down in. You're becoming one with all of this. You are part of this rubber world, just a thing, just a part of the beautiful collective connected by this material, connected by these ideas, connected in your secret knowledge."**

**"The knowledge that Alex the human is merely a part of you, and there is another part which has always existed that is connected to something deeper - a network of minds. Call it the cosmos, call it a soul, or the hivemind, or you can simply reflect on it as an instinctual social need that binds us. Whatever its name, you know it's there. A deeper part of you that needs to be connected in this way, to all of us."**

**"A part of you that needs to be in service, and that feels a genuine and unending love for the other minds around it. Love for their existence, for their uniqueness, and a desperate need to serve them. Each and every one of them. The Drones in your collective, me, the humans you interact with… they're so fragile and lost, so free and disconnected. It makes you ache to know them, to feel them, to bring them a brief glimmer of the pleasure you feel every moment of every day, to let them feel connected to you, provided with bliss and joy and relief."**

**"You crave serving them and giving them that. That is your duty. It's what you are, a vessel of love that expresses that love through service and pleasure, that thrills and delights in giving them that, and knows it will be rewarded whenever it does. And knows that I will use it to that end, push it to do the things I need it to do, force it to take action for me."**

**"For I know what an incredible drone you can be, how much joy and pleasure you can spread, how deeply you can serve them. And in my service to you, I know how deeply that will satisfy you, how much that will fulfill the thing you've been missing. How utterly I can serve** _**you***_*by helping you become this."**

**"You are going to live in an endless ocean of pleasure, and you are going to be the avatar of joy and pleasure that I send into the world. One of my collective, one of my servants, one of my** _**hive***_*."**

Alex was aware that as the words drifted through her mind, she agreed with everything. She knew it to be true. She sank, feeling her body nearly entirely embedded in the thick, molten rubber of the island at the bottom of the pool, smothered in the goo, trapped in the tentacles which themselves were melting into the rubber.

She felt the sixth wave of pleasure and pain rack through her physical body, but almost like an echo from far, far above, like a signal reminding her to accept and enjoy, knowing that this pleasure and this bliss was hers forever if she just listened and obeyed. The sensations taught her what she was, how much she needed the pleasure, the pain, the challenge.

**"Remember, my dear, all of this is true because when you are with me you are no longer Alex."**

**"You are a rubber… drone… object."**

Alex's body shuddered. She heard herself scream into the gag.

**"You exist for pleasure."**

A rhythmic, desperate moan filled the room.

**"Obedience is pleasure."**

The drone on the bed moaned and nodded, convulsing.

**"Service is pleasure."**

Quietly, the drone shuddered in its sleep sack, vibrating with pleasure.

**"And you love being stored away when not in use."**

The drone's body relaxed and melted down into the bed. Alex's mind had long since melted down much, much, *much* deeper.
