---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Frogtied to Frustration
authors:
- Alina Aamu
tags:
- Sbf
- rope
- cuffs
- cons
- X
date: 2006-09-01 00:00:00
---

It had
been a restless day at the office as I knew what I had in store for myself for
the evening. I was literally sweating through my dress as I was driving home. All
the customers, all the clients at the store couldn't have been further away in
my mind as I was driving down the street, nearly counting the miles I was from
home.

It had
been a long while since I last had had a chance to play any selfbondage games
and I was desperately missing it. I had been away to see my relatives for three
weeks and hadn't come back until this morning when I just had enough time to
shower, change clothes and drive to work. But that was just about to change.

The good
thing about having to go without any kind of selfbondage was that I had time to
think about it and device new plans. I had been thinking of efficient, easy and
very restrictive ways of tying myself up. That's why I had stopped at the
hardware store on my way to work to pick up a couple of padlocks.

What
seemed like an eternity, I finally got to pull my car to the driveway. It was
very relieving because of half of the trip my nipples had been rock hard and I
just had to fiddle my breasts a little while driving. While I did wear a thick
shirt over my dress as it was coming chilly outside, it made me feel like I
would have been exposed to the entire world.

I
checked twice that I had locked my car before heading inside. I had once
forgotten to lock it in my excitement about an upcoming selfbondage adventure,
and I had no intentions of making it happen again. Fortunately nobody had stolen
my car that time, but I didn't want to take the gamble again.

Immediately
when I heard the door click closed behind me, I took off the thick shirt and
kicked my shoes away. The apartment was dark since I had closed all the drapes
before I left for the trip and had seen no reason to pull them open just to
close them again. As keen as I was to begin, I decided that I really should eat
something before I started.

I took
off my panties which had already started to become moist during the drive home. I
enjoyed the feeling when nothing was between my female parts and fresh air. I
opened the fridge and realised that of course I didn't have anything to eat! Why
would there be anything in there when I had been away for three weeks. I had
completely forgotten all about this in my enthusiasm about my upcoming evening
of glorious selfbondage.

I
slumped down to the sofa and started to weigh my option. Stupid bitch, I
thought to myself. I really didn't want to go to a store in my heightened sense
of arousal, but I was afraid that my selfbondage wouldn't be too enjoyable if I
had nothing to think about except my empty stomach fifteen minutes into the
game.

But then
I got an idea! This was something that I could work into my selfbondage. I had
been a bad, bad girl. I needed punishment!

It was
like a lighting had struck inside of me when the idea formed to me and I could
feel my pussy wet from just the idea. I immediately went to my bedroom and
opened my 'special' closet. I had a combination lock in the door as I didn't
want my friends to see what my darker desires had in store there.

I was
extremely thrilled about just seeing all the stuff I had in store for myself in
the closet. Sometimes I spent long moments just looking at the stuff, thinking
about what I could do with the stuff. I had never been into leather or fancy
bondage equipment, so most of what was there was actually quite commonplace. The
entire closet was filled with ropes, long scarves, belts and other things to use
in my self restriction.

I nearly
ripped my skirt off and threw it all the way to the other side of the room. I
was so excited that I my fingers actually slipped a couple of times when I was
taking off my bra. The tendency of my hands to start shaking uncontrollably when
I was aroused was sometimes an inconvenience as it made it harder to do more
complicated ties. And even if I hadn't noticed from them rate of my heartbeat
that I was extremely aroused, my pussy didn't leave much room for alternative
interpretations.

I threw
two long ropes, two regular socks and a long scarf to the bed, my tools of
choice for my bondage today. I had a plan that I considered pretty elaborate,
although I didn't have any misconceptions about my skills in selfbondage after
reading a bunch of stories and technique guides from the internet. Then I took
the cardboard box from the lowest shelf of the closed. This box contained my
most valued bondage possessions. It had a collection of about 30 DVD's but more
importantly, it was a secret home for my collection of gags.

Ever
since I was a young woman and realised that I couldn't be without bondage, I had
been extremely aroused by gags. It was the ultimate tool of submission. To tie
ones hands together and to gag her tightly meant that all forms of communication
were forbidden from the submissive. And since communication is the most
important thing in our society, the idea of preventing that got my juices
flowing.

For this
session, I decided that I'd use my regular medium sized ball gag. I gave some
thought to the ring gag for a moment since I probably would be out of breath at
some point of my play, but I decided that this time there would be no mercy, I
was going to experience the bondage as I had been thinking about for days.

I threw
the gag to the bed and laid down next to all the equipment. I just laid there
doing nothing for a moment, building excitement for my selfbondage experience
which was only moments away. I then took the paper bag from the hardware store
that I had put to the table next to the bed. From there I took the padlocks I
had bought earlier and started opening the package. This turned out to be as
frustrating as always since I didn't like to grow my fingernails, but finally I
did manage to get one of the packages open. I left the other one to the table
because I would need only one today.

I walked
down the hall to the kitchen and placed both of the keys that came with the lock
on one of the kitchen stools. I didn't want to make things too easy for myself,
but even less I fancied the idea of starving to death in inescapable bondage.

I then
when to the bathroom for the one last time before my adventure was about to
start. The excitement was making my hands tremble a lot as I approached the bed
for the last time as a free woman. I took a
deep breath and sat down on the floor beside the bed. It was finally about to
begin, after all those restless nights waiting for sleep to come and dreaming
about bondage.

I took
the ropes from the bed and then proceeded to firmly press my right leg against
my thigh. What I had in mind tonight was a tight frogtie for my legs. I wrapped
one of the ropes many times over my leg and thigh and made a knot that was sure
to hold my struggling. I also made sure that the knot was far enough that it was
impossible for me to start messing with the tie once my hands would be secured
behind my back.

I then
took one of the socks and forced it between my tightly bound leg and thigh. I
put it through beside the rope and then yanked it back above the rope. I then
proceeded to tie it around the rope forming a tight cinch. Pleasure waved over
my body again as I felt the rope tighten when I pulled the cinch harder. I had
been waiting this for so long. Or at least it felt like it.

The
socks had remained in my repertoire from the olden days when I didn't have
anything more fancy to cinch my ties with. It was the times when I was still
living at home and I didn't have the courage or the money to go out and buy
anything fancier. After awhile, I thought that why should I use anything else
when I already have a cheap and working solution.

Pleased
about my handiwork, I did the same for my other leg. After I had completed it, I
did some struggling to make sure the ropes weren't about to give up on me. They
sure didn't.

Next
part was the gag. I leaned myself against the bed as I took hold of the straps.
I waited for a moment. This was by far my favourite part when it came to
bondage. Inserting and strapping the gag in place had such a huge effect on me
that I had several times orgasmed multiple times from just masturbating with my
hand and wearing a new gag.

I
pressed the gag against my lips, pretended that someone was forcing it on me. I
slowly opened my lips and closed my eyes as I felt the familiar taste of rubber
in my mouth. This was my oldest gag and I had been wearing it so often and so
long that my tongue knew this ball almost as well as the insides of my mouth.

I felt
pressure mounting on me and my pussy wetting even more as I quickly strapped the
gag behind my head. Even though I promised myself every time that I wouldn't do
it, I just had to stoke my pussy a few times. It felt heavenly, and I knew that
I wouldn't have to do long to get me over the edge for the first time.

But I
didn't want that to happen. I pressed my legs together even before I had removed
my hand from my private parts. It wasn't time for that yet, I told myself. My
only concern at the moment should be getting my hands tied as tightly and
securely as possible, for this was the first time I'd try the padlock.

I took
the scarf from the bed and tied the ends together tightly to form a loop. From a
lot of experience I knew that if I looped it three times around itself, it would
form a loop that would be just barely large enough to work both of my wrists
into it. I then took the padlock from the bed and placed it right beside me on
the floor.

As it
always was, it was a struggle to get my hands through the tight loop. It had
frustrated me on several occasions, but the effort would always result in a much
better bondage so I deemed it worth the effort.

It took
me even more struggling to slip the second hand through it as I was sweating a
lot. I rolled around on the ground and tried to help my hand by pressing my
elbow against the foot of the bed. After some cursing and screams into my gag, I
finally felt my hand going through the loop and that my wrists were now pressed
to each other by the scarf.

I paused
a moment to take a breath. The act of tying myself up required so much
concentration and sheer strength that I had almost forgot that I was
tremendously aroused by all that was going on. But I was used to that, there was
time for games and restricted enjoyment later.

I
managed to get myself on sitting again against the bed and turned my back to the
padlock waiting on the floor. My theory was that I could use the padlock as a
cinch for my wrists, thus making my bondage locked a secure without the need for
tasteless cuffs or other expensive accessories.

It took
me awhile to work the lock in place, but when I heard the lock click, I was in
heaven. It did not only work, but it made my wrists to be in a tighter tie than
I had ever before managed with a sock as a cinch. I closed my eyes and leaned
myself against the bed once again. This was it, there was no way out until I
manage to travel those 30 feets that separated me from the kitchen and the keys
at the stool. Not a short trip to take when tied like this.

But
first I decided it was time to enjoy. With my eyes closed and still leaning to
the bed, I relaxed myself completely and let every part of my body take in the
feeling of tight bondage that I was experiencing. All the hard work that it took
to get me here was forgotten and the waves of warm contentment started hitting
me again. My pussy came back to life and my juices started to flow, expecting
something to happen. But as I was all bound and gagged (I loved saying that to
myself), there was nothing I could do about it.

Usually
I entertained myself while in bondage by reading bondage stories by others, but
this time my position prevented me from accessing my computer to start reading
them. What to do, then? I figured that I might as well start my journey to the
kitchen.

For a
moment I had to give some careful thought about what would be the most efficient
way of moving about while tied like this. For awhile I considered the
possibility of laying down on my side and try to wriggle my way through the
hallway, but I realised that it wouldn't get me anywhere. Instead, I decided
that the best way to proceed would be to remain sitting up and push myself
forward with my hands. I could also manage to push my feet a few inches forward,
but that was all the bonds would allow me to do.

It was a
long journey to say the least. As I had predicted, it didn't take very long for
my stomach to start protesting about the lack of food, but there was nothing I
could do about that before I could manage my way into the kitchen and free
myself from the bondage.

I
regretted that I didn't look at the clock when I started my voyage, but it
seemed like hours passed with my painful progress of just a few inches at a
time. The ropes had also started to dig into my feet pretty painfully since I
had to push my feet forward against the bonds as hard as I could if I didn't
want to stay like this all night.

I even
fell down a few times and pretty soon decided that I had to take breaks very
often to let my legs to recover from the intense pain the ropes gave me every
time I pushed my feet forward. I had to bite into my gag several times and even
let out pretty loud grunts and screams. Needless to say, I loved every second of
it and I suspected that my pussy juices left a trail to the floor as I advanced.

When I
finally reached the stool I knew the keys were on, I could just collapse on the
floor from the extreme fatigue. As I had predicted, I was entirely out of
breath. I was grateful that I had chosen the medium sized ball gag, since it
left plenty of room to breath around it.

As I
laid there, gasping for breath, I realised that if I didn't start moving pretty
soon again I might fall asleep. It wouldn't be so dangerous, I've slept in
bondage several times, but I was afraid that it would soon come so late that I
couldn't get anything to eat. In addition, I preferred to sleep in lighter
bondage and on the bed.

I had
prepared that I'd have to make the stool fall over in order for me to get the
keys, but I realised that if I'd lift myself to my knees, I could reach my hands
behind me and get the keys that way. But after realising what an athletic
manoeuvre it would be to get myself to my knees, I just grabbed the stool and
let it fall down.

I was in
luck; a key landed just beside me so I didn't have to sit up in order to get
moving towards a key anymore. I grabbed the key and started working on the lock
to release me. To my surprise, it wasn't as hard as I thought and only moments
later I heard the padlock hit the ground. My hands were free again... or at
least they would be after I force my wrists from the tight scarf.

It was a
battle again, but as it always is, it was a lot easier to pull my hands from the
loop than to insert them there. Immediately when my hands were free, I didn't
plan to waste a second. With no intention of releasing any of my other bonds, my
hands shot straight to my pussy and I started to do the wonders I know that
pleases me the most.

After
that, time was something I had no idea about. My eyes felt like they turned
completely around as I had the orgasm that would be the first of many to come
before I'd release myself from the bonds completely and start typing my
adventure on the computer...
