---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Moving Day
authors:
- LeahBMe
tags:
- M/f
- latex
- catsuit
- bond
- encase
- crate
- bagged
- transported
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2003-07-10 00:00:00
---

Leah finished packing the last of the dishes into the box marked fragile.
It had been a hectic past two days getting everything packed.

"Finally," she said while wiping a bead of sweat from her brow, "everything
is packed. Now it's up to the movers."

Leah and her husband, Chris, were moving to his parent's farm, left
to them after they had passed away. They had died in a car accident when
a trucker had fallen asleep and crossed the lanes. Chris had taken the
news very hard, as expected, but lately he had been feeling better and
was returning to his old self. The settlement from the truck company had
been very generous and they now had enough to live comfortably on the farm
without financial concerns. They still planned to work the land and continue
his father's dream, but they wouldn't have to scrimp and save as they had
been.

Leah picked up the box and took it to the front room so that the moving
men wouldn't have to track all over the house. She found an open spot near
the hallway and upon setting it down she let out a squeal as Chris grabbed
her butt.

"Gotcha!"

"Damn you Chris," she chided, "I didn't even hear you! Some day you're
going to give me a heart attack you know! Then what will you do, huh? You
won't be able to have me around to scare any more."

Leah regretted saying the last part as soon as the words left her mouth.
This wasn't the time to be joking about that. She only hoped that Chris
wouldn't be hurt very much by her untimely outburst.

"Oh Chris, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like..."

Her words trailed off as Chris put a single finger across her mouth.

"Don't worry about that honey, I know you didn't mean it and I'm okay
with my parents death now. It was an accident, that's all. They are with
God now and I'm happy for them. We still have a lot to look forward to.
And besides, I know that you secretly like being scared anyways." Chris
soothed, "You always get a little flushed and your eyes light up whenever
I do it."

"I do not!" She squealed as she put on her best pouty face, "I get flushed
because I'm mad at you for doing that! I don't like it one bit! Its mean,
and you get a kick out of it!"

Trying to emphasize her point Leah stamped her feet and shook her finger
at him.

"Quit trying to make me feel sorry for you." He laughed as she continued
her fit. "I know you like it because you always give me a big hug afterwards.
If
you were truly mad you wouldn't even touch me. So quit pouting and come
here!"

"You're not getting any of that this time buster," Leah chided as she
pushed his outstretched arms away, a smile replacing her down-turned lips,
"you'll just have to hug yourself. I've got to go to the bathroom, and
besides, the moving company will be here any minute."

Chris caught her around the waist and pulled her tight as she tried
to push past him.

"But we're not finished packing my dear!" He breathed into her ear.
"There is one more thing to pack before we leave."

"What else could there be?" She asked, "We've packed everything we own,
its all sitting in these boxes here."

"It's in the garage, my dear. But I'll tell you what, go to the bathroom
and I'll start getting it ready."

"There's nothing in the garage," she protested, "we finished that yesterday."

"Go to the bathroom and then come to the garage, you'll see."

Giving her a light tap on the butt and pointing down the hall Leah looked
confused. Shrugging her shoulders and a little disappointed that there
was still more to do she drug her feet a little as she headed off.

Smiling widely when he heard the bathroom door close, Chris made his
way to the garage. It was true, they had finished packing everything in
there yesterday, but this package hadn't been there. Chris had snuck this
in last night while she was sleeping and had deliberately kept her out
of there during the day. Secrecy was a must if this was going to be a surprise,
and what a surprise it would be. He could just imagine the surprise on
her face when she learned that it was her that was the last item to be
packed.

Leah finished her business and washed her hands. Looking into the mirror
she figured that she was about due for a shower. Sweat had trickled down
her face and dried, leaving a hint of white streaks from the salt. Her
hair was a muss and bags under her eyes were beginning to form from working
so hard the past days. Grabbing a washcloth that they had left so they
would have something to dry their hands with she pulled the stopper on
the sink and filled it with warm water. Soaking the washcloth in the basin
she began to clean her face. After gently washing away the dirt and sweat
she began to feel better. Deciding that the rest of her body could use
a quick cleaning as well she stripped off her clothes and began to sponge
her skin.

"What's taking you so long?" Chris asked through the door.

Slightly startled once again by him she replied that she was just giving
herself a quick wash and would be a few more minutes.

"I'll meet you in the garage shortly, I just need to get some of this
dirt off of me. I wish I had some clean clothes instead of having to put
these messy ones back on."

"No problem." He replied as he opened the door.

"Chris!" she yelped upon seeing him entering, "I'm naked! Don't come
in!"

"I can see that you're naked my dear, I'm not blind you know. Besides
I like to see you this way, that sexy body of yours turns me on."

"Get out!" Shy about her body, she tried to cover up. "I'll meet you
in the garage, now get!"

Laughing as he approached her, he slipped his hands over her breasts.
Giving them a slight squeeze as he did so.

"Go away, we can't do that now. The movers are coming."

"Perhaps you should be coming as well." He whispered as he slid a hand
towards her sex.

"Quit that you horny beast, I'm not in the mood. Now go away, I mean
it!" She scolded him as she slapped his hand away.

"Oh alright, I'm leaving. But not without your clothes!"

Grabbing up the pile on the floor before she could react he ran from
the bathroom to the garage.

"Chris! Chris! Get back here! Bring me my clothes! The movers will be
here any minute; they might see me. Chris!" Leah shrieked as he darted
from the bathroom.

"If you want them, come and get them!" He joked as he slammed the garage
door shut.

"Chris! Chris?"

Damn him, she thought to herself. He was definitely returning to normal,
but this wasn't funny. What if somebody saw her? They had packed all the
curtains and blinds, nothing covered the windows, anybody walking by could
see in the house. They could see her.

Looking for something to cover herself with she found nothing. The washcloth
was too small to provide any protection. She would just have to make a
quick dart through the house to the garage. The garage where her clothes
were; and once there, to kick Chris's butt.

Peering out the bathroom door she took a few small steps to the end
of the hallway and stopped. Peeking around the corner to see if anyone
was in the street she saw no one. She had to cross the living room and
then the kitchen to the get to the garage but she could only see one way
up the street from where she was. Deciding that there was nothing else
she could do Leah took one last look and made a run for it. In a blur she
covered the ground between the living room and the kitchen, never slowing
even as she took a quick glance towards the street. She thought she saw
her neighbour watering his flowers but couldn't be sure he saw her. A quick
turn to the right and she was in the kitchen darting for the door that
led to the garage. Quickly she grasped the knob and threw herself through
the door, managing to stub her toe on the way through.

"Damn you," she yelled as she slammed the door shut while clutching
her throbbing toe, "that wasn't funny. What if somebody saw me? I know
we're leaving and all, but some of these people are our friends. Then what
are we going to d...."

Anger quickly washed from her face as she finally let go of her toe
and looked over at Chris. A huge smile covered his face while he lent against
the empty workbench. Well, it wasn't completely empty; a large white box
wrapped with a red bow was perched on the top. To his left sat a long wooden
crate that was empty and had the lid leaning against it. It looked as though
the crate was just longer than she was tall, slightly wider than she was,
and just under two feet deep.

"What's all this?" she asked.

"Why, it's a crate my dear." Chris sarcastically replied. "It's a crate
and gift to you. You see darling, we do in fact have one more item to pack
up! And yes love, that item is you!"

"I don't think so!" fear traced her voice, "I'm not getting into that,
I know we're into bondage and all but this is going a little far."

"Oh yes you are, you will do as I say or I will open the garage door
here and drag you into the street and leave you there!" Adding emphasis
by showing her the garage door opener in his hand.

"You wouldn't dare," she pleaded, "Everybody will see me!"

"Want to bet?" he said as he moved his thumb towards the button. "We
can find out right now just how serious I can be. What'll it be my dear?

"No! Don't! I couldn't bear it."

"Here we go!" He pushed the button and the door slowly started to climb.

"Alright, Alright! I'll do it! Close the door!"

Chris quickly pressed the button again and the door reversed and closed.
It had risen no more than a foot and nobody would have been able to see
inside far enough to know what was going on.

"That's a girl, it won't be so bad. Besides, I bought you a little gift
here to make you feel better." Pointing towards the white box. "Go ahead
and open it. I know that it is something that you have wanted for a long
time and since the settlement check finally came I figured it was about
time you had it."

Leah padded over to the workbench and looked at the box. It was quite
large and the bow on top held a card that read 'To Leah with love'. Curiosity
began to get the better of her and deciding their was nothing else she
could do she reached out and lifted the lid. Instantly after the lid came
off she smelt the distinct odour of latex. She knew that smell well and
remembered how she had enjoyed spending time by the racks of latex at the
local adult store simply soaking up the delicious aroma. She had wanted
to buy some but knew that they could never afford it, always walking out
of the store empty handed, feeling sullen that she could come so close
but not be able to have it.

"Oh Chris, you didn't?" hope lighting up in her eyes, "Is it, I mean,
is it really what I think it is?"

"Look further, look into the box, and your questions will soon be answered."
His eyes pointing to the interior of the box.

Suddenly hopeful she quickly lifted the box from the bench and set it
on the ground so that she could see into it. Folding back a few pieces
of red tissue paper she saw her prize. At the top of the pile sat a brand
new shiny black rubber catsuit. Barely able to contain her glee she greedily
reached in and withdrew her treasure and held it to her naked chest. She
let the legs unfold and drape across her exposed thighs savouring the slippery
feel as they slid down. The attached hands and feet bubbled slightly as
air suddenly filled the garment.

"Its wonderful, simply wonderful! How did you know that this was what
I wanted?"

"I have eyes, I watch. Do you really think that you were being that
covert? Every time we went to the store you would immediately make a beeline
for the racks of latex. You would always act like you were just looking,
but this particular suit was what you looked at first. It didn't take much
to put two and two together."

"I can't wait, help me get it on!" She replied as she started to undo
the back zipper.

"Patience," he said as he touched her shaking hand, "there is more to
discover in the box."

Leah glanced down into the tissue paper lined box and spotted some other
garments inside. A full face hood with a breathing tube sat to the left,
a large bundle of rubber straps on the right, a pair of latex panties in
the middle, complete with a large and small dildo resting in the crotch
area. A large unidentifiable sheet of rubber sat underneath it all, each
and everyone the colour black.

"Here, give me the suit and turn around." He said as he reached for
the black bundle in her hands.

Shaking with excitement she handed him her trophy and turned her back
towards him. Chris set the rubber catsuit on the bench and produced a bottle
of talcum powder he had hiding on a shelf. Starting at her shoulders he
began to slowly dust her body with the white powder. Goosebumps dotted
her arms as he slid his hands over them. Her chest was next and he took
his time ensuring that it was well covered, pausing for a few minutes on
the erect nipples all the while pretending that he couldn't quite get the
powder to stay put. Shivers could be felt through her body while he coated
her back and abdomen.

Leah was definitely getting excited as her breathing
had noticeably increased in speed. Next to be layered was her legs. Chris
diligently rubbed the powder across her thighs and buttocks, deliberately
avoiding the inside even though she had spread her legs quite wide. He
could tell she yearned to be touched down there, but her lower legs and
feet received the honour of his gentle touch. Finally convinced that she
had been deprived enough he filled his hands with the dust and caressed
her cleft, the powder instantly soaking up the moisture that had leaked
from her pussy.

"Huh, I see what they mean when they talk about rolling the fat lady
in flour so you could find the wet spot." He said jokingly. "You look like
a horny ghost you know. Turn around, it's time to get dressed!" his voice
becoming stern.

Leah found it hard to turn as her legs became wobbly. She couldn't believe
that she was actually going to be able to wear the latex suit. It was finally
hers, and now the moment had come she grew weak from the excitement.

Picking up the latex panties from the box Chris told her to lift her
legs. Tentatively she raised her left foot and pointed it towards the leg
opening. As it slid through she could feel the latex grab at her foot,
the friction tickling her slightly. As her second foot passed through she
began to regain some of her strength and was able to stand at little firmer.
Her excitement growing inside she could feel a trickle of her lubricant
escape her lips and trickle down her leg. Looking down at the black mass
approaching her crotch she eyed the dildos pointing directly at her holes.

"Hurry, I want them inside me now. I can't wait. I need them." She pleaded.

Chris, eyeing her desire, decided that it wouldn't hurt to pick up the
pace a little. Taking a firm grasp on the sides of the panty he slid them
past her knees and up her thighs. Telling her to squat a little he dug
his fingers into her pussy and extracted a large amount of lubricant. Carefully
he spread the juice onto each of the dildos and, after refilling once again
from between her lips, he spread her juice over her rear hole. Slowly he
continued the ascent of the panty towards her hips and gently guided the
intruders towards their intended holes. Feeling the resistance slightly
as the dildos began to pierce their new homes he reached under the panty
and gave a slight push. A moan escaped Leah's pursed lips and her eyes
shut as the trespassers made their way in. Gently but firmly Chris continued
his relentless pressure until finally the base of the dildos bumped against
her skin. Giving the sides of the panty one final tug to ensure it was
seated properly he stepped back and admired the look on Leah's face.

"How's it feel?" he asked.

"Mmmmm," was her reply, refusing to open her eyes. She started to rock
her hips back and forth attempting to cajole the intruders into sparking
an orgasm.

"Hey hey, none of that now!" he reprimanded her, "there'll be plenty
of time for that later. We must hurry if we're to have you packed up for
the move. I told the company that we needed them an hour later than previously
agreed, but if you're going to do that we'll have no time!"

Fear again covered her face as she remembered what he had planned. He
had bought her these wonderful garments but he couldn't be serious about
packing her up like an object. But the look on his face told her that he
expected exactly that.

Chris picked up the rubber bundle from the bench and told her to lift
her foot. Resigned to her fate she barely hesitated as she raised it in
the air. Again she could feel the friction of the latex sliding over her
foot as he pulled the shiny black material over it. She had to push a little
when the ankle of the catsuit got tight but soon after her foot plopped
into the attached sock. Her second foot was a little easier going in and
soon she was standing on both feet again. Chris took his time guiding the
slippery garment up her legs, pausing now and then to ensure the fit was
proper. The grip of the rubber hugged her legs as the black mass progressed
up her body.

Soon he reached her upper thighs and stole a quick moment
to give the dildos a gentle nudge, causing a spasm to course through her
body as the intruders bumped together against her inner walls. A quick
giggle from him after she moaned from pleasure and he was tugging again
on the rubber. Sliding the latex over her buttocks and cleft he pulled
the suit past her stomach, causing a louder moan this time as the suit
pulled the dildos in her pussy and ass deeper into her body. Another pause
to give her nipples a quick tug and the suit was pulled over her breasts,
small buds poked at the rubber trying to break free from its grasp. One
by one her arms were guided down the sleeves and her hands into their respective
gloves.

"Almost done!" he teased as he pulled the suit up over her shoulders
tightened it around her chest. Ensuring that the neck of the catsuit was
in its proper place he tugged at the zipper located at the base of her
spine and pulled it closed. Each tooth closing on the zipper tightened
the latex around her waist and chest. Leah could barely control her breathing
as the rubber gripped her body tighter and tighter. Finally as the zipper
reached its peak she couldn't believe how incredible the garment felt.
Every single part of her body was being gripped by the latex. The rubber
hugged her skin and brought new sensations that she had never thought possible.

She took a tentative step forward and gasped as the dildos shifted positions.
She moved her hands across her belly and breasts enjoying the jittery movements
and vibrations it sparked as the latex stuck to itself. Each vibration
seemed to end up directly on each nipple causing an intense feeling of
pleasure. Wonderingly she passed one of her hands across the top of her
mound and let out a hiss as the vibrations rocked her clitoris.

"There will be none of that just yet!" he spoke as she grabbed her hands
and held them behind her back, "it's time to get you packed up and ready
to go!"

Grasping both her wrists in one hand he reached into the box and withdrew
a latex strap.

"This is to make sure you don't go rubbing yourself and spoiling the
fun while I take you to the house."

Quickly he wound the strap around her wrists before she could protest,
each wrap a little tighter until he was sure that she could not get free.
Taking the ends of the strap he wound it around her waist and tied it off
in front, pinioning her hands to the small of her back. He took a second
strap and wound it around her chest and arms just above her elbows, sealing
her arms tightly so that she could only move them a few inches. A third
strap was wound around her thighs while a fourth at her feet ensured that
her legs were well immobilized. A fifth, and much longer, rubber strap
was finally wound completely around her body from her shoulders to her
ankles. Satisfied that she wasn't going anywhere he picked up the latex
hood and stood back.

"Any final words before you go in the crate?" he asked.

"Oh please, please let me cum. I've wanted this for so long, I can't
wait any more! The sensations are driving me crazy for lust, please, I
need it, just a quick one, just give it a few rubs and that should be enough.
Please baby, plea...mmmmmmph."

The gag from the hood slid in quite easily when he pushed it into her
mouth. The rubber filled her palate and bulged her cheeks slightly. A startled
look flashed through her eyes when her ability of speech was cut off.

"No, I think that I'll make you wait just a little while longer." He
said as he pulled the hood over her head, casting her into sudden darkness.
"It's only a 2 hour drive to the farm, you should be able to hold out for
that long. After all, you've been waiting so long already for this that
it would be a shame not to savour the feeling of being encased in latex
for a little while yet."

Taking his time to ensure that the breathing tube was properly set in
her mouth and she would not suffocate he smoothed a few wrinkles in the
rubber as it hugged her head. Stepping back and admiring his work he found
it hard to ignore the bulge that had formed in his pants. His penis yearned
for release yet he knew that time was getting short. The workers should
be here soon. He hoped they wouldn't be too early.

"Stand still, I've got to get your crate ready." He told her as he grabbed
the final garment from the bottom of the gift box.

She hadn't been able to identify what it was, but Chris knew. Carefully
he placed the bodybag into the crate and unzipped it the full length.

"I think that you're going to enjoy this." He teased her as he gently
picked her up and laid her in the center of the bag. "I can't have you
getting damaged during transport, and I thought that this would be a lot
funner for you than Styrofoam puffs. You see my dear; I'm going to place
you into an inflatable body bag. When I fill it with air your catsuit and
hood will press even tighter against your helpless body. The latex will
fill your ears and render you deaf to outside noises. Your binds will tighten
and your ability to move will disappear. Eventually you will lose track
of time and your mind will drift into a different realm. The only sensations
you will have are of the latex sealing your body, your helplessness, oh,
and I almost forgot, the constant vibrations from the remote control vibrators
now buried inside you. They were quite cleverly hidden inside the rubber,
so well in fact that you couldn't tell they were vibrators unless you bought
the item yourself. But don't worry darling, I'm not going to turn them
on just yet. That will just have to be a surprise for you as to when they
will start. But for now I must say that the time has come to seal you up,
I'll see you in a few hours, maybe..."

Grabbing hold of the airtight zipper Chris tugged it the full length
of the bag, pausing only to pull the breathing tube through its designated
slot. Striding over to the bench he picked up the portable air pump he
had hidden and went back to the crate. He attached the end of the pump
to the air valve and turned the compressor on. The bag began to quickly
inflate and soon was bulging tightly against the walls of the crate. He
could hear small moans through the breathing tube and chuckled to himself.

"Enjoy it my dear, for I have a few surprises at our new home." He spoke
aloud as he placed the lid on the top of the crate and closed the hasps.
Four locks were placed around the crate and secured. Just as he heard the
final snap of the fourth lock the doorbell rang.

"Right on time!" Chris exclaimed as he tapped the top of Leah's crate
and went to let them in.

Leah could hardly believe the sensations she was feeling. Chris had
been right. She couldn't move an inch inside her bag. The pressure had
forced the latex of her suit so tightly against her body she thought her
skin and the rubber would fuse together. At first she had been able to
hear the hiss of the air as it filled her crate, but soon the latex sealed
her ears and all sound had been cut off. Lying there blind, deaf, and mute
she felt completely helpless, bound by the rubber that she had wished for
so long.

After ten minutes had passed she sensed that her crate was moving.

"They must be loading me into the back of Chris's truck." She thought.
"How long is he going to keep me like this? Damn him, I need release. Why
couldn't he just rub my pussy a little bit? That's all I needed."

Leah lay inside the crate muttering curses about her husband. Struggling
to find some way to please herself, but finding none. She was just too
well bound. She wanted so badly for him to turn on the vibrators. That
would be enough to push her over the edge. 'When would they turn on?' she
wondered as Chris pulled onto the street and began the journey to their
new home.

The End
