---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/eroticstories/storieslr/otherwise_engaged.html
subcategory: Spandex
title: Otherwise Engaged
authors:
- Quiver
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- oral
- sex
- denial
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2021-03-21 00:00:00
---

Sarah had decided to surprise Mark at work today. It had been a few weeks since he proposed, but despite their new engagement, they hadn't been able to spend much time together. Sarah didn't blame Mark, but he was working on a huge case that had been taking up a lot of his evenings. Sarah decided to take matters into her own hands, and after all, he could probably use some relief from the monotony.

Today was the perfect day for it, since Sarah didn't have to be at work. It was some kind of teacher in-service day at her school, but as a kindergarten teacher she didn't really need to be there. So she had taken the opportunity to bring her new fiance his favorite treat: fresh-baked eclairs from one of the small bakeries near their apartment. She just needed to sneak into his office without being recognized by any of Mark's colleagues. Most importantly, Jacob Schuster, one of the senior partners at the law firm, though Sarah knew him better as "Dad".

Sarah walked toward the back elevator in the building to the Roberts, Schuster & West law firm where Mark was a junior partner. She knew the office building fairly well, having grown up visiting her father at work. More recently, she had gained a lot of experience sneaking around the back elevator with Mark when they had first started dating.

Not that they really needed to sneak around anymore. Everyone at the office knew they were dating, including her father. She and Mark had attended several years' worth of potlucks and holiday parties as a couple by this point. But it was still pretty thrilling to covertly enter the building, even when there was no need for secrecy. And Jacob, despite being relatively open-minded, still wasn't one hundred percent on board with the idea of his only daughter shacking up with some whitebread young lawyer who wasn't even Jewish. He had been rather tight-lipped after their engagement announcement last week. He was going to need some time to get used to the idea of having Mark as a son-in-law.

As Sarah exited the elevator on the 6th floor, Sarah kept her head down and tried to appear as nondescript and unassuming as possible as she moved quickly along the hallway to find Mark's office. Given the time and his schedule, Mark was likely in his daily briefing with some of the senior partners. Glancing in either direction, Sarah quickly made her way past the empty desk of Mark's secretary, and darted inside his office, shutting the door behind her.

Sarah was already tingling in anticipation as she relished the quick thrill of sneaking through a crowded firm unnoticed. She placed the bag of eclairs at the center of Mark's desk as a surprise for when he returned to his office, and quickly scrambled under Mark's desk to wait for him.

She waited there, seated as comfortably as possible while squeezed below Mark's desk, for about half an hour before boredom started to get the best of her. And it being nearly lunch time, those eclairs were starting to call her name. Well, she *had* brought one for each of them to share, she thought to herself. Why not have a little treat while she waited? So Sarah reached out from her hiding place to grab one of the eclairs from the bag, and brought it down below the desk with her. Letting the sweet aroma fill her nostrils, she took a big bite, as the creamy filling oozed across her tongue and she savored the delicious pastry. No sooner had she enjoyed her first bite than she heard the door to Mark's office begin to open. She surreptitiously peaked out from her hiding place and tried to stuff the rest of her eclair back in the bag. She got it part-way into the bag before the door was fully open, and quickly ducked back beneath the desk, sitting back expectantly as her fiance entered his office.

She heard Mark walking over to his desk from the door, and listened as he paused momentarily, likely because he noticed the half-eaten eclair sitting in the middle of his desk.

"Hmm," Mark said in an exaggerated voice. "I don't remember bringing eclairs for breakfast. How *very* strange!" He walked slowly around the side of his desk, as Sarah felt her heart start to pound in her chest.

"Well, I must have been interrupted," he continued loudly. "It's not like me to leave a pastry uneaten like that," he said as his feet finally lined up in front of his chair. "I suppose I better...," he sat down carefully, his hands grasping at his belt, "finish the job." As he sat fully in his chair, he deftly unbuckled his belt and casually unzipped his pants. Leaving his pants unzipped but otherwise not touching himself, Mark reached back up to the bag of eclairs and made a show of removing the half-eaten one from the bag.

Sarah, taking the not-so-subtle hint, ran her hands up Mark's thighs as he lifted the eclair to his mouth. As her hands moved along his legs, Mark let out a slight groan, "Mmmm...," he said, still in the exaggerated tone. "That smells *so* good." Sarah's hands reached Mark's open fly and she gently brushed away the fabric of his tucked shirt, revealing a semi-hard cock threatening to escape Mark's boxer briefs.

Placing her palm against the bulge between Mark's legs, Sarah scooted forward on her knees so that her face was mere inches away from Mark's rapidly hardening cock. Mark leaned forward against his desk, allowing Sarah clearer access, and took his first bite out of the eclair. As Mark bit down on the soft pastry, Sarah pulled the waistband of Mark's briefs down just far enough to release his now erect cock from the confines of his underwear.

Sarah took a moment to examine her fiance's perfect cock, biting her lip as it twitched in her hand. She leaned forward and gave it a gentle lap with her tongue, causing it to jump in response. Mark groaned in pleasure as he savored the combined sensations of Sarah's many treats.

"You are so good," Mark whispered, allowing his eyes to close as Sarah continued to delicately caress his throbbing cock with her tongue. Just as he said this, the door to his office swung open abruptly. Mark started in his chair, dropping the eclair into his lap. "Mr. Schuster!" he said, quickly swallowing the bite of pastry he had in his mouth and attempting to regain his composure. He wasn't loving the fact that he had nearly been caught by his boss, and soon-to-be father-in-law, having an office quickie with his daughter.

"Hi Mark," Jacob Schuster responded, looking at Mark with slight suspicion at his reaction. "Sorry, I," Jacob began, "didn't mean to interrupt your... lunch," he finished, looking with disapproval at Mark's apparent meal choice.

"Oh, it's no problem," Mark answered quickly, scooting forward and resting his elbows on his desk and trying to move past the moment. From the corner of his eye, he noticed Sarah's hand reach from below the desk to grab the eclair from his lap, which caused him to smile in amusement. "What can I do for you?" Mark asked.

Sarah had stopped teasing Mark at the sound of the door, but now that the initial surprise had worn off, she decided to have some fun with her fiance. The idea of doing this right under her father's nose was more than enough to get her excited. Mark's dick had lost some of its hardness when confronted with Sarah's father, but it was by no means soft. As she placed the rest of the pastry in her mouth, licking the fingers of her left hand clean, Sarah carefully walked her right hand up toward Mark's shaft and began to quietly tug at his semi-rigid cock once again. Mark jerked slightly in his chair in response.

"Nothing urgent," responded Jacob, still warily eyeing his oddly jumpy future son-in-law. "I just wanted to drop off these contracts for you to look over. I would have left them with Tracy, but she wasn't at her desk, and I was under the impression you were free for the next hour."

Mark blinked through his arousal as Sarah quietly stroked him, and he tried to keep his voice even in his reply, "Yes sir, you remembered correctly. Thank you, Mr. Schuster. I'll get right on that." As Mark finished his sentence, Sarah suddenly took his entire cock into her mouth, holding him there against the back of her throat.

"No rush, we have until next week on those," Jacob said, pausing in obvious discomfort. "And Mark, please call me Jacob. No need for such formalities among... family," he added, reluctance to use the word evident in his voice.

"Thank you, sir," Mark said, "I mean Jacob. Thank you, Jacob. I appreciate it, and I'll be proud to be a member of your family. I love your daughter very much."

"Mmm," Jacob replied noncommittally. "Yes, well, enjoy the rest of your lunch," Jacob said as he glanced down with judgment at the remaining eclair on Mark's desk. Jacob turned to leave, shutting the door behind him.

Mark immediately backed his chair up a few inches, pulling himself out of Sarah's mouth and looking down at his minx of a fiancee in recrimination. "You're bad," he said, not quite completely teasing. "And not exactly helping make your father like me..." he trailed off.

Sarah looked up innocently, a slight smile forming at the edge of her mouth. "I'm sorry," she said, sticking out her lower lip in a pout. "Are you going to punish me?" she asked, her eyes widening with feigned apprehension.

"Oh, definitely," Mark responded, barely able to keep the smile off of his face, and suddenly no longer concerned with the opinion of her father. "You're going to pay for that little stunt," he continued, his cock throbbing in front of her as he became more immersed in their interplay.

"You better get back to work on this cock," Mark said, leaning back casually in his chair and pointing to his erection. "I don't think you've had quite enough cream in that mouth for one day."

Sarah looked up with a cocked eyebrow, biting her lower lip as she came forward once again to take Mark inside her mouth. But just as her lips brushed the head of his cock, Mark's office door opened once again, but this time much more cautiously than Jacob's entrance.

"Shit," Mark muttered to himself as he jerked upright once more, scooting forward and pushing Sarah backwards onto her ass under his desk.

Mark shuffled some papers in front of him to try to look busy as his secretary, Tracy, peeked her head into the room. "Are you busy?" Tracy asked.

Mark cleared his throat, trying to appear casual as he glanced up from the papers. "Ah, no, not busy. Just taking a look at these... contracts that Mr. Schuster dropped by."

"Oh, right! I'm sorry I didn't warn you about that. He caught me off guard and asked if you were free and just went right by before I could pick up the phone to ask if you were available," Tracy responded with a blatant contradiction to Jacob's story as she slipped into the room, shutting the door behind her. "And of course I didn't want to cause any problems with you and your new in-laws," Tracy continued, her voice letting slip a hint of sarcasm. "They can be so demanding." Tracy sat down at one of the two chairs opposite Mark, crossing her long legs in front of her and leaning forward slightly to reveal her ample cleavage.

"Heh, yeah," Mark replied, trying to think of a way of getting his secretary to leave his office without seeming rude.

Tracy glanced around the room, clearly looking for something to chat about. Her eyes landed on the remaining eclair on Mark's desk. She smiled knowingly. "Having a little treat for lunch, are we Mark?" she asked with a silky voice.

Sarah noted the flirtatiousness in Tracy's voice. Mark's secretary had a thing for him, it appeared. And who could blame her, Sarah thought to herself. Mark was a catch. Still, Sarah was a little surprised that Tracy had chosen to go after Mark over the other eligible men at the firm, specifically the older, more established ones. Tracy was basically gorgeous, a classic beauty. Blonde, perfect figure, big tits, long legs, with a wardrobe that didn't hide any of it. She could have pretty much any man she wanted, and she knew it. And Tracy really didn't have much in the way of legal background. It was pretty clear that she was at the firm to find some nice easy rich husband to attach herself to. Mark was sexy, no doubt about it, but he was a junior partner, still quite a ways away from being wealthy. Not to mention he would lose his job and status in a heartbeat if he was caught cheating on the boss' daughter. Maybe she likes the thrill, Sarah thought to herself. Or maybe it's just Mark being Mark. Sarah smiled thinking about her adorable fiance, still listening intently to his uncomfortable conversation with his flirty secretary. Her eyes drifted over to Mark's once again semi-flaccid penis, and her mind began wandering in all sorts of dirty directions.

"Ah, yeah, sweet tooth, you know," Mark stammered, very aware that his cock was still hanging out of his pants in the workplace.

Sarah heard Tracy giggle and stand up to walk toward Mark's desk. "I'm sure Sarah wouldn't approve of you indulging that sweet tooth while you two are planning a wedding," Tracy said. "It'll be our little secret," she continued. "No need to worry the anxious bride-to-be." Sarah snorted a little at the thought of the bridezilla image Tracy was trying to paint of her.

"Umm," Mark responded, trying not to engage. Not at all dissuaded, Tracy leaned in across the desk, her cleavage on full display as she pressed her arms together. Mark couldn't help but glance down at Tracy's sun-bronzed breasts as she whispered, "I'm good at keeping secrets."

Sarah, still facing Mark's cock at eye-level, noticed that it had started to swell when Tracy had leaned on the desk. And at those last words of hers, it had given a noticeable twitch. Amused and rapidly getting turned on at the thought of Mark wanting to fuck Tracy, Sarah reached up with her right hand and gave Mark's erection a gentle but swift flick.

Mark immediately winced at the unexpected attack from his little goblin of a fiancee. His hand reflexively darted to his crotch.

However, it was clear from Tracy's reaction that this gesture looked considerably different from an outside perspective. Mark looked up at Tracy to see a mischievous grin on her face. She was clearly under the impression that Mark was so overwhelmed by her charm that he couldn't help but touch himself.

"It's too bad you're engaged, Mark," Tracy said with a sultry lilt in her voice. "And if I'm being perfectly honest, you could probably do better than that short kindergarten teacher. Even if marrying the boss' daughter does help advance your career. She's sweet and even kind of cute, but you could do better. You're smart enough, you could probably even go out on your own. Leave the dead weight behind," she continued.

Mark had pursed his lips at the first mention of Sarah, and his anger was starting to rise at the blatant disrespect Tracy was showing toward his fiancee. Especially the insinuation that he was only with Sarah for his job. Hell, dating Sarah had put his job in *jeopardy*. Jacob Schuster had actually *liked* Mark before he found out he was dating his daughter.

Sarah, from her increasingly uncomfortable perch below Mark's desk, could see the tell-tale signs of anger even from this angle. There was a red flush spreading across what she could see of his stomach, and his entire body had tensed up. At the same time, Sarah couldn't help but notice the wetness growing between her own legs. Tracy calling her dead weight when she was down here crammed below a desk was a new kind of humiliation she hadn't even known she wanted.

Before Mark could gather his thoughts enough to tell Tracy off, Sarah leaned forward and let her tongue fully encircle the tip of Mark's cock. Suddenly distracted, Mark wasn't able to speak before Tracy continued digging. "But you know," Tracy said, leaning in even further, "we can still have some fun. She never has to know."

Mark was being pulled in multiple directions. With Sarah working her magic below his desk, he couldn't quite keep his thoughts together, and he briefly let his eyes close. Sarah flicked her tongue across his frenulum as she ran her hand across his balls. Damn, she knew exactly how to touch him. Without thinking, Mark let out a very quiet moan.

Tracy, taking this as confirmation, smiled knowingly at Mark. Reaching across the desk, she stroked his cheek with the back of her hand and whispered huskily, "Soon." Tracy pushed herself off the desk, flipped her hair and sauntered toward the door, confident that she had roped in her prey. "Bye Mark," she said smugly as she opened his door, "I'll leave you to your... handiwork." Finally making her exit, Tracy went back to her desk outside Mark's office.

As soon as the door was shut, Mark stood up from his chair and looked down at Sarah. "Stay right there," he said as he stuffed his erect cock back into his pants and quickly marched over to the door to turn the deadbolt. Hurriedly making his way back over to Sarah, he fumbled with his pants again, desperately pulling out his throbbing cock. "Get your ass up. Now," he said to Sarah with urgency.

Sarah stood up, her head tilted down in contrition, but her eyes glinting with excitement. Mark stuck his tongue against his cheek as he attempted to admonish her. "You are so bad," he said sternly, but not quite able to keep his mouth from turning upward in a loving smile.

Sarah bit her lip again, releasing her long curly brown hair from its clip and reaching down to unbutton her sweater. As she released the top two buttons, Mark realized that she was wearing only a black lacy push-up bra underneath her sweater. Sarah might not be a supermodel-type like Tracy, but she had the most delicious milky tits Mark had ever seen. He wanted nothing more than to bury his face in them. His cock strained in the air between them. God, she was beautiful.

Sarah broke Mark's reverie by grabbing her tits in her hands and pushing them together as she leaned forward. "Do you want these?" she asked innocently. "Do you want to smash your face in them? Do you want to suck on them? Do you want to fuck these tits?" Usually Mark was the vocal one, but damn did he love it when she teased him like this.

Mark couldn't take it anymore. He pulled Sarah toward him and lifted her up onto the desk, kissing her vigorously and thoroughly exploring her open mouth with his tongue. "You're going to pay for all of that," he whispered, not quite able to muster his usual commanding force. Smiling down at his fiancee as she spread her legs, Mark grasped Sarah's panties and shoved them to the side. "I'm going to teach you a lesson, you little slut," he continued. As he pulled her panties aside, his hand was met with slick, hot moisture, and he couldn't help but slide his hand across her inviting folds. His cock jerked in desperation and he grabbed Sarah's ass as he finally plunged himself deep inside her wet pussy.

"Fuck, oh fuck," Mark whimpered as he pumped himself with deep thrusts inside Sarah. The smack of his thighs against the table were probably loud enough for Tracy to hear, and possibly even the rest of the office, but Mark was beyond caring. "God, I love you so much," he muttered into her hair, all pretense of domination or punishment forgotten. He wasn't going to last long. "Fuck, I'm gonna cum so hard, baby," Mark said as he approached his climax.

Sarah gave Mark a big grin as his thrusts became more insistent. Nodding along with his ramming, she started to coach him through his orgasm. "Are you gonna cum for me?" she asked breathlessly. "Are you gonna cum inside me right here on your desk? Right here where Tracy can hear us?" Mark's mouth went slack and his eyes rolled back at Sarah's encouragement, and he felt his balls begin to tighten. "Oh baby, cum for me. I want to feel you cum inside me," Sarah licked her lips as she felt Mark's cock swell in impending release.

"Ohhh, fuckkkkkkk, I love you," Mark nearly yelled as he spent himself inside Sarah. Ropes of thick cum spilled into her cunt as Mark continued to thrust within her. Finally, Mark collapsed on the desk on top of Sarah, pushing her onto her back while he was still inside her. Covered in his sweat, Sarah reached up contentedly to caress the back of Mark's neck as he came down from his orgasm.

Sarah let Mark rest for a little bit before she started to squirm beneath him. Mark noticed her discomfort, and smirked to himself. Now that he had finally been able to release the tension from the insane sexual yo-yo that had been today, he found himself sliding more easily back into their usual dynamic.

"Something bothering you?" he asked slyly.

Sarah squirmed a little more, biting her lip once again as she looked up with her usual adorable pout. "That wasn't much of a punishment," she said meekly.

"Oh?" Mark asked, feigning ignorance as he stood up. "You want to be punished, do you?" he asked with a knowing smile. Sarah nodded in agreement. "Or is it really that you want me to let you cum?" Mark said as he slid his hand back between Sarah's legs. Shoving his four fingers inside her still lubricated pussy, Mark began to rub Sarah's clit with his thumb. Sarah let out a whimper at the sudden sensation. "Is this what you want?" Mark asked in a deep voice.

Sarah began to tremble and her eyes started to flutter at being filled so abruptly. She could tell it wouldn't take much to bring her to climax, and she leaned back, readying herself for the waves of pleasure that would soon overtake her. Mark seemed to divine this as well.

"Ooh, this seems a little too easy," Mark said as he slowed the movement of his hand to a crawl. "After all, you were very, very naughty today. I don't think you've learned your lesson yet." Sarah gave another whimper, desperate for release.

As abruptly as he had inserted it, Mark removed his hand, which was now covered in their combined juices. "You need to clean up your mess," Mark said as he showed Sarah his hand.

Sarah compliantly slid off the desk and dropped to her knees in front of Mark. Looking up at him, she took his hand and began to lick it clean. She took each finger deep into her mouth, never breaking eye contact with Mark as she methodically removed every drop of cum from his hand. Sitting back onto her bent legs, Sarah waited for approval.

But Mark was not ready to let her up. "I said clean up your mess," Mark repeated, this time gesturing to his deflating cock, likewise coated in cum and lubrication. Excited by the command, Sarah eagerly shuffled forward and took Mark's cock into her mouth, sucking hard as she cleaned all of the residue off, finally letting it flop back out of her mouth with a pop. She worked her way around the base, being sure to lick up every drop of liquid from Mark's balls. Sarah held Mark's cock as she sucked each sack into her mouth, and noticed it start to get hard again. Smiling to herself, she continued her ministrations, licking and sucking on Mark's balls as she slowly worked her hand up and down his shaft, until he was again fully erect. Sarah could feel her own arousal swelling in response, hoping to be rewarded with Mark's thick, hard cock slamming inside her pussy.

Moving her mouth back toward his shaft, Sarah started sucking the head of Mark's cock with more vigor. She relaxed her throat to take him fully inside, but as soon as she started, Mark pushed her away, pulling himself out of her mouth.

"No, Sarah," Mark said sternly, his tone increasingly certain. "You need to go home and think about what you've done." At those words, Sarah felt a gush of liquid flow from her pussy. She let herself beg, "Please let me stay, please let me cum," she said, not even sure if she was hoping for a yes or a no in response at this point.

"No," Mark repeated. "Stand up," he commanded. Sarah obeyed, her knees weak and her clit throbbing with urgency.

"Go home and wait for me," Mark continued. "We're going to try out those new handcuffs today. Go home, have a snack, do what you need to do, and then get that hot little ass of yours into bed. Think about how much you want me inside you. Touch yourself. Bring yourself to the brink. And then stop." Sarah whimpered. The mere thought of touching herself when she was already so close to release was nearly enough to take her over the edge right there.

"When you can't handle it anymore, you're going to lock your hands to the bedpost behind your head. But don't forget to stick a pillow between your legs so you have something to grind against. I want you to be *aching* by the time I get home," Mark said firmly, grabbing Sarah by the waist and pressed his hard-on against her pelvis. Turning away from her, Mark stuffed his erection down one of his pant legs as he tucked his shirt and zipped up his pants again, attempting to make himself presentable.

"But what if you have to work late?" Sarah asked innocently.

"Oh, I'm definitely working late tonight," Mark said. "You have a lot of things to think about." His cock was starting to get throb again thinking about Sarah tied up, deprived, and waiting for him.

"Go home, Sarah. And while you're playing with yourself, think about how I might be fucking that hot blonde secretary that threw herself at me today. You *did* get me all worked up again, and we both know Tracy wouldn't say no. I might not be able to help myself." Sarah felt another gush, and her bottom lip started to tremble as she fought against the desire to beg Mark to let her stay. She buttoned up her sweater as she stumbled toward the door to leave, preparing herself to brave the main office once again.

"But Sarah," Mark said, coming up behind her and squeezing her tits as he breathed along the back of her neck. "Leave those with me," he said, lifting up her skirt to gesture toward her cum-soaked panties, his fingers brushing delicately across the fabric. She gingerly pulled down her underwear and stepped out of them, feeling warm semen start to run down her thigh. She handed them to her fiance, who spun her around and planted a firm kiss on her lips as he stuffed her panties into his pocket. His hand reached up under her skirt as he swiftly swiped his middle finger through her labia, coating it once more. He held up his hand to Sarah's mouth expectantly. "Looks like you missed a spot," he said in a low voice, as Sarah took his finger into her mouth, scraping her teeth across his knuckles as she teased his finger with her tongue.

Mark grabbed her one final time, opening the door behind her and using his body weight to turn her toward the door. As she turned to leave, Mark planted one final slap on her ass and whispered, "And Sarah?"

"Mmm?" she responded over her shoulder.

"Thanks for the treat. I can't wait to finish off that cream-filled pastry later tonight."
