---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/batgirlvsprofessor13.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Batgirl vs the Professor 13: Intruders'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- M/ff
- F/f
- bond
- latex
- mc
- toys
- reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl vs the Professor 12: The Results**](batgirlvsprofessor12.html))

**Part 13: Intruders**

Unable to control herself, another orgasm exposed over Batgirl, even as she heard the horrific news as to the fate of the Professor’s recent experiments.  She cried into the gag as the erotic sensations flooded her body.

When the orgasm subsided, the Professor continued.

“As for the kittens, they are now on their way to the port of Gotham where a ship will be taking them on a nice long journey to the Middle East.  I’m sure the crew will receive some special entertainment from their unique cargo as they make that long voyage.”

“A partner of mine has agreed to take them on and train them on the art of sexual pleasures for service in his harem.  From what I understand, it’s quite a profitable business for him.  He expects to later sell them for a hefty price.  It seems many Arab Sheikhs and Kings enjoy western women and will foolishly pay huge sums of money for them, even if they only use them once.  And I will easily make up on this transaction for any lost revenue that I will  no longer will receive from Catwoman.”

Batgirl heart sank, knowing it may be too late to do anything for the kittens.

“Perhaps I should have included Miss Goodbody as well.” He said to himself.  “She would catch a fair price too.  They always pay big for an American blond.  Maybe I can still get her down to the ship as well before it sails.  I must decide if I need to still keep her around or not.”

At that moment, Katrina released into a series of groans as a fresh orgasm rocked her body.  The thrusting of her hips, and the pleasures of the suit triggered another orgasm in Batgirl was well.

Batgirl felt guilty, feeling Annie’s fate may now be sealed, while she locked to another woman and having terrific but forced orgasms, unable to prevent anything.

“Well, best keep her for now I think.  But as for the late Catwoman, the auction will start after dark, at a secret location of course.” He said returning to his monolog.  “I’ve contacted many of my clients, most of whom are showing a high level of interest in making the purchase.  Seems many of them have lusted for Catwoman as much as they have for Batgirl.  Many have indicated that want payback for being double crossed by her over the years.  I estimate from their responses that the price will reach into the mid 70’s.  But who knows, with the unstable state of some of those individual minds, one of them might just be willing to make it a 6 figure purchase.”

Batgirl was repulsed by the attitude of the Professor, diminishing the lives of 5 women into nothing more than saleable merchandise for his own profit.

And how soon would it be before she was treated the same way?

Even as these words fell on her ears and the thoughts crossed her mind, another orgasm had built up within her constricted body.  The pleasure suit and dildos overwrote her thoughts and soon she was coming again only seconds after the helpless Katrina climaxed as well.  After it subsided, she wondered how long he would inflict these tortured pleases on them.

“But for now, we three will spend a very pleasant afternoon together.  I have such wonderful designs for us, and we shall experience them all.  My schedule is quite clear and….”

Just then an alarm went off.

“What in blazes could that be all about!” he said angrily.  He quickly stepped over to a wall and pressed on it.  Being able to look over Katrina’s shoulder, she could see a panel slid open, revealing several computer and TV monitors.  One large screen showed a basic layout of the building, with an area blinking red.  A second later, a new area went red as well.  With a small joy stick, he adjusted the view of a camera.  Batgirl though she heard muffled bangs, like small bombs going off somewhere deep in the building.

“So, we have uninvited guests.” He said with a grin.  “Who could this be….oh so it’s them.”

Something dark went by the screen then the screen flashed bright white and went to static.  Another muffled bang was heard too.

“Drat!  He saw the camera.” The Professor said.  “Delays, delays.”  Another camera went dead as well.  He switched to another view.

He turned to the two women, still suffering from the affects of their bondage and tormenting devices. “It seems that somehow the Dynamic Duo have found my secret facility and are entering it via separate routes.  Fools, my defenses will easily stop them.  They don’t stand a chance getting past…wait!  The perimeter defenses are not active!  I did not enable them when I left the loading dock this morning.”

Suddenly, a loud explosion was heard. The power went down and the lights went out, as did the electrical current to the pleasure suits.  Seconds later, lights came back on as did the monitors.  Apparently the Professor had a backup power system.  But since the slick suits were no longer stimulating the helpless women’s bodies, the power must be limited to only the most necessary of systems.

He ran out of the testing center, but came back a moment later.

“No power to the elevator, oh why in blazes didn’t I think of that!” he cried to himself.  More cameras went dark and more areas of the building were turning red at the progress of the two male crime fighters.  Another bang, this time closer, was heard.  Batgirl even felt a small vibration come through to her on the bed.

“I can’t get to the control center to work the manual systems.  They’re getting too close.  I must get out of here.  All my work, I can’t leave everything behind!  Must take the most critical, but what do I take?”

To Batgirl’s eye, it was apparent that Professor had become overconfident in his defenses and never planned an emergency escape route for this kind of situation.  Now in a raging panic, he didn’t know what to do.

So much for him being a super genus.

“Batgirl.  I must take Batgirl with me!  All else I can recreate.”  He quickly removed the straps from dildo holding Batgirl anchored to Katrina.  He pulled her off the clear red rod and released her hogtie straps.  While relieved from being extradited from the fake cock, she had one more small orgasm as the device pulled out of her.  Katrina groaned and climaxed too.

A new alarm sounded.  The Professor swung his head to see that Batman was now near the testing center, easily avoiding the few active traps and disabling the sensors the Professor held such confidence in.

“I must take her with me.” He muttered as he fumbled with the straps on her legs, constantly looking over at the monitors.  He was so shaken, he couldn’t release the buckles.  A new bomb blast was so close that dust stirred up around the room.

“No time for this now, I’ll get her again, someday.  I must get out of here.” He said as he bolted for the door.  Leaving Batgirl laying on the bed, he threw the door open and flew out of the room.  As he passed through the doorway, Batgirl watched as he suddenly dropped from sight, right through the floor.  He made a loud shriek of surprise that faded as he dropped through the trap door.

Suddenly, she heard another shriek, not of surprise like the last, but of pain, absolute pain and terror, mixed with what sounded like a large electrical arc, as if a massive charge of electricity was jumping across one terminal to another.  Even the lights flickered and dimmed.

Then, all was quiet.

A moment later, Batman appeared in the doorway.

Batgirl screamed around her gag and shook her head, warning him of danger.  But the Dark Knight was already probing the area, making sure no new surprises were between him and the captive ladies on the bed.  A moment later, he was by their side.

“Are you all right?” he asked as he pulled the ballgag from her mouth.

“Yes, I’m fine.” She replied.  “Just get us out of all this.”

Batman looked down at the other woman, still squirming in her fetters and moaning through her gag with the huge red dildo protruding from her pussy.  Even though he had seen much in his crime fighting career, it still must have been a very strange sight to see.

“Wait, it’s Catwoman!” he said, realizing who the trapped woman was.  “This is quite a surprise.  We come to rescue you and I find Catwoman as well.  What is she doing here?”  The sight of strap on dildo, and the two bound women did raise a large and interesting list of questions.

“It’s going to take some time to explain everything to you.  And it’s not a story with a happy ending.”

Something beeped.  Batman touched his ear.

“Yes Robin.  Good work.  Yes, I found her and more.  Stand by and…say that again.  You found what?  Understood.  Stand by, we’ll meet up with you there shortly.”

“Robin’s in the control center.”  Batman explained as he cut the straps from Batgirl’s legs.  “He’s shut down the remaining defenses and has taken control of all systems.  He also found a woman there, just sitting, not moving or responding.  Do you know who she is?”

“She’s Annie Goodbody, the missing contestant from the Miss Gotham City pageant.”

“Annie Goodbody!  Another unexpected find.  This is getting very complicated.  Do you know if she’s been here all this time?”

Batman was working on removing the armbinder.  Batgirl tried her best to not let it show how much all his touching of her through the pleasure suit was making her horny all over again.

“I’m afraid so, and it’s been a living nightmare for her.”  She said gasping.  Then a new thought raced into her mind.  “The kittens!  Batman, Catwoman’s kittens are on a ship at Gotham City port.  The Professor was shipping them to the Middle East as sex slaves!”

Batman touched his ear again.  “Robin, do you have computer access?  Good, search the computers.  Look for information about a ship sailing from Gotham City port to any location in the Mid-east today.  Report back when you have something.”

“I hope it’s not too late.” Batgirl said.  “The ship might have sailed already.”  Batgirl was now free.  Even though the situation was desperate, the suit was still playing games with her mind.  She even fleetingly considered grabbing Batman and giving him a good screwing.

Batman turned his attention to Catwoman.  “I take it something is very wrong with her.” He said as he worked to free her restrained body, starting with her gag.

“Yes, very much so.  Her mind had been erased.”  Batgirl quickly explained Mind Bender and what the Professor had done to the women.  Finally, the lust was fading away.

“The Professor, where is he?” Batgirl asked at last.

“Down there.” Batman said as he nodded towards the door.  “Fell through one of his own traps.  When the building integrity compromised, the system must have switched from capture mode to lethal.  When he hit the bottom, he was electrocuted.”

“Any chance…”

“None.”  Batman answered.  “It’s not pretty.”

Needing to know for herself, she used Batman’s light and peered down the shaft.  Yes, it’s wasn’t pretty, but she felt no remorse or pity for the warped inventor.  He was dead by way of his own invention.  It seems justice was properly served.

By now, Batman had freed Katrina from her bondage and the dildo, who came again when the fake cock was pulled from her.  When it was over, she looked at both of the heroes.

“What may I do to serve you?” she asked.  The crime fighters just looked at each other.

Batman touched his ear again.  “Good work Robin!  Get there as fast as you can on the BatCycle and stop it.  I’ll take care of things here.”

“You found my cycle?” Batgirl asked.

“It’s what brought us here.” He said.  “We used a built in homing system and GPS to locate where to begin to search for you.  The rest was easy.  The Professor had moved it into the building, but had not take the time or figured out how to deactivate the anti-theft systems.”

“How can Robin ride it if the anti-theft system is active?” Batgirl asked.

“We know the code to deactivate the system.” Batman explained.  “Safety precaution for just such a situation.”

“Then you were looking for me.  Why?”  Batgirl asked after a moment.  Though not happy Batman could gain access to her cycle, she still admired his foresight.

He looked at Katrina, then back at Batgirl.  “I’ll explain later.  Let’s get upstairs first.”

They returned to laboratory.  They found Annie sitting near the command desk and staring off into space.  She didn’t even notice her lab coat was open and exposing her ample bust line.

“Annie, it’s me, Batgirl.  It’s over.  The Professor is dead.  You’re free Annie, you’re free.”

“Batgirl.” She replied, coming out of the trance.  “Is he dead?”

“Yes, it’s true.  The Professor is dead. I’ve seen it for my self.  He fell into his own trap   It’s all over Annie.  You’re free of him forever.”

“I did it.” Annie said.  “I did it!”

“Did what?” Batman asked.  “Miss Goodbody, what did you do?”

“I killed him.”  She said with a smile while looking at Batgirl.  “I told you, last night. I told you he needed to die and I did it.”

“Please Annie, tell us exactly what you did?” Batgirl asked.

“When the alarms went off, I watched what the Professor was doing.  Before he went through the door, I switched the trap to lethal mode.  You see, I did it.  He had to die for me to be free of him.  I did it.”

Batman and Batgirl looked at each other.  This was a biggest surprise of all.

Batgirl took the two women to Annie’s bedroom, locking them inside but promising to return in a bit for them.  Batgirl found her own Batsuit and quickly changed into it, but her enhanced breast size made the costume fit extremely tight across her chest.  If she could, she’d take pleasure suit, and some of the other items, with her later.

Back in the laboratory, Batman was already searching the area and computers.

“We should get you to a hospital, along with the other women.”

“I’m alright.  But we need to talk first.” Batgirl said.

“You’re right, we do.  Tell me what happened here.” He said, turning to the glass chamber.  “And how this thing works.”

“I will in a minute, but you still have something to answer first.”  She said as she placed her hands on her hips.  “Why were you looking for me?”

“Were we’re contacted by Commissioner Gordon, reporting you were missing.”

“Why would Commissioner Gordon care about me?” Batgirl asked, her folded across her chest, acting like Batgirl of old.

Batman looked at the purple crime fighter and sighed.  “Because you’re his only daughter.”

Batgirl froze.  He knew too?

“His what?” she said as deadpan as she could.

“Barbara,” Batman began, “I’ve know for years.  I’m sorry to tell you that while others may not have known, it was very evident to me.  You’re wired in, connected in both city government and social circles.  Being close to you, I saw similarities in speech and body language, small and subtle as they are.  I know your powerful sense of right and wrong, and your desire for justice.  You’re so strong, both physically and mentally.  You’re a brilliant, talented, clever, resourceful, driven woman hiding behind the drab persona of a shy librarian.  And your eyes, the same beautiful eyes of two distinct yet interconnected personalities. Logically, Barbara Gordon is the only one who could be Batgirl.”

What could she say?  He was complimenting her ever as he was exposing her.

“But how do you know all these things about me?  When have we’ve been close enough for you to pick up on all these subtle references and make the connection?”

Batman said nothing for a moment.  Batgirl could see some kind of debate going on behind his eyes.  He made a small sigh and turned his back to her.  To Batgirl’s greatest surprise yet, when he turned again a few seconds later, his cowling was off, reveling himself to her.

The face of Bruce Wayne.

“I hope this answers your question.”

“Bruce!”  She cried as rushed into his arms, crying.  “I can’t believe it’s true, but I am so very happy it is.”

“Now we all know.  You are only one of a few select people who know all.”

“So my father knows about me too?”

“No.  You’re father doesn’t know.  He asked us to find Barbara Gordon, who’s been missing for days, not Batgirl.  Only Robin and I know who you really are.”

Robin?  Dick Grayson?  It had to be!

“There’s one other.” She said and she explained about Annie Goodbody.

“That’s a problem.”  Batman said.  “It will be hard to imagine she will never tell anyone.  Something may need to be done about it.”

“I understand.” Batgirl said.  “But what can I do about it?”

“We’ll discuss that later.  We have much to do yet.  Now tell me what happened here.”

Batgirl quickly described what had happened since Friday night, leaving out a few details on how she responded to the sexual exploits.  Batman asked only a few questions, figuring they would have time for more details later.  During the discussion, Robin contacted Batman to say he had intercepted the ship’s departure and forced the captain to hand over his unusual cargo.  Robin turned the captain over to the police, rescued the kittens and had them on their way to the hospital.

‘We should do the same for you and the other women.” Batman said when he retold Robin’s report.  Though she protested she was fine, she relented and agreed to his precautions.

“What about this place?” Batgirl asked.

“All of it needs to be destroyed.  It will put a severe cramp into the plans of the super-criminals for years to come.  First though, I want a thorough examination of everything.  Then we’ll take it apart before we burn the place to the ground.  No one will ever know what this place once housed.”

“And the Professor?”

“He’s not going anywhere.  The coroner can pick what’s left of him up another day.” Batman said coldly.  “Or the garbage man.”

“Can’t argue about that.”  Batgirl said.  “Leave him buried in his own death trap.”

“We need to develop a cover story about what happened here and keep Batgirl out of it.  While the Professor had a Batgirl obsession, we can’t tell the world that he snatched her off the streets.  Someone will eventually put the pieces together and blow your cover.  Instead, we say he kidnapped Barbara Gordon, hoping to make her another unwilling assistant in his evil plans.  You need to loose your costume and change into something else.”

“There not much in the way of plain old street clothing around here.” She replied.

“Doesn’t matter.  We’ll throw a blanket around you if needed.  Besides, it will help lend to Barbara’s kidnapping story if you wear something non-purple in nature.  I’ll make sure all the Batgirl references are removed from around here and anything Batgirl related destroyed.”

“We need to keep the press out of it too.” Batgirl explained.  “At this time, we give no news to the press other than the hospital reports.  In a few weeks, Miss Barbara Gordon will give an exclusive interview to only one newspaper, telling her story, citing the experience was to horrific to recount again, that she moving on with her life and asking for her privacy in this matter.”

“Good plan.” Batman smiled.

“But what about Annie?  She knows everything.  Over time or by sheer accident, she’s let it slip out.”

“I’ll take care of that.”  Batman said and detailed his plans.  While Batgirl was not happy with it, she knew it had to be done.



01.06.09

story continues in [**Batgirl vs the Professor 14: Return to Real Life**](batgirlvsprofessor14.html)

o0o
