---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/lydia_and_me11.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Lydia and Me 11
authors:
- Pleasewrap
tags:
- M/f
- F/m
- mum
- wrap
- cocoon
- bond
- straps
- gag
- bfold
- hammock
- rope
- susp
- tease
- toys
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2005-08-09 00:00:00
---

story continues from [part ten](lydia_and_me10.html)

**Lydia & Me 11 - Hanging Around**

“I’m hungry and I have to go to
the bathroom, honey.”

While those may not be the words
that you expect or even necessarily want to hear after bringing your wife
to a sexual climax, this particular wife had now been mummified and strapped
to our bed for almost four hours. I laughed as I wiped the gag off
on a towel we had handy close to the bed and started to loosen the nylon
strap that pinned her shoulders to the bed.

“I love you too dear. And
my day was fine, thanks,” I said as the straps started to come off.

Still blindfolded, she stuck her
tongue out at where she thought I was, which was only slightly off.
“I’m glad, I love you, and if I don’t get to the bathroom pretty soon we’ll
have to change the sheets. Oh, and I could use some more water.”

“Pretty uppity talk for a mummy.
Maybe it’s worth letting you wet the bed. I could even make fun of
you for doing it. Besides, it’d mostly stay with you.”

I’d finished removing the last strap
and headed for the scissors. I had brought Lydia to her climax slowly,
turning the bullet inside her on and off and using its many programs to
tease, frustrate, and excite. I’d finally gone and gotten a second
bullet (one without the fancy programs) that we’d bought on a weekend trip
when we discovered we’d forgotten the one we had from the toy chest.
I continued toying with her nipples and added the second bullet to the
mix, moving it about to stimulate her clitoris.

She’d finally made the rapid moaning
noises that indicated she’d finally reached her peak and stopped struggling.
Her breath went from short and ragged to long and deep. Despite my
raging erection, I’d left her bound, wanting to toy with the present her
friend had left for me for a while. There would be time for more
later, and I was enjoying the situation too much as it was.

I cut her free from her legs to
her hands, but stopped there and started cutting around her body so that
I could leave her upper body trapped in the plastic wrap. “We’re
going to play that way, are we?” she said as I did so.

I paused in my efforts, having gone
as far as the bed would allow to her left anyway, and kissed her.
“My present, my rules,” I said as I stood up and returned to finish the
job to her right. Then I cut her head free of the wrap trapping the
blindfold on and pulled that off too. Her deep brown eyes glittered
in a way that mirrored the smile on her face.

“Oh, what a horrible fate for me,”
she said as she stood up so I could cut the “tail” of plastic wrap that
hung behind her, then promptly headed for the bathroom. I paused
to clean up the plastic wrap that littered the bed and the floor nearby
and then followed, since I figured she’d need some help.

That taken care of, I lead her out
towards the dining area, grabbing a half roll of clear wrap from the toy
cupboard as we passed. I stopped her close to a chair and covered
her hands loosely since I wanted her to sit down and didn’t want the stiffness
of the wrap to make bending difficult by making it too tight. Then
I sat her down and wrapped her to the back of the chair to hold her in
place.

Once I was comfortable that she
was secure, I retrieved the water from the bedroom and let her drink to
her content, which was nearly two full glasses.

“You’re going to have to go again
pretty quickly drinking like that,” I said as I headed for the kitchen
to see what we had for leftovers. It was getting on towards 7:00
now, and I didn’t feel like working up a dinner from scratch.

“Well, then you’ll have to worry
about that when it happens, won’t you,” Lydia replied as she tested her
bonds. I looked over and watched, wanting to make sure that she wasn’t
getting free. I smiled to myself at the minimal effect her struggles
had other than producing that alluring crinkling noise that plastic wrap
does when applied just right. I went back to the refrigerator.

“You want the chicken or the steak?
I’ll give you at least that much choice.”

“Oh, such a magnanimous master.
The chicken, if you don’t mind. There should be some of the angel
hair with pesto in there too. You get much done at work?”

I grinned at the change in subject
and we began chatting about the projects we had going on as I heated dinner
in the microwave and shuffled plates and silverware around. We currently
had three going, one of which she was leading, two of which were right
on schedule and the last which was running into roadblock after roadblock
with the customer’s staff. We weren’t particularly at risk, but it
was a situation we needed to resolve. If the deal went south and
we didn’t get paid, there were three independents we had hired that I’d
still owe money to.

Dinner passed relatively quickly.
I’d gotten myself a bit “mastered out,” if you take my meaning, with the
play in the bedroom. And while Lydia can enjoy a bit of longer term
bondage, it doesn’t have the same effect for her as it does for me.
So the change of pace was welcome, even if she was still wrapped to a chair,
still struggling occasionally, and I was feeding her.

As we finished dinner, my bladder
started to warn me that it was time for me to visit the facilities, which
I hadn’t done for a while myself. Work, driving, and playing with
my wife had distracted me from lesser needs, but it finally caught up with
me. I wiped Lydia’s face with a napkin and stood up.

“Time for me to go. Don’t
go anywhere.”

She frowned and pulled against the
wrap, which I responded to by pinching a nipple, and then I headed for
the head. It took me a while to finish my business, and I spent the
time trying to decide what to do next. We hadn’t actually made love
yet, so I had that to look forward to, but I was contemplating how I might
handle my bound wife. Bondage of just about any form can be fun,
mind you, but it never hurts to try new things or vary the positions at
least a little to prevent it from getting stale. I was drawing something
of a blank at this moment, though. So the issue was still in the
front of my mind as I finished up, washed my hands, and opened the door.

Only to find a very naked, slightly
sweaty Lydia standing there with a huge grin on her face and plastic wrap
in her hands.

“Weren’t the rules that when the
slave escapes, the roles reverse?” she said, wagging a half roll of wrap
at me.

I laughed and moved towards her.
When we’d first started our games, that had been exactly what the rule
had been, and we’d played that game for a long while afterward. We
didn’t do so much these days, but we’d also gotten good enough that it
almost never happened. Throw in the high quality purchases we’d made
in the form of restraints, and that was completely understandable.

She allowed me to wrap my arms around
her and kiss her rather than immediately playing the dominant role.

“How’d you manage that,” I asked
as we finished.

“The arm of the chair left one hand
a bit loose and I worked on that while you puttered around in the kitchen.
And then you left the steak knife within reach. Silly boy.”

She kissed me again, then whispered
into my ear, “I’m yours to command if you want me.”

Those words alone were enough to
send a bit of a thrill to my nether regions, particularly when uttered
by my naked, beautiful wife. I broke our embrace and stepped back,
contemplating. I could go either way right now, and the work week
had actually been busy enough that we hadn’t had many opportunities for
playing. It’d been almost a week, in fact, since either of us had
been tied up. I finally reached into my pocket and pulled out a quarter.

“Heads I’m yours, tails you’re mine.”

Lydia grinned as the coin flew into
the air. It hit the ground and spun a bit before landing. An
eagle stared up at me and I promptly started to strip, walking towards
the bedroom. Lydia stopped me, and directed me to the living room
without saying a word.

“I was going to save this for your
birthday, but since you already got one present why not now?” she
said as we headed towards the couch.

I shed clothing as we walked, leaving
a bit of a trail behind me. Work is casual unless we’re at a client
site and they demand otherwise, so it wasn’t like anything needed hanging
up anyway. I stood in front of the couch when naked, and waited for
Lydia to come back from the toy cupboard and bedroom where she’d gone to
collect materials. She tested the batteries in the remote controlled
vibrator for my penis as she came back (still alluringly naked, mind you),
dropped her supplies on the couch and started with that as she went to
work.

We’ve one of those sectional sofas,
which I fell in love with in the store when I decided new furniture was
in order. That was before Lydia had come back, so it was starting
to show its age, but we love it and before it gets replaced it will get
reupholstered. It’s particularly deep, about as wide as a twin bed,
and is great for either sitting or lying down. The fact that Lydia
spread a towel behind me made it obvious where I was going to end up.
Then the wrapping began.

I decided that I wouldn’t be my
usual wise guy slave this time. While it can be fun, change of pace…
well, we already covered that. Instead, I stood quietly as the wrapping
began, allowing the act to elicit reactions and responses. I groaned
as she touched different parts of my body, moaned as she caressed me, and
shivered when the vibrator went on and off. She worked quickly but
efficiently, grinning as I squirmed and writhed at her touches, smiling
seductively as I groaned and moaned. She covered the clear wrap with
some blue saran wrap, perhaps sticking with the theme Jane had started,
then stood when she finished.

“Behaving now isn’t likely to do
you much good, you know,” she said.

I smiled and tried to look contrite.
“My mistress is too good to me. I deserve to be punished for what
I’ve done.”

“You should. Taking advantage
of me like that. And allowing Jane to tie me up and leave me without
any stimulation whatsoever.” Her hand drifted to my member as she
spoke, stroking it as she walked around me. I moaned quietly and
struggled for her.

“I think I’ll make you service me
properly before I finish you off.”

She pushed me gently back onto the
sofa, guiding my controlled fall so that my head didn’t hit the back.
Then she swung my legs over onto the couch as well. Then she straddled
me and leaned over so that her breast hung over my mouth.

“This will do as a gag for the moment,
don’t you think?” she said as she lowered it to my lips.

For what I guess was ten to fifteen
minutes, I pleasured my wife’s nipples. She would occasionally brush
her mound against my erection for both our benefit, but she would more
often than not reach between her legs with one hand to stimulate herself
while I nibbled on a nipple gently. When one arm grew tired, she’d
pause that activity for a bit, then switch to the other hand.

Finally, she decided that she was
ready and pulled upright a bit more so she could mount me. I groaned
in reply, and said, “Oh, yes please Mistress.”

She smiled at me as she began pumping
slowly up and down. “This isn’t for you, slave. This is for
me. I should forbid you to take pleasure from it.”

We continued to the natural conclusion,
which naturally meant that I failed to obey orders. I took great
pleasure from the experience, particularly since I’d delayed my gratification
earlier. As we came down from the climax and the motion slowed, Lydia
leaned close to me.

“Tsk, tsk. That wasn’t very
smart. I guess we’ll just have to punish you more.”

She got off me and cleaned herself
up with the edge of the towel, then used it to clean me off as well.
Then she grabbed the blindfold that she’d left on the couch and secured
it.

“I’ve some preparations to make,”
she said as she secured it firmly in place, “so I’m leaving you ungagged.
Don’t make me regret that by speaking in the slightest. Do you understand?”

I played along immediately, nodding
rather than speaking. I heard her bare feet pad away from me on the
hardwood floor, then the door to the garage open and close. I took
advantage of being alone to test my bonds, and found them to be as well
applied as they ever were. Still, struggling can be fun and will
usually speed my recovery for another round, so I continued even though
I knew I wouldn’t be getting out.

Lydia seemed to be gone for a long
time, though that probably just meant a few minutes since I couldn’t see
or move. When I heard the door again, I jumped a bit since I’d kind
of sunk into my own world. I heard her feet again, then motion next
to me. It sounded like something was being arranged on the couch,
a bit like fabric on fabric, and now I was getting curious.

After a few moments of activity,
I felt Lydia’s hands reach under my left side, which faced away from the
back of the couch. They were at my shoulder and butt, and she started
lifting as she said, “Roll over on your side.”

I was completely confused, but complied
without a word. The temptation to ask was incredible, but I reminded
myself I was being a good slave tonight and kept quiet. I nearly
had to bite my tongue to do so.

Once I was on my side I could hear
more activity and felt something brushing against my right side where it
touched the couch. It felt like fabric, since it was soft and conformed
to my body, but I’d no way of knowing what it really was. It reached
up a few inches on my body, so whatever it was wasn’t a sheet or a strip.
Lydia quickly had it in contact from my heels to my head, and after taking
a few seconds to make adjustments, she rolled me back onto my back.

I rolled over the bump that was
next to me and found that whatever she’d put there wasn’t a uniform thickness.
Then I figured something out – she’d rolled it up to get it on the other
side of me. Whatever this was would be going around me. But
with the plastic wrap and the soft cushions of the couch, the feeling wasn’t
enough for me to figure it out.

I felt her unroll the bit on my
right side, occasionally lifting me a bit so that she could get it out
from under me. Then the contact ceased and I heard activity moving
towards my feet. I felt something drape across my feet, then get
pulled tight around them. Whatever I was laying on now encircled
my feet completely and apparently extended some distance beyond them.

I struggled a bit in anticipation,
and heard her chuckle in reply. “You’ll figure it out soon enough.
You always do,” she said. She was probably right, but for the life
of me I couldn’t understand it right now. I felt whatever it was
pull snugly around me, then relax slightly. Then that feeling was
repeatedly slowly, moving up my body. The resulting grip was relatively
tight, but not painful or even particularly snug.

As she reached my penis, she finally
hit a point where she couldn’t avoid skin. I felt something like
a net pass over my shaft, with strands passing on either side. I
started to say “What the hell?” out loud, but then I both remembered being
good and figured it out at the same time.

When we had gotten married, we’d
asked our friends and family not to give us gifts since we really didn’t
need all that much. But some hadn’t listened and we’d received china,
glasses, and a variety of other items. One of those was a hammock,
a present from a friend who’d looked at the wooden patio cover the house
has and commented that it would be the perfect spot for one when he’d visited
previously. So he’d gotten one for us.

I’d put it up since it seemed like
a great idea and a good place to cuddle. But the first time we’d
actually used it, we discovered that the patio cover had rotted over time
and ended up crashing to the ground in a heap. Fortunately, it was
the end with the feet that collapsed and outside of a bruise on my thigh
where Lydia’s knee had dug into me, there wasn’t any damage. We’d
even managed to laugh about it before sticking the hammock in the garage
and forgetting about it. The cover had been replaced a few months
back, but the hammock hadn’t come out of storage.

Apparently, Lydia had remembered
it and thought of an alternate use for it. I could feel her thread
rope between the two pieces of the hammock that encircled me, particularly
since she made a circle around my penis. I figured she was going
to use that somehow to keep the netting of the hammock from compressing
painfully around my member. Then she continued up my body until she
reached my head and went over it. The bit over my mouth seemed a
bit looser than the rest, but I figured she had a plan for that.

The activity around me stopped and
I heard feet on the floor again. They seemed to be heading towards
the bedroom, and rapidly faded. A few minutes passed, then they returned.
Something dropped below my feet on the couch, then the feet moved away
from me again. I heard the sound of furniture scraping along the
floor, and wondered what could be going on. Then that sound stopped
and was repeated.

When that sound had stopped as well,
I felt Lydia’s arms around my feet. She lifted them and turned me
and the sliding sounds were explained. My butt and feet rested on
a footstool, one for each. She’d slid them in a line extending from
the couch. She scooted me around and adjusted me until only my shoulders
rested on the sofa, with slight gaps under me where the furniture didn’t
touch.

I felt the netting over my head
move a bit, then Lydia standing on the sofa. She was there for a
minute, then got down. Then the part of the hammock dangling over
the end of my feet lifted and held there. I had a feeling I knew
where this was going, but it wasn’t until I felt the strap slide under
my butt that I confirmed it. I smiled and said, “You are evil, you
know that?”

The activity at my butt continued
a moment, then halted. I heard/felt her return to my head, and there
was a bit of a laugh in her voice as she said, “Ahhhh, you shouldn’t have
broken the rules. Now I’ll have to be sure.” The looseness
around my face now made more sense as she manipulated the netting to insert
the breather gag and inflate it. I groaned and struggled, but couldn’t
do anything to stop her. She inflated it a bit more than usual, not
uncomfortably so, but with the net she didn’t have any other way to keep
me from spitting it out.

I felt more work on straps and felt
them go under my shoulders, knees, the small of my back, and just below
my butt a rope slide under my butt in line with my penis. This was
tied to either side of the rope circle around my penis and tightened considerably.
Now that couldn’t compress beyond the diameter she allowed it and my manhood
wouldn’t be snipped off by the netting under load.

I felt the cargo straps being tightened,
obviously attaching to the eye-bolts in the ceiling. She took her
time adjusting the tension until she seemed happy with it, then I felt
the footstool under my butt get pushed away, followed by the one under
my feet. They sagged towards the floor a bit, but held when the straps
caught. Then a slight push at my shoulders freed me from the couch
and the straps all engaged. I wasn’t quite level, dipping a bit at
the head, but I was suspended about a foot off the floor of our living
room, held up by the hammock and the straps.

Lydia moved about adjusting the
cargo straps and humming to herself. I moaned into my gag and struggled
a bit, which she ignored. The tension on the straps was adjusted
until the hammock bore most of the weight and compressed neatly around
me with the straps under my body only serving to prevent me from bending
painfully from the suspension.

I finally heard her come close to
my head and felt her hand reach for my penis. The vibrator suddenly
sprung to life and I thrashed about, swaying from the activity but unable
to gain any leverage whatsoever. While that’s hard enough when you’ve
been properly mummified, the hammock’s additional compression and immediate
motion from being suspended made it even more impossible. After a
moment, the vibrator went off and I heard my wife.

“I recall being bound in this room
and made to watch ‘Master and Commander.’ Well, it just so happens
that ‘Fried Green Tomatoes’ was on and I’ve never seen that. You’ll
just have to behave while I watch it.”

I heard the TV go on and struggled
and moaned. When I felt Lydia’s touch on my penis again, she said,
“Noise and activity won’t earn you any points. It might even extend
your stay like that.”

Behind the gag, I smiled, then groaned
and struggled as best I could.
