---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Carnevil Origins
authors:
- RogueFX
tags:
- F/mf
- Machine/f
- horror
- transform
- statue
- web
- strip
- machine
- buttplug
- toys
- M2f
- F2doll
- doll
- kidnap
- nc
- XX
date: 2023-10-30 00:00:00
---

#### **Chapter 1**

Professor Grobyc and Lady Vix watched the roof collapse into the remains of his evil headquarters in a gush of flames that reached up and ignited the Fabulous Five’s steam dirigible into a massive ball of fire.

"Yet another base gone," Grobyc mused, "Still, at least we finally got rid of those insufferable do-gooders."

He looked down at his badly dented brass chest, "This is going to take some serious work".

Lady Vix turned to look at him.

"What we need is something more mobile, somewhere we can work and no-one will suspect, and I have the perfect thing".

An evil smile spread across her lips, "Let's start a carnevil…"

#### **Chapter 2 Halloween**

In the fading light the pair walked through their new lair. "Everything's ready for tonight's opening," Lady Vix stood outside her own personal tents emblazoned with the words CREATIONS OF VIX, the brass lettering glimmering in the flames of the pumpkins hanging above them, each carved with hideous faces.

The crowd followed the trail through the mist shrouded woods, drawn by the offer of the _**Ultimate Halloween Experience*** and the glowing pumpkins swaying gently from the trees._

_The carnevil tents nestled in a glade, the tents glowing eerily in the darkness. A ferris wheel spun slowly in the background, flaming skulls hanging from the sides, while carriages trundled along a rickety wooden roller coaster._

_Booths offering games of skill or chance formed the main avenue enticing the visitors to spend their hard earned cash while others sold hotdogs and candyfloss, all decorated with cobwebs, skulls, bats and pumpkins._

_Ayesha bounced through the crowded avenue, a sticky orange and green striped candy-floss in one hand, the other towing her best friend Kaz behind her. Leo and Max followed in her wake._

_"Waz next," she shouted to the others over the thumping music, the screams and laughter of the Carnevil._

_"Check it," Kaz shouted pointing to a sign just ahead. Beneath stood the barker in a top hat and tails. His face expertly made up as a skull._

_His voice boomed out, "Enter the ESCAPE ROOM, survive the horrors within and get out within 1 hour and you get 100 dollars." A sharp scream from the tent behind him interrupted his spiel. "Are you smart enough, are you braaave enough to defeat the ESCAPE ROOM?"_

_"100 dollars…We can win that," shrieked Kaz as she grabbed Ayesha, "100 Dollars."_

_"Okay, let's do it," Ayesha grabbed Leo and Max by the hand, pulling them towards the booth._

_Inside, they face an imposing dark wood door, a large devil face carved into its heavily grained surface. It swung open with an ominous creak that set the girls giggling nervously. A sultry female voice came from within, "Welcome, step inside and take your chance, you have one hour to solve the puzzles and escape," it paused dramatically, "If you fail, you lose the prize and seal your fate."_

_They stepped through the doorway… it closed and with a grinding clang a metal bar locked it into place._

_####_*Chapter 3**

On one wall a brass clock started the countdown, the electric tubes glowed red as the numbers ticked down the seconds.

The walls were all metal, covered in wheels and cogs except for one door in front of them. Etched into the door was the first task. 'To move forward, find the key, the moving teeth may show the way.'

"It's got to be something to do with all the cogs," Leo ran his hand over one of them, "They all have arrows on them and there are symbols on the wall around them."

Grabbing one of the cogs he tried to turn it but it stayed stubbornly still.

He tried one of the wheels and some of the cogs started moving. He tried another and more cogs moved."

Maybe we need to get all the cogs to point at the same symbol," Max added.

Kaz ran her fingers over the symbols around the cogs, "Ok, we got four symbols, a rock, a doll, a coin and this one looks like a face, so which one do we want."

Laughing Ayesha said, "we know which one you'd like."

"Lets try the coin," Max turned the first wheel, watching the cogs move slowly round until they pointed to the coin. Moving to the next wheel he moved the next set of cogs till they lined up with the coin but some of the first cogs moved as well.

"Shit," he exclaimed, "try another wheel."

Leo went to the other wall and turned another.

Another set of cogs moved, some of the original ones moved as well.

Kaz grabbed the fourth wheel and started spinning it. "Let me know if they line up."

There was a loud clack and the door opened revealing a closet sized space.

Max stepped inside, "It's empty." The door slammed shut…

"Shit, it must be one at a time," Kaz said, banging on the door, "Hang on, we'll follow you."

There was muffled banging on the door and a faint voice.

They quickly reset the cogs to the coin symbol but nothing happened.

"Lets try another symbol," Leo grabbed a wheel…

Max felt around in the dark, there was a click above him and a fine mist began to rain down. Where it touched his skin it prickled like static electricity. The fabric of his clothes began to break apart, falling as dust around him.

The static feeling increased.

He tried to brush the mist from his skin but the merest touch of his sensitised skin sent a shot of arousal through him.

A glow began to form, shrouding him, coming from his skin. His movements slowed, becoming more difficult as the glow increased. His cock grew erect from the constant arousal of the mist, throbbing, almost painfully hard. His brain fizzing, trapped, agonisingly, on the very edge of his climax.

He tried to call out, make any sound but not even a whimper passed his rapidly hardening lips. The metallic glow became blindingly bright then faded slowly.

A door behind him opened revealing Lady Vix with a trolley.

She manoeuvred the trolley around Max, lifting him out of the chamber. She admired her latest bronze statue, running her hands over the finest details, grasping his very, very hard cock, “My, you are you pleased to see me,” she joked. Arousal blasted through his body at her touch, Max felt everything, trapped in this new form.

Lady Vix began to roll him down the corridor, one hand stroking his tight bronze ass. "You're a fine addition to my creations."

#### **Chapter 4**

Leo worked the wheels until all the cogs lined up on the rock symbol, the door opened again.

"He's not here," Kaz said.

"Kinda obvs Kaz, we can all see that," Ayesha looked at the back wall, "He must have gone through another door."

"Ok, who goes this time?" Leo looked at the girls.

"I'll go." Kaz stepped through the door. "see you on the other side."

The door clanged shut.

She waited in the dark. A sliver of light appeared to her left as another door silently slid open. The dim red light revealed a narrow corridor filled with cobwebs.

"Gross," She brushed away the cobwebs blocking the entrance, "Ok, let's find Max and win the cash."

She brushed the cobwebs from the doorway, it stuck to her skin even as she tried to rub it off on her skirt. Forcing her way along the corridor the webs slowly enveloped her, sticking in her blonde hair, covering her from head to foot with its glutinous mass.

She tried to pull the gooey mess from her, it tore away tearing her top and bra away from her as the fabric disintegrated like wet paper. Panicking Kaz grabbed handfuls of the web trying to get it off her skin before it did anything else. Her skirt and panties shredded, her tights suffered the same fate. By the time she stumbled to the end of the corridor she was left in nothing but her high heels.

As she entered the next room the last of the web seemed to break up and drift like dust away from her naked body.

“Damn, this isn’t worth 100 dollars,” Checking her bare skin for any other effects from the web, “How am I gonna get home like this.”

With a woosh a door dropped sealing off the corridor, leaving her in this dark room. Red light slowly brightened revealing the room she was in. There were a dozen statues in the room, female and male and all very naked. Some were standing or sitting in classic poses but others were much more sexual. She approached the first, a male posed similarly to the statue of David but there were two differences. He was pale green, carved out of aventurine with a subtle semi gloss finish and the other very distinctive and very large difference was the fully aroused cock jutting towards her.

She reached out gingerly to feel the solid mass. The ridges and veins were so detailed and so smooth. Polished just like the rest of the well toned body.

The next was a woman, she sat with one hand on her thigh, her left crossed beneath her fulsome left breast before wrapping around her right breast, cupping it tenderly. She was carved from the deepest black obsidian, its gloss surface seeming to absorb the light that touched it.

She moved through the other exhibits each carved from a different stone, granite, marble and more.

In the centre of the room was a platform. She felt drawn to it, the pull was magnetic, she felt helpless as it lured her onto it. She stood at the centre when a rush of arousal coursed through her, crashing through her in an intense wave. Her legs giving way she dropped to the platform with a surprised groan. Electricity pulsed through her throbbing body, her moans increasing. Her legs drew apart, her knees rising. Trembling fingers touched her slick wet sex as her excitement built towards an impossible climax. Muscles strained, contorted, her ass slowly rose up as her fingers sped up.

Her breaths came in short gasps, as she grew closer. The platform began to glow as white mist poured out from its surface. One hand between her legs, the other thrown above her head. Kaz felt her back arch, her body trembling with the sexual tension then as the mist covered her and the light turned intensely red the tension released explosively as she cried out. A cry of ecstasy that suddenly cut short.

The mist cleared, unveiling an exquisite statue of a young woman caught in the very moment of orgasmic climax. Each curve, each detail perfectly captured in rose quartz that sparkled under the lights. Kaz trapped within her transformed body drifted in the never ending ecstasy. Her beauty was perfectly captured forever.

#### **Chapter 5**

Once Kaz had gone through the door Ayesha and Leo argued, “Look, I’ll go next,” Leo started to move the wheels again.

“Why you, why should I end up alone in here?” Ayesha countered.

“You scared?” Leo laughed, “It’s not like there’s any real danger here.”

“Fuck you, I ain’t scared of anything.”

“Then I go next,” he said as the last symbol clicked into place and the door opened. With a laugh he jumped past Ayesha, “The doll’s your symbol,” he shouted as the door slammed shut.

“Tosser,” quietly drifted through the door as it clicked into place.

The door behind him opened and he stepped into the corridor that was revealed. Flickering torches light the way, held in brackets along the wall. The corridor ended in a solid wall

“So what do I have to do here?” Leo said to himself.

He went to the first bracket and gave it a pull but it didn’t move, he tried twisting it but still nothing happened, the next three produced the same result but when he twisted the fourth the flickering torches guttered out leaving him in darkness. Stumbling forward, he plunged down a chute. This can’t be here he thought as he seemed to fall deeper and deeper. He felt himself slow, inexplicably, just as he shot out of the chute and into a glass tube.

Lights came on illuminating the chamber beyond. Mannequins stood around it, some sat on the benches along the far wall. There were black, white, brown mannequins of different designs but there was also one golden mannequin. It moved, slowly at first but he could see it was definitely moving. It came towards the chamber that held him. Twisting around he watched as it reached out to press a large button on a console beside him. Foul smelling liquid sprayed in the chamber with him, where it touched his clothes they dissolved, flowing away with the liquid through a drain in the bottom of it. Another liquid began to cover him, he looked down to his hair coming loose and floating down the drain.

“Let me out of here, let me the fuck out or else,” he shouted banging his fists again the glass.

Impervious to his threats and pleas, the mannequin reached for the next button.

Purple vapour hissed into the chamber obscuring his view of the room. He tried to hold his breath but it was futile.

With a gasp he inhaled deeply Lust rushed through his brain, unfocused, primal, his cock leapt to attention. He groaned, grasping it. It pulsated, growing harder and thicker and longer than it had ever been. He barely grasped that thought when he felt his tingling nipples start to grow. He reached up with his free hand, his nipples weren’t growing, they were being pushed forward by his new breasts. They continued to grow along with his arousal. His skin felt strange, slippy, smooth and his new breasts felt harder. He couldn’t move, trapped within his own body. As the gas dissipated he could see a reflection in the glass. A beautiful light brown mannequin stared back at him as it held onto its breast and a large erection. “No, it can’t be me.”

The glass lifted and the golden mannequin lifted him easily and carried him over to one of the benches. It placed him on his back before lifting a laser. It worked on him, creating joints that would allow him to be posed.

He looked on in horror as it took hold of his cock and with one swift twist, detached it from his body. It clicked open a chamber between the balls and inserted two D-size batteries before clicking it closed. His cock hummed to life in the hand of the golden mannequin. Satisfied that it was working it switched it off and dropped it into a box marked Lady Vix’s ultimate pleasure toys.

Picking him up again it carried him over to a display stand and lowered him onto the display rod. The feeling of helpless inevitability he’d felt on seeing the thick chrome rod exploded into ecstasy as it entered his transformed ass.

The golden mannequin left him facing a mirror as it moved back to its own pedestal to await new orders.

#### **Chapter 6**

Ayesha moved from wheel to wheel, frustrated that every time she had them almost lined up with the doll there was one that didn’t match. “Come on, come on, I don’t want to miss out on all the fun,” Angrily she hit the wheel.

With a clank the last cog moved into place.

She jumped toward the door but nothing moved. “What now?” Exasperated, she pushed against the door.

‘Click.’ The sound came from her side, the cogs there began to move as a much smaller door creaked open between them. Ayesha looked through the opening into the small tunnel it had revealed.

She climbed into it and began to crawl through. With a creaking sound the door closed behind her. A blue glow came from all around as she crawled further. Reaching the end she found her way blocked by a clear panel. She banged against it, not noticing a second panel sealing off the tunnel behind her. Vapour hissed in, glittering in the blue light. Ayesha suddenly felt weak, unable to move, not even a finger.

The section of the tunnel she was in detached from the rest, swinging out into the dark interior of the room before her. The top of the tunnel lifted off as actinic blue lights flickered on in the room.

A metallic device with many legs moved over the top of her. Ayesha looked at the thing above, it resembled a mechanical spider. Its legs reached down and enfolded her, lifting her up and taking her to another machine.

She felt helpless but also a little aroused. She’d had more than one machine fantasy.

The first machine turned her round and lowered her until the second could take over. Arms locking around her ankles and thighs, more grasped her wrists and elbows.

Her body settled onto a pad while her head slipped into a head rest.

The first machine sprouted a sharp whirring blade and as other arms tugged her clothes away from her skin it sliced through them, stripping her naked and exposing her golden brown skin.

As the first machine retracted into the roof Ayesha saw a new machine rise up between her well spread thighs. She gasped as she gazed upon the two large dildos that moved towards her.

Lube sprayed over her exposed sex, running down over her ass. Her body added to it as her mind went into overdrive at what was about to happen. The first dildo probed her slowly pushing deeper as it filled her, stretching her. Its powerful vibrations throbbed through her as she moaned in pleasure.

The second now pressed against her ass. She wasn’t an anal virgin but this was much thicker than her boyfriends. She opened her mouth to scream as the first orgasm exploded through her just to be cut short as a third dildo filled her mouth. More arms moved in to fit lenses over her eyes.

The sensations ebbed but only a little before climbing inexorably. A spray began to cover her body, her skin tingling where it touched. She could feel something being pumped through each of the dildos deep into her.

The first machine returned carrying a mirror. She could see herself, see the changes taking place even as the next orgasm ripped through her.

The only hair she had left was on her head. Her body was still golden brown but now it looked so smooth, like the finest silicone rubber. Her B size breasts were rapidly expanding to a DD size and her incredibly sensitive nipples swelled up. They were turning her into a silicone love doll. She orgasmed again at the thought.

The dildos retracted leaving her holes open and ready. Her round mouth was surrounded by much thicker lips than before. She could still see and feel but she would never move on her own again. She looked at the fully featured high end silicone love doll that she had become.

Lady Vix stepped up to her, running her long nails up Ayesha’s transformed thigh, tweaking her swollen rubber nub. If Ayesha could have made a sound it would have been an ear spitting shriek as she came. Invisible etheric lines picked up her sexual energy and fed it into the Carnevil’s dark heart.

Lady Vix moved her fingers higher, grasping a breast, “You and your friends will help power the Carnevil, at least until next year,” With her free hand Lady Vix flicked a switch, the dildos slid back into Ayesha's hungry holes, “but don’t worry, you’ll have a lot of pleasure.” Lady Vix lowered her mouth to suck upon a hard rubber nipple as Ayesha's mind melted under the intensity of the pleasure.

Outside, the carnevil goers carried on oblivious, the Escape Room opened for its next challengers, and all around the other rides and shows quietly collected more victims.

By the time anyone realised that they were missing and returned to the Carnevil would be gone leaving not a trace behind…
