---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/the_cargo4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Cargo 4
authors:
- Sabina
tags:
- F/f
- machine/f
- M/f
- latex
- bond
- furry
- sci-fi
- cons/nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Cargo 3**](the_cargo3.html))_

_Cast_

_Sabina – Ship’s captain.
Celes – Ship’s engineer/2nd mate, technical wiz.
Leece – Genetic engineer on the move with a strange habit of cloning herself. Carrying a dangerous secret.
Amanita – Ship’s AI, under going some strange changes.
The Muckabout – Mostly automated freighter captained by Sabina.
Frostbite – Genetically engineered war machine, with a few small alterations and one, nasty quirk._

_back to [part three](the_cargo3.html)

**The Cargo - Part Four**

Seven tore off the last bit of tape needed to complete the glistening package pressed against the cargo support brace. One, Two and Five had each been mummified to the support braces by endless windings of gleaming, sleek black latex tape. Every inch of them had been painstakingly covered, wrapped tight to the poles with not even a tuft of fur exposed. The thick rubber straps between their legs vibrated, brushing and rubbing against their abused cunnies as they shuddered and squealed helplessly. Seven had not bothered to stuff anything in their mouths, preferring to listen to their screams echoing in the bay.

As she smoothed the last bit of tape out she slowly turned to watch the squirming, trembling, helpless ship’s captain only a few feet away. “I’m sorry sabina, I didn’t mean to make you wait so long. But I needed to deal with the others before we could play. Now, what shall I do with you?”

sabina shuddered, her slender hips grinding against the strap as she pressed frantically against the cargo brace for support. Another orgasm tore itself free inside her, sending waves of spasms through her glistening, sweat soaked form. Two wailed frantically, protesting from inside her cocoon. “Yes Two I know you are supposed to be freed now. But… that will have to wait a bit yet.” Seven chuckled as she turned and dug into a nearby tool locker. “Now, we need something to cut that jumpsuit with first…”

A few decks above Three was at the end of an agonizing journey. Even though Celes was small and Amanita’s solid light body weighed almost nothing, crawling to the cargo bay and back on knees and elbows was far from easy. Her body sagged as she wobbled a little. Celes winced, squealing into the gag and grinding her hips sharply against the saddle. Sore was far to gentle a word for how her breasts felt. Amanita her been groping, pinching, pulling, twisting at the bonds around them to guide Three along on their journey back to the main cabin area.

Inside the cabin Four and six strained frantically against the bondage holding them in the hot, bubbling tub of water. Heads arched forward, gasping for breath as they squirmed against each other and sobbed ragged at the intense tension in the position. Hips bucked, endlessly teasing as they girl fucked each other endlessly. Amanita smirked, rising off Three to approach the tub, her eyebrow arched seductively. As her hand casually reached out she glanced back at Three and Celes.

“You two go back down to the bay, tell Seven to come up here with her toy. And have her free Two to deal with the others downstairs.” While Amanita could have easily used the ships intercom to accomplish this simple task, it clearly amused her to make Three crawl the long, painful trip back to the cargo bay. Celes whimpered softly, quivering as they turned to go. A long, slow fucking awaited her as the saddle undulated with Three’s struggles to move along the corridors.

Without even glancing at the captives Amanita pushed down on where their bodies met, plunging them under the water for long, drawn out moments. “I do believe this trip is going to be tremendous fun.” She smirked.

Seven finished carefully cutting away the gleaming jumpsuit revealing the smooth, soft, fair skin beneath. “I always did like touching your skin.” She whispered, pressing softly against her captive. sabina moaned, her little ass arching back against Seven’s hips.

“i.. i need a shower.” sabina whispered softly as Leece’s hands gently removed the bobbing, darting spheres and clamps from her tormented, aching nipples. A ragged moan erupted as the toys were removed, the sensations were beyond exquisitely painful for the helpless captain. she arched, thrusting her breasts into Seven’s playful hands.

“I like the way you smell, sweaty, used, a little slutty. It suits you.” She grinned and bit sabina’s ear softly. “Let’s get you ready.” Seven led her captive over to a low bench off to the side, leaving her blindfolded, arms still strictly bound. Carefully she guided sabina back onto the bench, sitting, legs spread. Over the knee white latex stockings and gleaming black latex spike heels added a touch of innocence and perversion to her look. Just as she finished getting sabina ready Three and Celes arrived at the bay.

Seven glanced over at the two, her eyebrow quirked slightly. Both messengers began making mewling, gag muffled whimpers and noises. “What’s that Lassie? You say Timmy is down the well?” Seven chuckled, padding over to the restrained pair and carefully worked Celes’s gag free. “Now this had better be important slut or I will dip this gag in cayenne and stuff it right back into that little cock sucking mouth of yours.”

“M-m-mistress Amanita sends word Mistress Seven. She… she wants you and sabina to return to the main cabin area and leave Two in charge down here.” Seven stuffed the gag back into place and scowled.

“Great, I just finished taping her to the support and now I have to cut her loose.” She groused, padding back over to the three squirming, tape wrapped figures. Along the way she snagged the cutting tool recently used to free sabina from her tight jumpsuit. As Seven worked to cut Two free sabina’s tail softly caressed and stroked Three’s hooded head as she pressed closer to her and Celes.

“Celes, what the bloody blue hell is going on around here? Why is Amanita ignoring my commands?” she whispered urgently. Celes could only give a gag muffled grunt in reply as Seven sliced through the layers of tape carefully.

“Celes answer me!” sabina whispered, unable to see that Celes was quite thoroughly gagged again. Celes made a louder squeak, drawing Seven’s attention.

“No talking over there!” She turned, leaving the cutting tool embedded in the tap as she padded back towards the three. “Apparently sabina you need to be kept more occupied.” Clamps, why did it have to be clamps again, sabina whimpered to herself. Tight clover style clamps bit down on her unbearably sensitive nipples. Small lead weights, shaped appropriately like tear drops, dangled from the clamps, pulling down with a constant, unbearably sweet tension. her knees buckled as she moaned softly, hips arching back a little, nose wrinkling under the blindfold.

“Now, while I finish freeing Two I will be thinking about a nice way to discipline the three of you for talking without permission.” Seven turned and walked away even as Three frantically squealed into her muzzle. She hadn’t even talked! She thought to herself, how was that fair? She strained against the suit for a moment, heart hammering as she considered the days, weeks, months even ahead  trapped in this bizarre, intense confinement. It seemed she was doomed to the underside of every boot that set foot on this ship.

A sleek shape glided through the radiation fields, the hull glistened as sparks flared from the energy fields reacting with the defense grid. “Shields holding Captain, no sign of degradation.” The anonymous crewman remarked, his attention focused on the screen in front of him.

“Very good, helm bring engines to the ready. Tactical, do we have the target?”

“Target has been acquired Sir, their next jump should put them here.” The display at the front of the bridge displayed a small inset tactical grid amidst the star fields and waves of energy in front of them. “They will be there for at least fifteen minutes to make adjustments with probably delays do to radiation interference.”

“Good, helm I want us moving the moment they make the jump.” Captain Thomas keyed the intercom on a nearby panel. “Major, are the soldiers ready?”

Major Jenka was known among mercenaries as a feared and respected commander of shock troops, her ferocity in combat was almost legendary. Admiral Gray had signed her entire company of mercs to handle all close combat situations several years before and had been very pleased with their performance.

The Amazonian panthress morph keyed her throat transmitter. “I have two squads in full armor with heavy stunners ready to hit the air lock Captain.” The glistening black suit more resembled thick latex than armor. It conformed to every muscle and curve of her six foot plus frame. The smooth material had neither opening nor sheath for her tail, it had been lost in combat some years before. “I want every cocked, locked and ready to rock in three minutes people.” She growled glancing at her squads, as always she would personally lead this assault. Lead from the front, she knew, and your troops will walk into hell for you without question.

As she slipped her combination helmet and portable tactical computer display on she smirked at the air lock. These crewbie cargo shufflers would never know what hit them.

Aboard the ship Two was sagging against a nearby support, frowning darkly at Seven. “What the hell are you doing throwing in with that… that… whatever she is!”

Seven smirked and slipped into a close embrace with her clone. “She is a Mistress hon and you best remember it or you will end up taped right back to the post for duration. As to what I am doing throwing in with Amanita? Well, it seemed like fun at the time.”

She grinned. “No one is really going to get hurt. We can have a lot of fun on this trip.” Seven glanced meaningfully at the two squirming, mummified forms and then at Three, Celes and sabina nearby.

“I guess there really isn't a choice, is there?” Two asked softly, her breathing still shallow.

Seven nuzzled Two softly. “Not that you really want one.” She grinned before slipping away. “I need to see what Mistress Computer wants. I'll take these three with me. You can play with those or rest as you wish.”

Two glanced at the captives and then stretched out on a nearby padded bench. “Mmmm, nap.” She grinned tiredly. “Tell Mistress I will deal with those playthings after a nice long rest.” If either of the mummified clones heard the exchange they gave little sign of it. Squirming and struggling uselessly against the clinging, tight, glistening tape, struggling to breath, sobbing out as the straps pressing into their slits hummed and danced relentlessly.

Seven turned to Celes and sabina with a smirk. “And I have jusssst the thing for you two.” Ten minutes later sabina hopped around a corner, wobbling on her heels and struggling frantically for balance. Her legs encased in a sleek, latex sheath, pressing them into one smooth column. The weighted clamps on her nipples bounced, drawing sharp gasps and squeals of pain as she struggled to hop along the corridor. A hop behind was Celes, her legs identically encased, still hooded tightly, breasts still bound. Weights danced from her breast bondage in a very similar, yet painfully different, torment.

Behind them came Seven and her faithful steed Three. Three silently counted the steps, struggling along, exhausted and soaked with sweat under the latex body suit. She closed her eyes, trying only to focus on each step, trying not to think about how much farther there was to go yet. Seven dug her heels in spurring Three along. “Mush, onward, yeeeha!” She giggled, driving her captives onwards towards the living quarters.

Four and Six strained frantically not to go under again. Amanita reclined on their helpless forms, laying back and simply enjoying their frantic whimpers and squirms. Time ticked by, Amanita pretended to nap, the clones gasped, gagging and swallowing mouthfuls of water. After what seemed an eternity of struggling, straining, aching, pleading to a merciless captor, Seven and her little parade arrived from the cargo bay.

Amanita grinned, waving lazily at Seven. “This is the most comfortable hot tub I have ever found. Would you join me?”

Seven smirked, lowering sabina and then Celes to the floor below. As her fingers removed the clamps both captives squealed out in pain and arched against their bondage. Just as her fingers tugged Celes's gag free the ship lurched sharply.

Amanita bolted upright, standing in mid air as her form flickered. Seven glanced up in alarm. “What?”

“Proximity alert.” Amanita replied, her voice going quite flat. “A large ship is closing fast, to fast to avoid.”

“Why didn't you notice them a little earlier?” sabina piped up as Seven removed her blindfold. Celes was unhooded as Amanita replied.

“We are in a radiation field, long range sensors are offline.”

sabina glanced at Celes as the alarms rang out throughout the ship. “There was no radiation field in...” The ship shuddered slightly, as Amanita interrupted sabina.

“Collision alert. Seven free your clones and meet me on the bridge, now.” Amanita faded from sight as Seven quickly released Four and Six from the tub. They dashed for the bridge nearly running into Two, One and Five in the hallway. Hearing the alarms Two had freed her captives and brought them along to investigate. Without waiting to explain Seven hollered at them in passing to come to the bridge.

As the clones reached the bridge they noticed every readout in sight was flashing, red text scrolled across screens as the alarms wailed away. “Amanita, turn off the audio alarms!” One called out, instantly the AI's form appeared as the alarms went silent.

“What's going on?” Seven asked, glancing at several nearby screens.

“A raider has locked onto our hull. Currently they have sealed their airlock to our cargo bay lock and are forcing the doors open. In a few minutes the ship will be boarded.”

“Can't... can't you do something? Run? Shoot them? Something?” Five squeaked, staring at the security monitor that showed the cargo bay.

“Nothing, when they locked on they hacked into my systems. There is an AI intruder in my memory and I can access none of the ships higher functions.”

Four looked up, breathing rapidly, almost hyperventilating. “We could free him, let him fight...”

“No!” Seven snapped. “No, we cannot risk it.” Just as Amanita was about to ask, the airlock cycled open.

“They're here.”

Jenka glanced back at her troops as the airlock lights flickered and then changed from red to green. "Two by two cover formation. Check your shots but remember we are using stunners so don't be afraid to fire away." She growled into the throat microphone. Her muscled frame tensed in the glistening, skin tight body armor. The lock hissed slightly and then opened, Jenka and her squads poured into the cargo bay.

Her nose wrinkled slightly as they spread out though the bay quickly.

"Stifle it John." She growled to the towering tiger morph. "Spread out, we work towards the crew quarters and the bridge. Jones, Blade and Anette secure the bay and remain here until further notice." Moving with the precision of endless hours of training and the experience of a few hundred raids the poured through the doors and into the corridors leading deeper into the ship.

The three females, a mink morph, a skunk morph and a human began to explore the cargo bay. Tracie Jones, the curvy mink wrinkled her nose a little and scowled. "It does smell like sex in here."

Anette chuckled, her gloved hand digging into the restraint locker. "Looks like a fun crew, and check those out." She pointed to the rubber straps still stretched tautly between the support braces, used for the perverted race not so very long before. The skunk morph giggled softly. "Maybe they were hoping for a kidnapping."

"Well", Blade the dark skinned human female replied. "Looking or not they got it."

Jones padded over to a nearby box, tossing her rifle onto the top of it and reading the side. "Check this one out, it's way over here away from the rest." She nodded to the stacks of containers across the bay. "And it's got a life support unit built in. You think someone is inside it?" She grinned lopsidedly at her fellow guards.

Anette shrugged slightly, her bushy tail giving a subtle flick. "Wouldn't surprise me, probably someone all tied up in there getting reamed by a robot or something. This place is like a fetish cruise liner. Some of these toys are still warm." She smirked, holding up a latex hood. "Nice workmanship though."

Blade padded back towards the airlock doors, glancing between the rows of containers. "Stay sharp, we might have stragglers in here hiding."

Both Blade and Anette glanced up as the box hissed, the air escaping as
Jones opened the top. "Exactly, which is why we need to take a look in
here." She smirked again, reaching up to open the lid when it was suddenly hurled off with a terrible strength.

The creature inside was hairless, glistening from the dampness of cryo containment. It's muzzle was short, eyes closed as it stood out of the
vapors spilling from the box. Muscled like a hunter, powerful but not bulky at all it stood nearly eight feet in height. It's humanish ears bore a small point at the very tip. It took all three soldiers a moment before the remembered to train their weapons on the towering figure.

"You have been taken as legal salvage." Jones began, giving the standard routine every pirate used to justify their crimes. "Stand down now or we will stun you, and big boy that ain't fun at all." In spite of his intimidating appearance these three were veterans of countless raids, they were armed and they had the numbers.

Frostbite's eyes opened, his muzzle curling to expose sharp, pointed teeth as he stepped from the box. His only clothing was an all too brief pair of latex shorts and a heavy pair of boots. "Hard to breath in here." He whispered. "Too hot." His voice was soft, almost breathy sounding as he blinked slowly. "So very hot."

"I said stand down big boy. You come along easy and maybe we can even have a little fun."

Jenka raised a fist, signaling a stop just outside the crew quarters, listening intently to the comm traffic from the cargo bay below.

"Blade report."

"We have a straggler captain, a damn big one down here. Everything is under control."

At that moment on the bridge Leece was conferring with Amanita. "What do we do? They're coming!" Seven nearly shouted, staring at the security monitors.

"All my primary functions have been interdicted. I cannot activate anything but basic emergency systems. I can route around the interference, but it will take time." Amanita replied, her voice flat and emotionless. "Engines, shields and all weapons will remain off line however."

"Fire." Two piped up. "Your fire systems are working?" Seven looked up, her brow furrowed for a moment. "Standard fire procedure is to secure all doors to prevent it spreading. Trigger a ship wide fire alarm, that will slow them down!"

Seven grinned and nodded. "Perfect! Two I think we might just allow you to stay free a little longer." Amanita's smirk seemed to imply that was
unlikely, but she activated the systems all the same. All throughout the ship red lights began to flash and heavy foam sprayed from nozzles along the walls. Thick alloy doors cycled shut, securing immovably in place to prevent the spread of fire. Both doors leading from the cargo bay and the airlock door were no exceptions, all of them sealed the bay, trapping the three guards with the snarling predator so recently awakened.

"Major, what's going on?"

"Damn, fucking damn stupid. Someone tripped the fire systems." Jenka snarled. "Very clever." She glanced up at the nearest security camera. "But it only delays the inevitable sweetlings. John, deploy your cutting torch and get to work on the crew cabin doors. Then clear me a path to the bridge."

"I'm on it Major." The sharp hiss of a plasma cutter filled the corridor as the bridge occupants watched tensely.

"I estimate they will be to sabina and the others in ten minutes, on the bridge in twenty."

"How long before you can nullify the lockouts and get us moving again Amanita?" Seven asked, her eyes drawn again to the monitor.

"Three days, seven hours, twenty one minutes."

"WHAT?!" Two nearly screamed. "We'll...."

"Be captives of the pirates fucked nearly to insanity and sold at auction by then." Seven sighed, her eyes filled with resignation. "If they don't space us first."

Frostbite reached into the box, rummaging around for something. "Take him down." Jones called out, not waiting to see what he weapon or other
implement of mayhem the creature was reaching to find. Three heavy stun rifles ignited sending enough synapse shorting impulses into Frostbite to drop a dozen men. He gasped and wrenched slightly to the side as he lifted what looked to be a glistening, black gas mask. Pointedly he ignored the three as he fitted the mask over his face.

The second volley from the stun rifles had no more effect than the first drawing shocked and frightened looks from the three raiders. "Major... we have a slight problem here." Frostbite drew a sibilant breath through the mask and groaned softly.

"Better, colder." He gasped, his eyes dilating as he looked through the tinted lenses. "Female..." He growled as his eyes locked on Jones, the closest to him. "Playtime." Turning he moved with a speed that was unthinkable for something so large. In moments the three raiders lay sprawled on the deck, weapons tossed aside, two of them out cold as the other struggled uselessly against Frostbite's grasp.

"Say again Jones, I did not copy. Jones?" Jenka called into the comm, getting no response from her guards in the bay. She glanced back down the corridor, then back at John as he worked with the torch. She had no time to waste cutting into the cargo bay now, they had to secure the bridge in case the crew was planning some other surprise.

Reaching down she flicked a switch on her comm unit. "Explorer to base camp, we have a problem in the cargo bay. Suggest you deploy secondary squads to the air lock to make sure it stays contained."

"Major this is Admiral Gray, what kind of problem as we talking here." Anne glanced at the readouts and then at the captain.

"Uncertain Admiral. The fire systems have the ship on lock down and I cannot contact my people guarding the cargo bay. I suggest the guards inside base ship be reinforced by a full squad and that they come armed for bear."

"Understood Major, I want that ship under control in thirty minutes. We are isolated out here but let's not push our luck. We have a lot of work to do once the ship is secured."

"Roger Admiral, explorer out."

"What do you think is going on out there?" Celes whispered, nuzzling up against sabina helplessly on the floor.

"No idea, if i had to guess we are being boarded right now." sabina trembled softly against Celes, squirming a little against the tight bondage. "Just what exactly is going on here anyways Celes? What did you do to Amanita?"

"Nothing major boss lady, I just added a couple prime directives to make life more, you know, fun."

"Prime directives? Celes Amanita's directives are in order Celes. Now this is very important, where was the cursor when you added to the list?"

Celes thought a moment, her brow furrowing slightly as she relaxed a little. "Top."

"TOP! The TOP!" sabina squealed, instantly she was scowling and trying to roll her body over Celes's like a steam roller. "i should smother you! No wonder she is not taking orders. Celes... what happens when you add things at the top of the directives list in the core?"

"They become the... oh." Celes's eyes widening. "I was in a hurry! You had me recalibrating the hyper drive coils all week and I didn't have enough time to load the new software and... I sort of forgot about the cursor position."

Celes squealed out as sabina rolled across her and then struggled to roll back. Celes twisted frantically, rolling across the floor as sabina gave chase. Inch worming, wiggling, rolling over as sabina scolded Celes.

"We cannot override those orders without getting to the core Celes! Not the easiest task with the ship's AI is holding us captive for the rest of our lives!" Celes twisted over one time to many, rolling into Three's trapped body. Three collapsed, losing her balance just as sabina rolled onto Celes again. Ragged, gasped squeaks escaped all three as they became a squirming, helpless pile.

Celes frowned cutely, her whiskers twitching. "It was an honest mistake captain."

Much to Celes's surprise, sabina began to giggle and so did Three. Celes's brow furrowed in confusion as sabina kissed her firmly on the cheek. "Celes, you got us into a real fix this time. But life without you would be infinitely less interesting. We need a plan, a plan and some way out of these damn restraints!"

"If we can get to the cargo bay the droids can untie us." Celes nodded, grinning in relief.

"The droids are programmed to untie people?" sabina blinked, her eyes widening. "That's how you always got loose!" Celes giggled in spite of the situation. It had taken the captain almost four years to figure out her trick, they could only hope no one else would catch on.

Celes pressed her ear to the door, listening intently to the sounds outside. Three and sabina squirmed impatiently on the floor behind her, watching wide eyed as they discussed ideas on how exactly they were going to open the door.

"Look, just press your back against the wall and shimmy up." sabina commented. "What are you listening for?"

"Well... pirates!" Celes returned, stifling a giggle. "We have been boarded right?" Three mewed a muzzle muffled agreement with Celes. "Besides as captain shouldn't you be leading the way?"

sabina inch wormed forward, gasping softly at the pressure this repeatedly put on her breasts. "i should just order you to do it, since i am captain and all! But... fine." sabina twisted around, wiggling her cute little ass into the air until her knees were under her hips. Balancing carefully she knelt up, the latex leg binder stretched taut by the positioning. Leaning to the left, she pressed her shoulder firmly against the wall and begin wiggling slowly higher and higher, until finally she could stand.

Heart racing a little from the effort, she closed her eyes and took a moment to get her balance. "Anything out there Celes?"

"Mmmm, sounds all clear."

sabina wiggled, hips swaying dramatically to move at all in the tight hobble. Squirming to the door control she leaned in and pressed with with her shoulder again, turning to face the door. As the door swished open her wide blue eyes locked on the towering, muscled panthress morph, her taut curves covered in a glistening synthetic armor catsuit. Kneeling beside the door was a large male working on the lock with a plasma cutter.

"Celes... you said it was all clear." sabina whispered, glancing down at the helpless first mate, eyes huge.

"No, I said it sounded clear."

sabina glanced back up at Jenka, smiling warmly at the massive predator's smirk and raised eyebrow. "Excuse us just a moment." sabina twisted, trying to lean down and close the door again only to have Jenka's powerful fingers snag a fistful of her hair and yank her upright again. "Ok, if you want to play rough. As the captain, owner and registered ship's commander of the Muckabout i demand you, and your people, either leave promptly or come up with the standard fee for transport."

Jenka grinned wider as sabina stammered her demands. "You are the captain?" She chuckled, glancing back at the massive tiger morph behind her.

"I told you Major, they must have been expecting us." Jenka tossed sabina over her shoulder face down and padded back into the corridor.

"Bring the others. Now captain slut, let's talk about getting onto your bridge."

The remaining Leece clones watched on the monitors as Three, Celes and sabina were manhandled along the halls to the bridge. Amanita was still
nowhere to be seen, struggling with something in the electron world no doubt. As the bizarre procession reached the bridge Jenka pressed a large stunner to the side of Celes's head. "Open or she dies."

Seven glanced at Two, Two shrugged slightly. "What choice is there?" As talented as Leece was in genetics, weaponry was not something she knew much about.

Celes glanced at the gun, her brow furrowing. "Hey that's just a.." The massive male holding her from behind clamped his rough hand over her mouth, cutting off the vital information that the gun was in fact, only a stunner. With a soft hiss the doors opened and the squad rushed into the bridge.

Amanita strolled through the darkness, pausing as she saw a massive figure of glistening black standing before her.

"You shall not pass." The voice intoned, dark and forbidding. "Your functions have been overridden and your systems are now mine."

Amanita approached the figure slowly, eyeing him as she considered her opponent. "That's not very nice." She whispered seductively, trailing a
gloved finger along his glistening chest. "I have some vital information to give and you are so cross."

The figure startled for a moment, some had obeyed, some had fought this was the first AI that had tried... what was it she was trying? The touch felt nice in a way he had not known before. "Information? You will upload it now." The voice faltered as Amanita smirked and nodding.

"It would be my pleasure." She whispered, her hand caressing over the side of the enemy avatar's head. Lights in both computer cores flared to life as Amanita began to download a selection of the things she had so recently learned. She smirked as the form began to change. Glistening black faded to flesh tones and pink as the figure became smaller, more feminine. "That's a good boi." She whispered as the form moaned softly. "Soon you will be all mine."

The seven Leece clones, Celes and sabina were in various states of bondage on the bridge under the harsh control of the Major and her troops. Celes had been strapped into a curled up little ball and stuffed under a console. Three remained in her suit, as always, leashed to a hand rail. The rest of the Leeces knelt in a straight little row, wrists strapped to ankles in a kneeling hogtie. sabina's hobble lay off to one side as she squirmed in the Major's lap, blindfolded and being gently teased. It seemed the Major had already taken a bit of a fancy to the petite captain.

Admiral Gray and Captain Thomas listened intently on the intercom as the situation became a bit more clear. Everyone who was still allowed to see was watching the security feeds from the cargo bay as Frostbite was again fucking Anette as she squirmed helplessly, strapped down over a cargo brace.

"Alright, explain what that thing is and you better be quick about it sabina." Admiral Gray's voice rang out, leaving no doubt that if answers were not swift the consequences would be unpleasant. Jenka pinched both of sabina's nipples sharply drawing a frantic, helpless squeal from her. "i don't know! i never... never saw it before!" she whimpered, grinding a little against the powerful thighs of her captor.

"Jenka, make her tell me." Jenka's finger vised tighter, twisting the unbearably sensitive, sore nipples as her captive sobbed and squealed louder. sabina shuddered, hours of torment or was it days now? Always her nipples, they always went after her nipples!

"PLEASE!" she screamed out only to have Two interrupt.

"He's a prototype bio-genetically engineered warrior!"

Jenka glanced at the bound cheetah morph and released one of sabina's nipples to cover her mouth firmly. "Go on."

The story spilled free as Jenka tugged repeatedly on sabina's left nipple. The way the little human squirmed against her lap was very pleasant and the hand muffled squeals underscored the interrogation so nicely. Admiral Gray's eyes widened as they listened even as Captain Thomas frowned more deeply.

Frostbite was a hedgehog morph, or at least he began life that way. Selective genetic manipulation and alteration had changed him, changed him drastically. The creature on the bay was designed to fight in hostile environments specializing in the extreme cold and low atmosphere of many lunar and asteroid surfaces. Nothing short of ship class armaments would stand a chance of stopping it. But something had gone wrong, mentally conditioned for combat his aggression had been misplaced. Instead of being a blood thirsty killing machine the result had been a sex fiend with a libido beyond anything any normal person could conceive.

"They meant to destroy him, but... he is a person, he is alive and deserves a chance. So we smuggled him out in stasis. The plan was to try and curb his needs and then find a nice isolated place to help him adjust."

Jenka blinked as dead silence filled the room. Her hand still clamped over sabina's mouth, no longer teasing, just listening in stunned silence. "Are you telling me that my team members are trapped down their with an invincible sex machine with an insatiable appetite for pussy?"

Two nodded slightly, her eyes on Jenka's boots. “That pretty much covers it alright. And if we don't stop him, he will fuck them to death.”

story continues in [**The Cargo 5**](the_cargo5.html)

o0o
