---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Cheryl's Coffin
authors:
- Wingco
tags:
- M+-f
- bond
- cuffs
- straps
- enclosed
- costume
- blindfold
- mittens
- buried
- cons
- X
date: 2024-11-03 00:00:00
---

Wasn’t the best start to her Halloween. Turned away from the party because she wasn’t in fancy dress! A fuming youngster seeing some of her college friends all being allowed in, Jessie, Monica and Dawn. All wearing daft blood-spattered dresses while hers, a simple plain white calf-length one and matching heels that she’d hoped would make her appear like a ghost wasn’t good enough.

Slightly comforted however at getting a text from her best friend Julia or Jules, who was supposed to be here but she too had been turned away along with her boyfriend. Had the girl been on her own Cheryl might have suggested they meet up. ‘OK, see you at College on Monday 1000. Jules xxx’

“Sorry missy,” the bouncer had told her. “You best get off home and try again. Plain, boring doesn’t cut it tonight,” and she’d stared then turned away trying not to make an exhibition of herself as a couple of others laughed. Hurrying to her car and heading away. Didn’t help it was misty tonight, typical October weather and she rang home to let mum know she was coming back early and why.

“OK love thanks for letting us know, Halloween is a silly idea anyway sweetie but we’re about to walk up to the pub for quiz-night. Always could do with a youngster who knows pop music. Come along after you’ve changed, yes? Starts at 8pm so no need to speed young lady,” so Cheryl agreed and signed off, already happier about things as she swung onto the back road. Passing a guy walking two dogs and she was glad it was nice and warm in here rather than outside with him. Only five miles back to…

A surprised Cheryl moments later staring at the glowing yellow ‘oil’ light on her Mini’s dashboard that had just come on. Dad had always warned her about this, but she’d kept the car in tip-top condition as promised. Checking lights and stuff each month yet now…not fair! So she grumbled and drove into the layby next to the church. Switching off and the lights went out as well. Flicking the internal light and checking her phone…half a bar of signal if that!

“Rats’ and more damn rats’” she squealed, angry now and a beep…beep when she tried to dial out. A louder curse and she looked about. Seeing a dim light in a window at the side of the church where she assumed someone lived. Yes as another couple of lights went on briefly upstairs then the lower one went off so there must be someone in.

She didn’t want to be a pest or scare them so instead Cheryl put her jacket on, grabbed a torch from the boot and headed back up the hill a little way, hoping not to bump into the dogwalker. Only about two hundred yards but ouch…in these heels… “Should have changed them sweetheart,” she cursed and another check on her phone…three bars…Yay!

Cheryl made her call, relieved it would be ninety minutes or less as they were quite busy. Yes she had blankets and stuff in her car so she’d be alright, the girl assuring the dispatcher. Well having a dad who was a paramedic was an easy way to make sure she could handle problems like this. Tottering back to the car quickly enough as the mist swirled about. Into the passenger side, put the seat back and wrap herself up in the blanket…nice and snug and soon she dozed off.

Waking up with a start barely twenty minutes later and wow it was a little colder than she’d hoped for. But now Cheryl really needed that wee and decided she’d have to go and knock on the door after all.

“I’ll use his phone to let the breakdown people know where I’ve gone, he won’t mind,” Cheryl said and grabbing her skinny jacket again and her handbag. Leaving her four-way light flashing she walked nervously down the gravel path, thankful she’d changed into those flat shoes when heels became too painful as they’d done earlier.

Arriving at the darkened door she was startled when the proximity light flicked on. Just in time for her to avoid colliding with a newly spun spiders web, only the dew hanging from the strands stopped her destroying its night's labour.

Cheryl paused then gently tapped on the door…nothing and she almost turned away. Then she saw the big knocker and paused. Had to be done and bang bang BANG!

Now another light came on and a window opened above her with a squeak.

“Just a moment folks, thought you weren’t coming tonight, be down shortly,” a voice called then the window closed with a thump leaving the youngster baffled.

Footsteps behind the door then it creaked open. An elderly man, yes a genuine vicar complete with dog collar stood there squinting through a pair of horn-rimmed glasses. He stared at her, then around her too…most puzzling and maybe a little rude?

“Are you alone young lady?” he said politely and of course she nodded. Pointing back to the road and telling him she’d broken down and needed to use the phone please. He stared and could vaguely see the lights flashing beyond the gate. “Very well, do come in out of the yukky weather,” he said with a chuckle now and ushered a hugely relieved Cheryl inside.

Leading her into the kitchen and pointing to a telephone on the wall. She thanked him and routed round in the bag for her breakdown card and made the call. Surprised they didn’t already know as this was the second time she’d rung, but that soon got sorted out. Relieved that it’d only be another 90 minutes and as she explained it was just a warning light it shouldn’t take long to fix. A shame she couldn’t ring mum, they were probably at the pub now and that place forbade mobile phones during quiz nights because people just won’t stop cheating! Instead leaving a message on the answerphone at home that she was safe and would call again after the problem was fixed.

Getting a nod of approval from the vicar and polite shake of hands as they introduced themselves, the girl somehow managing to restrain herself from a fit of the giggles at finding out her saviour was Father Gerald Host. Quietly thinking ‘Ghost, it’s the perfect night for meeting one then’

Sitting down she accepted the offer of coffee but asked to use the restroom first. Having to explain to the puzzled clergy different names for the toilet. “Oh, guess I’ve watched too many American shows,” she grinned as he told her where it was.

Returning minutes later to a whistling kettle, two cups ready and she watched Father Gerald make the drinks. Offering sugar but Cheryl liked hers ‘white and straight’ “Oh sorry Sir,” she blushed. “That’s’ milk and no sugar please,” and a nod and smile from the guy. A plate of biscuits was laid out and she offered them to him first but he declined. Seeing this girl had impeccable manners, though slightly clumsy in the way she spoke to people. Youngsters these days were losing the power of conversation and instead using ‘Tech-speak or was it Text?’ something like that but never mind.

Been a long time since he’d chatted to a pretty girl like her and Father asked where she’d been going. Cheryl explaining about the party and what happened. In return asking him who else he’d been expecting as he’d said earlier.

The youngster puzzled again when Father Gerald paused and even went a little red in the face. “Well it’s rather embarrassing young missy. I don’t think it’s the sort of thing you’d want to hear,” and another pause as he hoped she wouldn’t pry. But Cheryl, curious like all kids, even 19 year-old college students have an insatiable thirst for knowledge wanted to know right now.

A sigh. “Well then, if it’s not going to upset you…” and she waited.

“The people coming tonight were going to bury one of their group alive in the churchyard!”

He honestly thought the kid’s eyes couldn’t get any bigger. Her fingers going paler than her dress as she gripped the table. “Wow Sir, that’s…well that’s a…oh wow,” she spluttered, her chest pounding away and he raised a hand to stop her getting more upset.

“It’s alright. Would only last an hour then they’d bring her up again and she’d be safe, it would be seen to be a joke…” he said and her eyes went back to normal but Cheryl shook her head, trying to stop her fingers shaking.

“But why, and who was or is she?” was her next question and Father Gerald glowed a little and now Cheryl was intrigued. So she listened in stunned silence and found this had been going on for a few years now. Always the same girl and her group of friends, they filmed it too last time but more to the point they paid his church £250 each time to do it. “So, although it seems very strange, there’s no way I could turn that down financially, could I? My bishop knows and he doesn’t mind for the same reasons… well and you now. So please young lady, don’t say anything.” and he saw her nodding and Cheryl agreed to that.

Still amazed at the revelation of what went on here Cheryl asked why the party hadn’t arrived tonight. “Their minibus broke down, bit like your car missy, but theirs is more serious as the gearbox seized up and they’re stuck on the motorway over an hour away. They rang about 15 minutes before you turned up. That’s why I was going upstairs to my study to write Sunday’s sermon.”

She smiled at that as did he, but Cheryl was still thinking about that idea. How daft…how would it feel even, and she wondered…

“Sorry to keep going on about this but it sounds really far-fetched. You said they filmed it, yes?” and he nodded, hoping she wasn’t…

“You don’t have a copy of it here do you? Love to see what it’s like,” the girl said at last with a grin.

Father Gerald shuddered for a moment then his shoulders slumped…and Cheryl knew she’d got him. “My dear child, you are very persuasive. I really should ask them first but nobody’s answering their phones. Yes, I have a copy of the one they took last year. It’s better than the old ones…I suppose you’d like to see it, yes?” and the big smile told him that was indeed the case.

“Very well, come with me please,” and she obeyed as he pointed upstairs, saying his study was on the right. She followed him up the creaking staircase and wondered what her mum would say at this. Going to watch a probable video nasty of something like that with a guy who should know better!

Entering his private study and seeing how austere the room was. Just a desk facing the window, his chair and that was about it. Just the obligatory cross on the wall over the desk and Father Gerald saw her staring then immediately cross herself with a faint bow as well.

“Thank you young lady,” he said and she smiled in a relieved way as he opened the desk drawer and tugged out an old laptop!

Opening the device after plugging it of course and soon the screen flickered into life. “Not quite on MS-DOS but probably older than you,” he grinned and Cheryl did giggle, hand over her mouth as the Windows 97 logo flashed up. “Wow, this belongs in a museum, must be worth a bit as well seeing it works,” she exclaimed and once he called up the ‘Movie Player’ he inserted a floppy-disk to more chuckles. “Still amazed it works myself,” he said then selected the file marked ‘Chrissie 2018’.

“This is last year’s and the first time I allowed them to film it. Weather was worse than tonight’s, so the rain ruined a lot. They used one man with a hand-held device. Plus we only found out later that the sound wasn’t good enough so you won’t hear anything. They didn’t finish the burial either for the same reasons but you’ll get the general idea of what happens to her.”

Cheryl watched agog as a very pretty blonde girl in a voluptuous bridal gown was escorted to the altar by a black suited man. Only the fact there wasn’t anybody waiting there for her made this a wedding video with a major difference and Cheryl could tell that by the way the picture wobbled. Father Gerald appeared, this time in full vestments and stood before the girl as she looked around. A look of sheer devastation appearing on her face as the vicar took both hands then spoke to her. Catching hold of the bride moments later as she slumped forward.

“No appearance fee as a guest star?” Cheryl asked and Father Gerald smiled. “No, just the £250 as I said before. Maybe would have this time as they’ve improved the storyline.” The show moved on. The girl now turning away from the altar, ripping her veil off then trying to run back down the aisle. Being stopped by the black-suited man and the only other men who now got up from the pews and held her tightly by the arms. One man putting his hand over her face as she obviously tried to scream for help. The clergyman standing impassionedly as she was hauled back to where she’d been.

An amazed Cheryl watched as the bride was handcuffed with restraints produced from his vestments by Father Gerald! Both wrists were secured behind her back then the struggled girl was marched down the aisle by the four men, still obviously kicking and screaming before the shot faded as the door slammed shut and lighting in the church dimmed.

“She’s a very good actress isn’t she?” Father Gerald said. “Her real name if I recall was Rosanna…” and he saw his companion’s face changing and he paused the film, winding it back a little then zooming in on that very cute face. “Of course…yes Sir I recognise her clearly now you did that. Yes, her name is Miss Kennedy, well to us she is,” Cheryl squealed and then smiled again. “Rosanna’s our Art and Drama Tutor at the local college!”

Father Gerald actually laughed out loud as did Cheryl as she explained how good Rosanna was at her normal job, an enthusiastic young lady and how much the students were learning from her. “She does use cameras and stuff for our end of year shows. I guess these are some of her friends. I don’t know any of them as students.” The couple watched the scene right through again. The vicar looking down and saw his guest staring intently as the bride struggled helplessly, her own hands trembling …and he began wondering…

The next scene on the screen opened up in a small room, the camera on the far side of it as the door crashed open and the men and their captive entered. By now she was being fully carried and face down. Two men holding her kicking legs, one guy who must be really strong had his arms wrapped right around her upper body while the last still had one hand over her mouth, the other supporting her head.

Turning her around as the camera drew back and Cheryl gasped on seeing a coffin on the floor. The girl’s reaction was even more profound. Hysterical struggling and the guys almost dropped her. Father Gerard then produced a syringe and ‘jabbed’ her. Soon her jolting about faded and they held her till all movement had stopped. Her cuffs were removed then an amazed Cheryl watched as she was lowered into the coffin on her back.

The guys reached in as the wobbly camera moved closer and she saw thick straps being applied over her legs, waist and her arms were secured alongside her body both above the elbow and then her wrists. The last was done around her neck. Father Gerald now smiling as his guest stared again, this time licking her lips as another syringe was jabbed into the hapless girl and she awoke a few minutes later.

Rosanna staring up as Father Gerald came close holding a book that was meant to be a Bible. “Didn’t use a real one I assure you, if you remember all religious regalia in the church had been covered up, those vestments I wore were not my normal ones either,” he said and Cheryl was pleased. There are some things you just DON’T do!

He reached down and ‘blessed’ the girl, her face streaming with tears, the camera zooming in as both hands tugged on the bands holding her secure. Then a look of horror as the men advanced with the lid. Sliding it from the bottom so Cheryl could witness the girl’s growing realisation of her fate as her mouth opened for one last scream as the lid was placed into position. Two of the guys screwed it down then stood back. You could just see the coffin jerking a little

“We were amazed Cheryl. Your tutor kept tugging and screaming long after we’d finished filming that bit. Only after someone banged on the side and say they’d ‘cut’ did she pipe down.”

The next scene showed the coffin being carried out into the cemetery, Father Gerald leading the way. A later shot showed them approaching the grave. Rain was sweeping across the place and they only got a few feet closer then the film stopped suddenly. Getting a disappointed sigh from Cheryl

“That’s as far as they got. One of the young men slipped and nearly dropped the casket so we stopped it there. Too risky to continue. We got the coffin back inside and freed Rosanna and got everyone dried off. So then, for a first attempt on film what do you think?” he asked a now flushed visitor.

“Well sir,” she chuckled. “Not exactly Hammer House quality but for a bunch of friends, it's not bad. Cannot believe Rosanna was still in the casket when you took it outside mind.”

Father Gerald nodded. “Yes, I’ve heard there are people who have a fascination with this, never met one, unless your Rosanna is?” and of course Cheryl didn’t know. The screen flickered again to show the group all together. Four men holding small placards with their names, a smiling Rosanna now in a normal print dress doing the same, alongside Father Gerald, his saying ‘The Vicar, as himself!

“I think this time they’d have been a lot better. She and a couple of the young men were here during the week dropping off the new casket and the outfits along with a lot more camera gear. It’s all downstairs. I was most disappointed when she called me earlier…in fact there’s the phone ringing again…come on,” he said so they both hurried downstairs.

The call however was for Cheryl from the breakdown people, so he handed it to her. The youngster being told what time the mechanic would be there as they were very busy tonight as an emergency had come in. “That’s OK, I’m actually out of the car in a local church…yes, that was him you spoke to. So I’m nice and warm thanks. Being offered another coffee too it seems,” she said as Father Gerald raised the cup with a questioning look and getting a polite nod in return. The call ended and she replaced the receiver. A second message was then left on the parents answerphone updating them so they obviously weren’t back yet.

“About another hour or maybe a bit more. They’re now very busy tonight, so as I’m safe he’s doing another repair first as the lady has two young children with her and a flat tyre,” she said telling Father Gerald about the delay.

She was still thinking about the film though. Seeing Rosanna like that was getting Cheryl a little bit warm in places too polite to mention in current company so she slipped off to the ‘restroom’ to gather her thoughts and do a bit of dabbing!

Returning for more coffee and biscuits, her mum would frown no doubt but out of sight out of mind and eventually Cheryl couldn’t help herself.

“So how were they improving the film then? You said she was here earlier in the week,” and he paused then nodded with a faint smile as he went to the cupboard and took out a folder. It appeared to be their script and he opened it up, yes, she saw as he handed it over. Same hand-drawn pictures and lines of text like last year’s play. Even the same spidery lettering that had provoked complaints. Especially from those with very neat handwriting like herself!

“There’s a lot more of them coming, or at least there were, all the cameras along with the outfits were dropped off earlier, in fact the lights are already assembled for the church scene next door. That’s why Rosanna was using a minibus because they’re using more cameras at once so it doesn’t take so long. Last time they were here till 3am. They’ve also brought a new casket and this one has a glass lid. So, they’ll be able to film her reactions once she’s been lowered into the grave… there’s also a tiny camera that can be mounted inside, just above her head, about this big?” he said, holding his fingers an inch or so apart.”

Cheryl nodded. “Yes, we call them Go-Pro’s.” He smiled and carried on. “So using that you’d see the view from her point as the earth hits the top…slowly covering the glass until she’s plunged into utter darkness, it has a microphone too so you’d hear her crying as the thumps of the earth continuing until she’s completely buried alive…”

Just the way he’d said it was really starting to affect Cheryl now as her fingers were trembling, even the vicar paused, worried that he might have upset his guest.

“Wow, I know she has a vivid imagination, you should have seen last year’s play we did. But never this. Though I cannot understand how she’d be able to breathe once the lid is screwed down. When we’re doing a rehearsal she’s always very careful about safety,” Cheryl said. The vicar nodding in approval. Their tutor really had taught the kids well. He went upstairs and retrieved the laptop and came back down and set it up, rewound the disk and froze a scene, zooming in on the coffin wall just above Rosanna’s head. You could just make out a hole covered by gauze fabric that matched the sides, but on the normal speed shots you’d miss it.

“There, see that patch there? It covers a hole through which they blew fresh air. There’s another below her feet but it doesn’t appear at all. I’m assuming the new one will be the same design, but I haven’t looked at it closely. They connect a pipe to each end, once the coffin was lowered into the grave she’d be alright. The shots would be looking straight down at the middle of the casket so you’d not see them. Still don’t know why she wanted or wants to go down there rather than using a weighted coffin. Maybe you could ask her next week?”

Cheryl grinned, trying to imagine how she’d broach the subject to her tutor, mentioning this to her host and he smiled wryly. “Do they do detentions at college” and she squealed with laughter now. looking at her watch. Still an hour to go as she swigged another mouthful of cooling coffee. Bit gritty this time as he’d used the last of a jar, having tea himself rather than opening a fresh one…because he’d run out!

A pause then she smiled again… “You said the stuff is already here?” and he nodded cautiously.

“May I have a look at it all, please?” was the question he’d half-expected for some while, seeing how interested this kid was in the idea.

“Well really I should have asked Rosanna first, but you know her better than me I suppose. I’m sure she wouldn’t mind. But let’s keep this between ourselves, yes?” and she beamed, coming over and to his surprise Cheryl gave him a hug!

Father Gerald led the trembling youngster down the passageway into another room. Tripods, wiring loops and metal boxes all over the place with two cavernous wardrobes nearby. No sign of the casket itself and she tried not to look that disappointed. Assuming that would be in another room all set up for the ‘shutting in’ scene.

“Yes, next door as that one leads into the church. But this is what they’ll all have been wearing,” he said, opening both wardrobe doors wide. Cheryl peered inside and like all girls her eyes went straight to several bridal gowns at one end along with other dresses suitable for bridesmaids and a skirt-suit as well. Opened boxes containing shoes of various types, colours and all heeled of course. There was even a tiara and sheets of filmy material nearby on a shelf.

The men represented by a whole rail of suits, but all in black with rows of shoes underneath. “All these are from your ‘Props department’ I think she called it?” and the girl agreed. Their college was one of the leading players in Art & Drama outside of London. They had rooms full of outfits for all shapes and sizes of people. “Think this covers at least one of our rooms alone!” she chuckled as he pointed to something in the mens’ section.

“They even managed to find vestments that actually fitted me this time. We had to reshoot one scene last year when I tripped over my feet when we were trying to stop her running off, I think you call that an out-take yes?” he said as did a smiling Cheryl. Her hands reaching of course into the wardrobe, so she looked back at him…in hope?

“Go on then, have a closer look,” he said with an eye-roll, so Cheryl did. Picking out one of the blush pink bridesmaid dresses first and holding it up against herself then going to a full length mirror.

“Very nice young lady, I’ll let you have a while looking then just call out when you’re finished and we’ll go next into the church. I’ll go and get some lights up and running, yes?”

She smiled and put the dress back as he left, closing the door with a faint ‘thump’ and she paused, looking over but the key was on her side. It was surely too good an opportunity to miss…

“Going to be that one…”

Father Gerald walked in once she’d called out she was ready, a surprise rather than she’d finished and come out on her own. He stared at her, amazed that in twenty minutes or so Cheryl had transformed herself into one of the loveliest ‘brides’ that had crossed his threshold in the last forty years!

Cheryl herself was in heaven as she’d selected the gown she wanted at the fourth attempt. Not the big meringue that Rosanna had worn but one that suited her better on holding it up against her trembling body, and it was only one size bigger than herself! A long look and listen to the door and she removed her own dress and quickly hung it up. Cheryl unzipped the gown then worked out how to get into it unaided. No wonder real brides have assistants to help her, she thought.

Holding it up she stepped inside then slid her arms down and flipped it over her shoulders. Reaching around and she eased the fastener up. Being swallowed in a wave of heavy satin and silky femininity as she clipped it into the top. Almost crying as she looked into the mirror having never been a bridesmaid before. The tiara was weaved into her hair, thankful she’d not had it restyled for the party. Took Cheryl a few goes to fit two veils then remember to put some heels on or this thing would drag on the floor.

“Should have done your footwear earlier sweetie like you do at home,” she muttered, almost toppling over trying to slide four-inch strappy stilettos on without unbuckling them. Another tug and she was done. Lowering the veils over her head then calling out to Father Gerald.

For a moment the couple stared at each other. Cheryl suddenly worried he’d tell her off as he’d said looking and nothing about wearing, the vicar a little surprised that she’d done it so quickly. Seemed obvious to him that the girl wanted to feel how Rosanna had been…so how far could he take the girl?

“My dear child, you look adorable, though I should have known you’d actually get into one,” he said, taking a blushing Cheryl’s hands and raising both towards him, delivering the briefest of pecks to them. “You don’t mind then?” she asked and he said it wasn’t a problem. “Rosanna spent too long in here as well, and one of the guys had to nag her because they had things to do.”

“It’s just us here my dear. Now listen, as you’ve got this far we’re going to do something truly special, young lady. Only your Miss Rosanna has so far and we didn’t finish. So please promise me Cheryl that once we leave here that you’ll obey everything I ask of you. Will you do this?” and of course she did.

“I will,” she whispered, so he kissed her fingers again. “Good girl.”

“Shall we proceed into the church then, getting excited?” He asked and she nodded eagerly. Getting a few feet further then he stopped and looked back. “Forgot the light switch, wait here,” he chuckled and returned to the room and inside. Grabbing something from the boxes she’d missed then coming out and turning off the lights. Only the faintest of illumination coming from the open door that led into the main part of the church. His hand taking hers and he could feel the girl was trembling now…

“You feeling alright my dear?” he asked and she nodded. “Yes, just trying not to trip over my dress hem. I’ve never worn anything like this before, it’s far heavier that it looks,” she grinned as did he. She didn’t dare say that on her left thigh was a red elastic garter she’d found near the tiara.

Coming through the archway and she gasped, seeing the rows of candles alongside the pews leading up to the floodlit altar. Not clearly of course, two layers of silky fabric distorting the view but the general effect was stunning.

He cocked an arm and Cheryl slid hers through, Father Gerald cradling her hand with his and the longest of pauses. “Begin the walk young missy and take it slowly…”

Cheryl was almost in tears as she carefully paced alongside her ‘Father’. The heavy dress ebbing and flowing around her ankles. The sensation nothing like the wrap-around bed-sheets tried at home when everyone was out at work

Goodness it was a struggle in these damn shoes but eventually they made it to the altar. Even under the veils she could see all the regalia covered up, tripods and lighting rigs ready. A shame the cameras were still in the boxes but she now knew how Rosanna had felt.

“Well done my dear. Not used to the view from this angle, I’m normally waiting here with the nervous groom,” he murmured and a breathless Cheryl nodded. Still amazed that she really was doing this. They stood for a while then she flinched as he reached up and drew the veils back and allowed her to see properly as she twisted one way then the other…wow!

Cheryl looked down and asked if she could pray. Slightly startling for Father Gerald despite this being his normal place of work. “Of course my dear. I’ll let you have a few moments alone, yes?” and she nodded. The vicar fetching a cushion then helping the girl down before quietly walking off. Returning five minutes later to see her still there, eyes closed and murmuring to herself.

“Happy now?” and she smiled as he helped the girl to her feet, reaching for her hands and another kiss before saying it was time to go. Taking the veils off and they were folded and placed in his pocket. She nodded and went to turn but… “Wait a moment Cheryl. Now I don’t expect you to run, you’d probably trip over like Rosanna did at least twice,” he began and she chuckled. “More out-takes then?”

“Quite so. I would however like you to wear these,” he said at last. Pulling out a pair of handcuffs and a key then unlocked them. Her eyes bulged as wide as during their first conversation and he saw the faintest of trembles as instinct fought against her agreement to obey his requests. Another nod.

“Place your wrists behind your back Cheryl, please,” he said, going behind her. Easing the cuff around her right one first then she shuddered a lot more once he’d locked it. Even a faint gasp as her left joined in and he let go. Her fingers were really twitching now.

“Take it you’ve never been arrested before then?” he grinned coming around the front and a nervous and breathy ‘no…I’ve always been a good girl. Well, couple of spankings but guess I deserved them,” and he smiled. “Me too. Pure choirboy material, well maybe…” And that joke settled her a bit as he stood there and then reached for her. Hands onto that waist and drew Cheryl in. Her eyes widening slightly but she guessed what he wanted. “Just this once,” she breathed and he nodded. Kissing the girl full on the lips and she responded!

“Anything else?” she asked with a grin once that was over. He blushed a little himself and thought about it. “Wait a moment, now don’t run off” he chuckled then walked away, leaving her there helpless! The girl trying not to overbalance as she stared up at the wall seeing where the cross was covered with a sheet.

Father Gerald returned carrying a long strip of cloth. Showing it to Cheryl and telling her that wearing this over her eyes would heighten the sense of anticipation when he led her back down the aisle. She’d have to rely on his support to get to the coffin room. For a moment the youngster was uneasy about it, especially wearing these cuffs already. But maybe if she said no then he’d tell her this was all over and she’d not get a chance to have a go in the casket.

“OK, she breathed, “but please be gentle, yes? It’s getting a little scary for me.” He paused and nodded, coming closer and rubbing her shoulders, promising Cheryl it’ll be alright as she stared up into his face.

She braced herself and closed both eyes as ordered as he went behind. Flinching as the cloth was placed just over the bridge of her nose then wrapped twice around her head and tied off. The effect was staggering and she wobbled a little on those daft heels but his hands soon supported her.

“OK now? How’s that Cheryl, feeling alright?” he asked and she could barely nod. This was getting her a little bit worried, but trouble being it was SO exciting as well.

“Yes, I’m fine…” and she paused for a moment. “Would you kiss me again,” she whispered. Their lips met and went on for a while. “Thought you said you were a good girl?” he murmured as they paused to take air, she grinned ‘well most of the time’ in reply before another smooch.

Once that was over he thanked Cheryl, allowed her to calm down again then began leading her back down the aisle. His hand slid across her back, the other just resting on her midriff in case she stumbled but the way he was supporting her, kissing her too was stirring up emotions that she’d never believed were possible.

Arriving back at the archway and another ‘wait’ as he went down the short corridor and unlocked the door. Then telling her to follow but she waited and he came up. “Forgot you couldn’t see me,” he chuckled, getting a pale smile from his captive. Again placing his hands and drawing the shaking girl into the room where she knew HER coffin was going to be. It was inevitable now and they entered and, once positioned, he carefully removed the blindfold. As her eyes recovered she saw it in real life.

The dark wood all around, pale grey material inside. That glass lid raised up at one side and she looked down into it. Seeing the pillow at one end, but it was those straps in various places and she knew where they were going soon enough.

Father Gerald unlocked her cuffs, Cheryl immediately bringing her arms around the front and rubbing her wrists. Least she hadn’t worn them long enough to mark her but it sure was nice to be free as he placed them on the desk. Coming back to stand in front of her as the girl began to tremble. Cheryl walked into his arms and hugged him, head going into his shoulder. His hands sliding around her satin clad body and rubbing. It felt so right and so wrong as well. Breaking off and an embarrassed grin before looking down at the casket.

Her trembling fingers pointed… “May I…get in it please?” she whispered, and he paused then nodded. She smiled broadly now, rushed in for another hug then began to prepare herself. Reaching down and undoing the various straps then awaiting his help. Brushing dirt off her shoes then watching as he laid a mat at the base so her heels wouldn’t damage the padding below ‘Like Rosanna’s did in the old casket, went straight though. Thankfully she was good at repairs with needle and thread and fixed it herself’.

Cheryl stepped into her coffin as he held her hands then moved both onto her waist. Once she was steady he produced two thick straps which he indicated were to go above and below her knees. A blushing youngster thus had to hitch her dress up and allow him to apply both. His fingers…oooh they definitely lingered on checking each was tight enough. “What was that about choirboy material?” she joked and it was his turn to go red as he allowed her to drop the gown again.

Cheryl braced herself as his hands returned to her waist, looking behind her as they slid up and under her shoulders. The girl convinced they’d brushed her breasts on the way past but dare not say a word. He told her to relax and let him take her weight. Lowering the shaking teenager till she was sitting down, the dress bunched under her backside. Hands onto the edge and a bit of humping as he tugged it out and tidied her up.

Now it was time and he reached for the first strap and wrapped it over her ankle, Cheryl trying not to smile, he’d definitely stroked her calf afterwards. Tugging it firmly and doing the buckle then asking her to lift…but no movement. “Good, I’ll do the other, yes?” So she smiled as it was secured…and another rubbing of leg…naughty! The youngster leaning both elbows on the edge and tried to lift again. “Left one needs a little tightening please,” and he obeyed. Next was the moment she’d wanted as his arms came back onto her waist then slid up…just ‘passing’ her breasts again as she tried not to grin.

“Lie back my dear, till you’re happy and comfortable, here we go,” and that phrase got her shaking again as he helped her down. Her head soon resting on the pillow and she arranged her hair. He reached either side of her neck and brough the heavy padded strap across. Sliding the tab into the buckle then telling her to adjust the length till she felt it was alright. She did so and he could see she was fine and the faint grin meant she was obviously loving this, just like Miss Rosanna then!

“Breathe in please,” was next and she complied and the big waist strap was tugged across. “Tighter please,” she smiled and he did. Now unable to get a finger underneath it. He nodded then took her hands, kissed both then undid her wrist buttons and put two mitten style gloves on. These held her fingers together then the vicar redid her sleeves. “Don’t want those little pinkies undoing the straps eh?” she grinned and he smiled. Laying the arms alongside her body with hands facing downwards. Doing the ones for her upper arms nice and snug first, then the last two secured her wrists and she was finished. He went around again and tightened a couple and Cheryl was trying not to cry with happiness at how she felt once he’d said it was complete.

“Have a wriggle now,” he said and Cheryl tried. Flexing and tugging but there was little chance of her moving any part of her body. “I can’t,” she sighed and smiled when he said that was good and would she now close her eyes please.

When she got home tonight she was going to look up this sort of thing on her computer. See how common it was amongst her generation.

She tried not to twitch when his hand landed just above her waist restraint. “May I? Just this once my dear,” he murmured and she paused then smiled up at him but kept both eyes closed as ordered. She didn’t want him to see into her mind and read some naughty thoughts! “Not as if I could resist anyway, but thank you for asking,” She replied, knowing…yes.

His fingers gently slid upwards and brushed her breasts again, starting to rub the nipples and he felt Cheryl shuddering as she pulled on her bonds, mouth opening… so a finger rested on her lips. “Sssh my dear girl. Just relax and I’m sure you’ll like it, yes?” Her chest rising and falling more quickly now as he did something that nobody’s hands had done to her body except her own. The girl startled to feel a little damp below as one of his fingers was now touching the dress just above where her super private place was, and nobody had been there yet!

A faint gasp as it began a circular motion, his other hand going across her mouth and another gentle ‘sssh’ as she wriggled a little harder. So whose were the fingers still giving her nipples such attention? But she dared not open her eyes to see so she just lay there and tried to suppress the growing feelings. After a few minutes the various hands stopped, getting a faint and was that a disappointed sigh?

“OK now?” and she nodded. “Yeah, you were right. I enjoyed that,” she wheezed, trying to calm down. Her opened eyes flicking upwards to the lid and he stared then nodded but least he was on his own. Reaching into his pocket and the veils emerged. He applied them as best he could, raising her head a bit and tucking them underneath. ’Thank you’ she mouthed, her teeth shining under the material. “How’s that then Cheryl, feeling alright?” and she smiled and shuffled in her coffin, knowing only he’d be able to free her now.

“It’s wonderful, I’m fine and ready to be sealed in, then for you to perform the rest of it eh?” she whispered with another smile. The vicar looked down then came alongside and knelt by her head. His hands cradling her face, leaning closer till he was staring into her veiled but sparkling eyes. “Is this what you truly want my dear. Wonderful things can happen if you ask for them. Would you want to be delivered safely to the graveside and…then?” and she paused then winked at him.

“Yes please, find some way to bury me alive as well.”

So, a last pat of hands and he brought the lid across, the ‘clump’ making her shake again. He stepped away from the coffin then she listened as something was attached above her head but outside. Father Gerald appeared down the other side and she could vaguely see a tube in his hands as he bent down near the base… Oh it’s the breathing ones, she thought, feeling a slight draught of air starting from above. A few clicks before he stepped away then returned alongside. Showing her something in his hands, shiny and small but…ah yes. A screw.

He really was screwing her coffin closed. Cheryl tugging slightly on her bonds, feelings rioting now and she tried hard to breathe slower. Though she knew about the tubes she didn’t want to run out. Up one side and down the other he went. Eight in all as she’d counted each as it was held up.

Then he returned to the base and stood there holding a book up. Play-acting the ‘blessing’ but Cheryl dared not scream or struggle. She was just trying not to smile!

Finally after a moment he bent down and patted the glass just above her veiled face. ‘Waving’ her farewell and soon the lights dimmed then went off. Cheryl closed her eyes as well and listened, but all she could hear was her own breathing.

Lying there helpless, the coffin slightly moving too she thought for a moment or so. She was trembling now, fingers trying to get to the buckles but being hands facing down it was useless. She knew they were behind her wrists and tightly done… because she’d asked him to do it like that. If only they could carry on…

“Hmmm, take me outside into the night,” she whispered. “I’m wearing the prettiest of gowns, safely bound and locked in here. I can still breathe alright and he knows that I love what he’s done to me tonight…so please carry…” she murmured then realised after another tug…

That the coffin WAS on the move!

She opened her eyes, seeing little as it was dark, then the faintest of lights as they passed through the entranceway, moments later Cheryl saw moonlight as it emerged from the clouds, so now she WAS outside…but who was carrying her? The casket gently rocking in a swaying motion, it was almost comforting and she struggled to stay awake before it swung around. The moon going from bottom right to top left. A bump as the coffin landed on something then figures appeared on either side. Hooded and black clad, no faces and she listened to something being attached to the sides. “It must be the straps on the handles,” she said.

“So they can lower me into MY grave…”

Cheryl waited for ages then yes, it was lifted up then a pause before a faint jolting then she saw the earth walls appearing in the moonlight alongside her casket. Deeper she went and the light faded as the cloud covered the Lunar surface…

“Just like the earth will soon be covering,,,ME!”

‘Thump!’ came the sound and Cheryl tugged harder on her bonds. Then another, this time right over her face and even now in the glow off the thin clouds she could see the clumps of earth sliding across the curved glass. Leaving smears on it and distorting the view more than the silk layers covering her face. Moving and tickling her nose each time she breathed.

More of the same, mostly from the bottom by her feet and she assumed they were doing that so her face would be the last thing that anyone would see of her in this life. Then she’d really be BURIED alive! Whispering it to herself over and over again. Wishing they’d hurry up and finish then lay the sod over the top. Tugging again on her restraints as the hole above grew smaller, the light changing slightly and becoming orange but it was still there and the thumping was getting louder…

“You alright ma’am?” a voice said, shattering the calm and Cheryl squealed, tugging her wrists that had got snagged on her seatbelt as she sat up from the reclined position of the passenger seat. Staring at the surprised look on the uniformed repair man who’d just opened the door. Orange lights from his van behind the car flashing away as she stared incomprehensibly at him.

“Sorry to wake you up ma’am. You look like you’ve seen a ghost, or more than one,” he chuckled as the girl reached out and they shook hands. Cheryl fought her way out of the blanket then the guy helped her out of the vehicle and onto both feet. She staggered a little before grabbing the doorframe and starting to smile a bit more.

“Bloody hell, that was one heck of a dream,” Cheryl sighed and he grinned at realising she wasn’t drunk but had been asleep for what, two hours or maybe more?

She paused and frowned though as he dug out his little computer to plug into her Mini. How had he known where to find her if she hadn’t made the call? She obviously hadn’t been to the church, hadn’t seen Father Gerald, and most disappointingly hadn’t worn that lovely dress and been almost buried. Then remembering of course that walk up the hill earlier.

Lenny, her saviour, pointed to another young man walking up the path from the church carrying two steaming drinks. “Thought you folks might like these,” he said handing them over.

“Father Edward here,” the mechanic said. “He was out walking his dogs when he found your car out the front, lights on but no sign of you. He knows the phone signal is rubbish down here, assumed you went up the road a little and onto the hilltop to make your call. When you were still here two hours later he came out, saw you asleep in the passenger seat and didn’t want to wake you up, so he called me, I live five minutes away, checked to see with my lot and found Jeff, the guy who was coming to you is still at his previous job, I was at home or you’d be here all night. It’s late enough already.”

A worried Cheryl staring at the kindly vicar. Must only be in his thirties and a pleasant look on his face, changing only when one of the dogs rushed up the path. “Gerald,” he snapped as the animal tried to lick his new-found friends like all dogs do. “Do you want to ring someone, parents, boyfriend even?” the vicar asked and a flushing Cheryl asked for the time…shocked to find it was nearly 11pm!

“They’re going to kill me,” she cursed looking at the pair. “Mum and dad, I really should have knocked on the door straight away, saw the lights and them going on and off. Just didn’t want you thinking it was trick-or-treaters,” and the men chuckled and finally she did too, also realising she desperately needed that wee now. Accepting the offer of the call and Father Edward led the way while Lenny worked on.

They came into the warm and once a hugely relieved and empty Cheryl returned from the bathroom, she headed straight for the phone. A puzzled Father Edward now wondering how she knew where it was as she picked up the handset. Awkwardly mounted on the pillar by the breakfast bar and hidden except the last few feet, yet she’d gone directly to it….hmmm. More observant than I thought as she began speaking. Trying to apologise to a very relieved sounding parent as she stood there trembling a little.

He indicated he wanted to speak to the recipient, so she said, “Hang on mum, Father Ted wants…” and she stopped dead. “Oh gosh, I’m so sorry Sir,” blushing away but he chuckled warmly and took it off her, already hearing loud giggling from the other end of the line. “Not the first and you won’t be the last missy. Good evening ma’am, I’m Father Edward Host, I believe you’re this splendid young lady’s mother?” as the girl mouthed ‘Cheryl’ and he repeated it.

“Yes that’s right, she’s fine and safe…in fact Lenny’s just come in too,” as the mechanic arrived at the kitchen door. Bringing the now empty cups. They put the phone on speaker, and he said what the problem was. ‘Just a sensor’ and Cheryl groaned. A silly switch costing a few pennies had ruined her whole night. But least it wasn’t a problem her dad would have foreseen so it wasn’t her fault and that made the youngster feel a bit happier about things.

It was now fixed so she’d be home in what twenty minutes? A nod and the call ended with Cheryl’s mum thanking the pair profusely. “Can see where you learned your manners missy, what a lovely lady.” Going outside to the car just as another breakdown vehicle from the same firm turned up. The two guys having a laugh about the double booking and allowing a grateful girl to head home.

A lovely lady, anxiously waiting for her girl, and finally she arrived. “Mum I’m so sorry,” Cheryl said as she rushed in for a hug. “Just didn’t think, OK?” and thankfully Jodie accepted it. Telling her daughter that they’d still won the quiz as the music questions had all been their era rather than Cheryl’s. Another hot drink was taken then the girl was ordered off to bed as it was well after 11pm. Her father already asleep because he was on earlies this weekend. She obeyed and went off to her room. Handbag stowed away and Cheryl kicked off her shoes then wriggled out of the dress…stopping in shock, as around her left leg…was a red elastic garter!

“How the hell…” she exclaimed and took it off but at that moment mum knocked on the door and was told to wait…as always. Quickly the girl stuffed the garter into a nearby pocket, donned her bathrobe and bade Jodie enter. Mum pleased the girl had calmed down from her night’s adventures. Giving her daughter a hug and kiss then after she’d finished in the bathroom(too long!) had packed her into bed. Leaving her there and sweeping up the basket of dirty washing then off with the lights.

Took Cheryl a very long time to get to sleep that night. The youngster thinking about what had or maybe had not happened. A faint smile thinking about that dress and she finally dozed off. Awaking next morning at coffee time as Jodie entered with a steaming cup at 1030!

“Morning dear,” Jodie said with a puzzling smile and that put the youngster on guard. They exchanged hugs then mum sat on the edge of the bed, tugging the garter out of her pocket and showing it to a wide-eyed and very embarrassed daughter.

“Can you explain this to me, young lady?” she said, seeing Cheryl’s cheeks beginning to burn redder than the material! “Do I have to?” was the reply and a smiling parent nodded ‘yes’. The girl sighed, “If I did, you’d never believe it, honest!” and Jodie chuckled and patted her girl’s hands so she wasn’t angry at all, just curious.

“Listen sweetie, I’m one of four sisters who were used to needing all sorts of excuses ready for things like this and we were very creative. Your dear grannie Catherine heard them all from us. So then, I love a good story, so what’s your excuse honey?”.

Cheryl nodded with a grin and took a breath. “Well mum, it was a dark and foggy night…”

The End.
