---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Submissive Future
authors:
- Mr. Deel
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- femdom
- naked
- bfold
- bond
- cuffs
- straps
- gag
- bdsm
- crop
- tease
- torment
- oral
- sex
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-02-26 00:00:00
---

He was naked. He felt naked, exposed, and vulnerable, it was as if he was being judged sitting there on the stool. In a way he was, his commitment was being judged, how far was she going to take him this time? They had discussed the possibilities, but previous sessions were more... relaxed. Tonight, she was demanding, not harsh, but demanding, Her tone, her body language, everything. Tonight was not going to be about him at all, tonight was going to be about her and her needs. He was okay with that. She was somewhat intimidating, as she was slightly taller than he was, about five foot ten. Black corset with red lace outline, and matching leather boots, Her long black hair had a slight curl to it and was pulled back into a high ponytail, and even then it still fell to well below her shoulders. This woman meant business and he was salivating at the very sight of her. In a sense, she was his perfect woman.

He was ordered to sit there, with his attention turned toward the dimly lit access wall, it was a cool blue color that carried an orange tint to it thanks to the candlelight. The first order of business came when his world went black thanks a folded silk cloth cast over his eyes, it was ironically comforting, and yet nerve-wracking at the some time. The smooth silk stuck to his face, and even more so as it was tightly knotted at the back of his head. Now blinded, he swallowed hard, his heart already racing, minor hints of a cold sweat breaking out. A small part of him wanted out, however if he did, he would fail this test.

Next, he heard the faint clang of metal, followed by The Mistress grabbing his right arm and pulling it roughly behind his back. With a rather loud click his wrist had been encircled by a rather large steel band at least three inches long. His fate further cemented as the same was done to his left arm and one final click and the two were attached to each other by a rather short chain, sharply pulling his shoulders back and forcing his chest out.
She seductively walked around him, dragging her satin gloved hand over and around his body. “Poor guy,” she cooed, “it looks like it hurts. Want me to loosen it up a bit?” Michael, without a second though shook his head no.“What was that? I couldn't hear you.” Michael almost breathless with excitement said, “N-no, Mistress.” The Mistress wore a fiendish smile, and then planted a deep kiss right on Michael's lips, making sure to linger just a little too long. “Such a good, obedient boy you are.” Michael shivered as she ended her sentence, something inside him triggered when he was talked to like an animal, like a servant.
She gently guided Michael to a standing position and in doing so moved the stool he had been sitting on well out of reach. She retrieved a riding crop from a long table where she had set up all of her playthings. She stroked his bare skin with it, tracing every curve, down the arch of his back and finally give the left side of his ass a nice solid whack causing Michael to lump in a mixture a pain and surprise, a small yelp left his mouth. The Mistress then repeated on the opposite side, the element of surprise now gone, the pain remained, leaving bright red marks that seemed to glow in the dimly lit room. She then took the butt of the crop and gently, yet firmly pushed on the back of his right knee, bringing him down to one knee, followed quickly by the other that was already halfway there. She stood before him legs slightly spread apart, taking his head and bringing it to her, caressing him lovingly. She loved the sight of having him kneeling before her. It made her wet, this helpless man, had entrusted his well being to her, had willingly given her power over him. It made her overly wet.
She then guided his head to the wetness that trickled down her leg. “Clean it up like a good boy!” she commanded and in a instant he went to work with his tongue. Licking, kissing, sucking up and down the inside of her thighs. It was a never ending battle as it seemed to never end. All the while she ran the crop up and down Michael's back, giving him some light swatting along the way, causing him to jump, the jolt sending his tongue almost in to her awaiting pussy. She once took his head in her hands, running her fingers through his dark brown hair. It was short, but it was plenty to grab hold of.

Without warning, she plunged his face right into her aching pussy. Letting out a soft, breathy moan as he explored inside her with his mouth. In between gasps for air, he traced the insides of her with his tongue, slowly at first, he wanted to take his time, but it was clear she would have none of that as she once again shoved his face deeper in. He flicked his tongue eagerly along her clit, each time her body gave a small twitch. He repeated the process, faster, longer, the flicking soon turned to sucking causing the Mistress' breathing to grow shallower. Her heart rate rising, her climax was coming. “Yes... yes.... right there.”

It was there, that he gave the small nub of flesh a playful nibble with his teeth, and she exploded, her body completely shut down as the waves of her orgasm washed over her. She held him where he was, burying his face inside her contracting pussy as she came, some of it covering his face. As she came down she released her hold, and Michael was sent back lightly gasping for air. Michael couldn't see it, but she looked down at him, lovingly, lustfully, petting him as she ran her hand through his hair. Congratulating him on a job well done. He had passed his first test with flying colors.

Michael felt a band of leather being fastened and tightened around his neck. Followed by a small click and then a tug upward, guiding him to his feet. He panicked a little bit, he had been collared and leashed, and his heart skipped a couple of beats. This was all new territory for him he didn't know what it meant. She could easily choke him to death if she wanted to, and hopefully she did not want to. He had to admit though, the act of dominance, and the heightened dangers that his mind played out excited him immensely. He pulse quickening he was lead to one of the large, sturdy wooden bedposts and forcefully pushed against it.

The Mistress quickly produced a few thick two-inch wide leather straps and tightly strips him to the post, just below his shoulders. She then proceeds to repeat the process across his stomach making breathing a bit more difficult, and further pinning his arms. Three more straps are attached across the thighs, just below the knees, and at the ankles. Michael has now essentially become part of the bed, his movement restricted to a slight wiggle, which was even further taken away as she went back and double tightened each strap. Breathing became even more difficult and at times he felt like he was going to pass out.

She pressed her body against him, touching and feeling him all over. Kissing up and down his body. His breathing became short once again, and she was getting wet again. She took a clean pair of black lace panties and wiped her inner thighs with them before balling them up and shoving them in Michael's mouth. She followed this up by ripping off a few pieces of duct tape and plastering the strips over his mouth, he wouldn't need to be using for a while anyway. Blinded, gagged, and totally stuck, all the blood in his body seemed to run to his dick which was now incredibly hard, he tried to buck his hips in a silent plea for attention but the straps held firm.

He again felt the caress of the riding crop, the end playing ever so gingerly at his nipples. His body tensed waiting for the next strike, it never came. Instead a rather wet warmth enveloped his penis as she took him into her mouth. She proceeded painstakingly slow at first gripping him firmly, taking him all the way in her mouth, her lips just barely touching his balls, and then back out again dragging her tongue along all the way back out and giving him a clever swirl around the tip of his throbbing cock. Her seductive assault continued for another fifteen minutes and Michael couldn't take it anymore, he needed the release badly and it was coming.

Then she stopped, leaving his cock bobbing out in the open, she lightly kissed the tip and stood up, once again leaning her body firmly into his. “It's not quite time for that yet my pet...” she said, taking hold of the leash and pulling it slightly, the tension on Michael's neck increasing. “You're going to have to beg first.” she whispered, leaning into his ear. He hears her booted footsteps walk away from him and out the bedroom door, ending in the click of the closing door itself.

The silence, the anticipation and the denial was driving him mad. He had who knows how long to think about it. Helplessly strapped to that post was starting to take a toll on him. This woman was either extremely cruel, or insane, or both. He thought he had done everything she asked and here was was completely bound, and alone. Little did he know that his Mistress was just outside the door listening to her poor toy's muffled pleas. She couldn't help but giggle a little, she was enjoying this game too much. She couldn't help but the feel just a little bad for him, and maybe sometime in the near future she would allow him to return the favor for one night. The thought of her being in his position excited her a little more than she thought it would she couldn't help put touch herself at the thought.

She gave him a good hour to let Michael think about his predicament, meanwhile she had a glass of wine all the while within ear reach of her subservient playmate. She quietly entered the room, he made no noise. She gently stroked his cock and he immediately came to attention gagged moans escaping his mouth. She once again took him into her mouth and in a matter of moments he returned to full hardness again. It was time to claim what she really needed, and what he really wanted. She stood with her back to him reached behind her and grabbed him, guiding him into her. She rocked her hips and worked him all the way in. Slowly she slid him in and out and in again.

Soon her movements became automatic as she took one hand and held her long hair up, it teased Michael's face as she swayed. With the other hand she took hold of his leash and started to pull slightly using Michael as leverage. The motions became faster, repeated moans escaped both of them the sound of slick flesh on flesh filling in otherwise awkward silences. The harder she thrust downward, the harder she pulled. They were both getting close and just before she came, she said, “Cum for me pet!” in between breaths.

The magic words the Michael needed to hear as his half scream and half moaned and did as he was told. As the lips of her pussy clenched and tightened around his cock she pulled extra hard on the leash, the torque on his neck mixing the pain in the pleasure as his cock continued to pump his fluid into her. Her body convulsed her world went dark for a minute as she felt herself start to collapse just a bit, using Michael to brace herself. Silently panting, she was beaming thanks the incredible ride she had just had. She had had her fun, and she was getting tired, but she didn't want to let her toy go just yet....

so she didn't....

She undid the gag and gave Michael some water, which he thankfully took. She also undid the straps that secured him to the bedpost and eased him down onto the bed. Michael, thinking this amazing night was over was taken by surprise when the panties were stuffed back into his mouth, and fresh tape gag was wrapped three times around his head. His muffled protests grew ever more silent as the straps were tightly reapplied binding him once again. He thrashed a bit laying in the Mistress' bed she tied the leash to the headboard offering very limited movement.

She got in beside him and ran her hands over his body, petting, caressing, sweat glistening off of it. “I'm going to keep you around for a while pet, it would be shame if you got lost out there.” she said with a pout. “Besides, I have some errands for you in the morning, I know you're a good cook and breakfast will be in order.” It was right then that Michael knew that he was in for a long, and yet fulfilling weekend as the Mistress's property.
