---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: First Sucking
authors:
- Jake Smith
tags:
- FM-m
- D-s
- bond
- MM
- reluct-cons
- XX
---

Dan and I had been enjoying a drink
and the subject came around to our sex lives. Dan is Gay and I am straight, but
we have been friends for years.  We
had never discussed sex before but I was curious about his Gay life style and
Dan was answering some of my questions about his life style. He was quite open
to me and I found it very interesting.

Of course it was a two sided
conversation and I was sharing some of my experiences and fantasies with him.

I had not told anyone about my main
fantasy, except my wife who thought it was perverted. It was that I dream about
being dominated, used and even beaten. It felt good to tell some one and not
have them recoil in horror, in fact Dan told me that he to enjoyed the S&M
scene. He had tried it a number of times and had been both dominant and
submissive. He told me how much he liked it and I confessed how much I dreamed
about it.  He had a female friend who
was also gay and in to domination. He was sure that if I was interested he could
arrange for me to spend a night in her “care”. Also if I was agreeable he
would join in as he preferred the dominant side.

Was there any doubt what my answer
would be? I was a little embarrassed because I was actually shaking with
excitement. Dan would set it up and get back to me.

About the longest two weeks I have
ever spent later I was sitting in Dan’s friend Erin’s living room, ready to
start the night. She asked me if I had any likes or dislikes and how I would
like the night to proceed. I told her that as I had really no idea I would put
myself in their hands. When she Asked me if I wanted a safe word, I thought
about it for a moment and declined. If I was to be helpless and at there mercy I
wanted to go all the way. Besides I trusted that Dan would not let any permanent
injury happen to me and I could survive anything else.

It wasn’t long and I was in the
basement, naked, my hands tied behind my back, kneeling before
Erin
. She was dressed in skin tight jeans and a black bra. My
cock was so hard I thought it would explode. I had dreamed about being dominated
for so long and now I was bound and helpless and it was going to happen.

Erin
 walked around me and then explained the rules. “ You will
address me as Mistress and Dan as Master. Any thing else will double your
punishment, and I guarantee that you will not want that. Your cock looks like it
would like a nice pussy” she grabbed my hair and yanked my head back.” but
it is shit out of luck. There will be no pussy tonight, but if you are lucky your
tongue may get a taste. You are mine and I will do with you as I please.”
Erin
 ordered me to stand and slowly walked around me. She ran her
hand over my body and down to cup my balls. She grabbed my cock and giving it a
hard squeeze she used it as a leash and walked me to the middle of the room.
With Dan’s help my hands were untied and then retied over my head. Then a
spreader bar was tied between my ankles spreading my legs wide. A ball gag was
forced into my mouth and I was blindfolded. 
I was left standing there for what seemed like and eternity, although it
was probably only a half hour. All the fantasies I had dreamed about were
running through my head, and also the fear of what may be coming. I will admit
that being at the mercy of of a relative stranger scared me somewhat, but that
only made me more excited.

The unexpected lash across my as made
me jump and moan into my gag. After a short pause another landed, and then
another. With my sight taken away from me I could not tell when they would
arrive and each was a wonderful surprise.
Erin
 took her time and varied the timing of her whipping. She
would deliver 3 or 4 in rapid succession and then wait a minute or two between
blows. Too my limited experience she was a master with the whip. She varied how
hard she whipped me, as well as the timing, but the blows were getting
progressively more severe. After about a half hour I was moaning and my ass was
on fire.

The whipping stopped and I was left to
enjoy my burning ass. I could hear them moving around, coming and going from the
room. I realized early that part of her plan was to leave me and let my
imagination run wild and it was working. The suspense was driving me wild. As
much as my ass hurt, I wanted more. She had given me a taste and my appetite was
building.  The gag was removed and
Erin
 stroked my swollen cock.

“Did You like that?” she asked.

“yes.” I moaned.

“Yes what?” she asked giving my cock
a squeeze.

“Yes Mistress,” I moaned “ I liked
it very much! Thank you!” 

“Because I am a friend of Dan’s, and you are a
bondage virgin, I am going to do something I have never done before.” she
said, “I am going to give you a choice. If you want, I will release you right
now and you can leave and go home to your prudish little wife. On the other
hand, if you decide to stay, I will decide your fate. You will be totally under
my control for the rest of the night. You will be my play thing and will submit
to and endure anything I wish. You may think that you have fantasized about
being dominated, but I guarantee it will be nothing compared to what you will
experience tonight. Think about it for a while!”

With that she started to leave me to
my decision.

Before she made it to the stairs I had
made up my mind.  “Please
Mistress!” I cried “Please use me as you wish. I wish to be your slave and
please you. I am yours!! Please enjoy me!” I had surrendered my self totally.

The spreader bar was removed and I was
given a stool to stand on. The ropes were readjusted on my wrists and when my
stool was removed I hung with my feet off the floor. The helplessness I had felt
in my self bondage was nothing compared to what I felt now.

Without the gag I let out a yell as a
lash fell on my swollen cock and then immediately on my ass. Dan had obviously
joined in and one whipped my cock and the other my ass. I jerked and twisted as
lash after lash landed. My yelling and begging only seemed to spur them on with
more enthusiasm. Even with my suffering, my cock stuck straight out presenting
itself as a target for their whips.

I started to beg them to stop, but all
I got for that was the gag shoved back in my mouth forcing me to endure my
torment in relative silence.  The
next couple of hours was a blur. I was whipped, clamps were placed on my nipples
and the tip of my cock. I was untied and then retied it all sorts of revealing
positions. A strap was fastened around the base of my cock and weights were
added until I thought my cock would be pulled off. 
I was forced to kneel on the floor on a sheet of plywood. My ankles and
knees were tied to rings in the wood, and then my wrists were tied behind my
back and pulled up behind me by a rope running to the ceiling, causing me to
stay erect on my knees. The gag was removed and then the blindfold. Inches in
front of my face was Dan’s swollen cock.

“Suck it!” screamed
Erin

Suck another mans cock! I could never do
that!

Nothing I had experience compared to
the blast that fell across my ass.
Erin
 now stood there with a wicked looking bamboo cane. 
Lights flashed in my head and and my breath was taken away as the cane
landed again!

“Suck It” she yelled.

I couldn’t suck a cock!

The cane landed again!

“Suck it!”

I leaned forward and started to take
Dan’s cock into my mouth, but as it touched my lips I pulled back.

Three quick strokes landed on my ass
causing me to scream.

“Suck it!”

Before she could think I was hesitating
I leaned forward and took all off Dan’s cock. I had never sucked cock before,
but thankfully I had read how a woman does it. I was very careful about my teeth
and I licked and sucked as best I could. What I lacked in experience I tried to
make up with enthusiasm, for fear of the cane.

Dan was getting excited and pushed his
cock down my throat causing me to gag and pull pack.

Immediately the cane fell twice more!

“Don’t stop!” she yelled “Suck
it”

I went at it with even more vigor. Dan
grabbed my hair and was thrusting in and out of my mouth. I could feel him start
to stiffen.  “Don’t you dare
waste any of my cum!” panted Dan “ If you waste so much as a drop the next
load will go up your ass where it will stay!” With that he filled my mouth
with his cum. I swallowed the warm liquid. I don’t know if I could have
swallowed it all, or what was running through my fogged mind, but a small stream
of Dan’s cum leaked out the corner of my mouth and down my chin.

Dan pulled out of my mouth and with a
smile he took his finger and wiped the line of cum off my chin and rubbed it on
my lips. I licked his finger clean.  With
out a word they un tied me and took me to a strong table. My ankles were tied to
the bottom of the legs on one side and then I was bent over and my wrists were
tied to the far side so my ass stuck out unprotected. Dan re gagged me and then
leaned down and kissed me on the cheek.  “I’m
sure you would not want me to do anything in my weakened condition.” he said
“ So I am going to rest a while and let my weapon recharge.” He gave my ass
a rub and they left me, bent over the table to ponder my fate. I had not been
allowed to come and my balls were throbbing. My ass was on fire, but the
pressure in my groin was worse. I slumped over the table and waited. Hours went
by and the pain in my ass subsided, but my cock ached. Why was I so horney? I
was straight and I was going to have a cock rammed up my ass. The idea filled me
with dread, but my cock kept throbbing.  Maybe
he was just teasing me. I waited.

I must have dozed off, and suddenly  I
felt something on my ass. A cool jell was being rubbed on me and a finger slid
up my ass hole. I was being lubricated.

I pulled and twisted, trying to hide
my rear, but I was tied to tightly. I tried to beg but with the gag only muffled
murmurs came out. I felt Dan’s hands on my hips and the head of his cock press
up against my ass hole.  I would
promise anything if he would stop! Surly he could tell by my struggles and
muffled screams that I wanted him to stop! I could hear his hard breathing and
then his cock started to slowly slide into my ass. 
“GOD NO STOP!!!” I screamed in my mind.

It felt like my ass would rip open as
he started to push in, and then with a grunt he rammed his cock right into me.
Every muscle in my body contracted and I almost bit the ball gag in half. Tears
ran down my face and my mind spun. He started to thrust in and out of my ass
faster and faster. Why had I been so stupid to agree to this night of torture.

I felt Dan rhythmically thrusting into
my ass and then I realized that every time he  pushed his cock up my
ass, I was pushing my ass back to meet his cock. The pain was being replaced by
a feeling I could not explain. Faster and faster he rammed his cock into me. My
own cock was ready to explode.  Electricity
flew through me when
Erin
 reached between my legs and started to rub my cock.

I don’t know how long Dan fucked me,
or nor did I hear him scream as he filled me with his cum.

The pressure in my cock had built up
so much that
Erin
 only rubbed me a few times and I came so hard that I must
have passed out. When I came it was like I left my body. I have never
experienced such sensations.  It was
a good week before I could sit comfortably. Dan and I were having coffee
together at a local restaurant. We hadn’t talked about what had transpired
that night, but strangely we did not feel awkward around each other. Maybe it
was because my memories of the night were just a big beautiful blur.

Dan sipped his coffee, smiled and said
“Erin and I are going out of town in a couple of weeks to a cabin I have in
the country. We were wondering if you would care to come along?”

Right away I knew what they wanted of
me, so I sat up straight and asked, “Do you want me to take my own car, or
should I ride with you?

 

25.04.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
