---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/falling_for_latex.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Falling for Latex
authors:
- Andie
tags:
- F/m
- M/f
- liquid-latex
- susp
- toys
- buttplug
- accident
- immerse
- transform
- enclosed
- F2doll
- scifi
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-08-16 00:00:00
---

Let me introduce myself before I relate to you a story of an accident that happened involving liquid latex. I am an assistant at a lab that developed a way to permanently encase people in latex by soaking them in a liquid form of it. Since the procedure is irreversible, applicants have to go through a rigorous vetting process to ensure they truly understand the impact their decision will have on the rest of their lives.

This process worked flawlessly, with all of our clients satisfied and many of them even coming back for more of their bodies to be encased. That is, it worked until we had a little accident. I didn’t witness the fall, but I did hear the scream followed by a loud splash and, despite my and my colleagues’ best efforts, this particular client was not especially happy with the results for reasons that will become apparent.

The room where our clients are coated with latex is a large one. In the center of it is a round pool of liquid latex that is continuously kept in a swirling motion by the machinery at its center. Above it, there are a series of tracks from which hang several frames that we strap our clients into so they can be securely lowered into the liquid. During the process, clients are kept submerged for a total of two one-hour increments with a break in between to readjust the straps. This helps ensure a flawless coat of latex. The frames containing the clients are rotated counter-clockwise around the pool.

On the edge of the pool is a series of loading platforms that jut out over the liquid latex. These are where we prepare clients, attach them to the frames and unload them when they are finished. Like a loading dock on a river, there is no railing on the edge of the platform as that would only hinder the process.

The incident involved a couple who were in a female-led sub/dom relationship. The dominant wife had decided that her husband needed to be permanently coated in latex. Being the submissive, he was to be coated from head to toe so that not even a tiny square millimeter of skin was visible. While his wife opted out of some common options such extreme heels or a severely corseted waist, she did decide that he should lose his sight as well as the ability to use his hands. For the former, a hood had been placed over his head that would merge with the liquid latex, permanently blinding him and hiding his face away forever. For the latter, his hands had been balled up into spherical mittens which meant he would never be able to uncurl them again.

Frequently, glue is used on the accessories to bond them to the client's skin before being dipped into the latex. The reason is to ensure that they don't move or slip while being rotated in the liquid. Fortunately, they hadn’t used glue this time because things didn’t quite go to plan. In fact, the man never ended up being coated at all.

For the special occasion, the wife had chosen to wear one of her favorite dominatrix outfits. Her top was a black leather over-bust corset that squeezed her ample, and clearly fake, cleavage up and out of the top of it. The cups appeared to be at least one or two sizes too small. Below that, she wore a tight black latex mini-skirt that just barely covered her firm butt cheeks. Every time she walked more than just a few steps, she had to pull it back down to keep it from riding up fully and exposing the tiny black latex thong she wore underneath.

On her feet were a pair of thigh-high 6" stiletto boots with a 1/2" platform and black latex opera gloves covering her hands and arms up to just past her elbows. She wore her hair down and had heavy black eye makeup on. Not that the makeup mattered -- her face was about to turn a lot blacker.

No one knew about her little secret though, not even her husband. To keep herself stimulated and feeling especially dominant, she had put one of her larger dildos inside her pussy that stretched and rubbed her in all the right places. Being extra kinky for this particularly special occasion, she had also put in one of her butt plugs. She didn't normally do anal, but it provided extra stimulus because she felt even more stuffed and stretched out. Both were held in by her ultra-tight latex thong.

As the assistant helping them started strapping the husband into the frame, he began to whine and struggle. It was clear he wasn’t keen on what was happening to him, but his dominant wife wasn’t going to take no for an answer. As she moved to slap him, his struggling caused the frame to swerve to the side and the momentum from her slap sent her over the edge of the platform and into the vat of liquid latex.

For a moment, no one moved. The assistant stood there frozen in shock and had no idea what to do. At the same time, the husband quit struggling and just stood there trying to figure out what had just happened since he couldn't see anything. After a few moments, the assistant ran out of the room. She returned a few minutes later with a group of other employees, including myself, who were all trying their best not to panic. Looking over the edge of the platform, we could see the woman's struggling figure bobbing in and out of the liquid as she rotated around the pool alongside the regular clients.

Every time she surfaced, she would claw at the latex covering her mouth until she could take a few panicked breaths before being submerged again. She had already started turning a glossy black and every time we were able to see her, it was obvious that she had turned a little blacker and shinier.

Since this was a situation no one was prepared for, there was nothing handily available for us to fetch her out of her predicament. We chatted amongst ourselves discussing various ways to free her in a decidedly scientific matter with long lists of pros and cons. All the while, the woman continued her unwilling transformation.

Eventually, we decided to try a net to drag her out of there. It took a while for us to find one that was large and sturdy enough since it was kept in an obscure storage cabinet. Standing on the edge of the pool, one of my colleagues cast it towards the trapped woman, but missed. One by one, we all tried to catch her, but kept missing. At least twenty minutes had elapsed by the time we finally caught her. She desperately grabbed ahold of it, but as soon as we started pulling, the net disintegrated and the now entirely black and shiny woman plunged back into the liquid. Upon examining the broken edge, we realized that the many dips into the liquid had essentially dissolved the net, turning its mass into more liquid latex.

Another fifteen minutes went by as we discussed our next strategy. All the while, the husband stood strapped into his frame mostly motionless. It was impossible to tell what he was feeling or even if he was aware of the situation. He had to know that something was going on since they had halted his procedure and, even though he wore a hood, he wasn't entirely deaf which meant he had to have been able to hear at least some of our conversation.

At some point, he started wiggling in the frame and mumpfing as loudly as he could through the tight hood to get our attention. Our discussion ceased and we looked at him. He then started banging on the frame with his spherical hands clearly trying to tell us we should use a frame to get her. We discussed the pros and cons of the idea for a few more minutes until we decided to give it a shot.

One of the other assistants who was already permanently covered in black latex volunteered to ride on the frame. Sitting down on a flat piece of metal welded onto the bottom of an empty frame where the occupant would normally stand, he gave us a thumbs up. We then lowered him down as close to the liquid as we dared. Being careful not to lose his balance, he pivoted onto his stomach and reached down into the liquid latex. He wasn't worried about his arms coming into contact with it since they were already permanently covered, however, he would only realize later that his previously free hands would now be latex hands for the rest of his life.

Eventually, the struggling woman circled back around to where the employee was. He tried to grab her, but the liquid latex made her incredibly slick. He managed to pull her out ever so slightly until the current of the swirling liquid ripped her out of his grip. She landed back in the black liquid with a splash.

This went on for almost a half an hour until he finally managed to grab her in a way that prevented her from slipping. We quickly raised the frame up to the platform where one of my colleagues and I grabbed her and carted her off to the post-processing room where we cleaned up and made final touches to the new latex beings. For this, we wore specialized suits that were designed to prevent us from coming into contact with the liquid and thereby accidentally coating ourselves.

Once the exhausted woman was safely in the post-processing room, we had her stand on a metal grated part of the floor that would allow the excess liquid latex to safely drip off her and into a drain. She was in such a state of shock that she just stood there on her unsteady, severely arched feet exactly as we positioned her. It may not have been appropriate for the moment, but I couldn't help but think that she was already adapting to her new life as a rubber doll very well.

The first thing we did was to clean out as much of the latex from her mouth and nostrils as possible so she could breathe unimpeded. Unfortunately for her, it was clear that her mouth and throat were now permanently lined with latex. After making sure she was breathing regularly, we started the process of determining the damage.

The woman was flawlessly covered from head to toe in the liquid latex without a single missing spot. She looked exactly like a rubber doll version of herself with every detail of her body preserved in the black latex coating. The boots she had worn were now permanently fused to her feet and legs while her previously bare thighs were now as shiny and black as her original costume. The boot shafts no longer existed and instead flowed seamlessly into her thighs. The tight mini-skirt was now fused to her upper thighs, hips and butt. She would never be able to take it off or even pull it up again, much less wear anything bifurcated such as pants. Underneath, everything was the same shiny black. The latex thong had melted into her new latex skin and was no longer visible. Instead, the bases of the trapped dildo and butt plug could be seen -- both of which would be stretching and stimulating her for the rest of her life. The over-bust corset had been transformed to latex and merged with the rest of her skin while permanently squeezing her large, fake tits into shiny black orbs that made her look like a fetish bimbo with huge bolt-ons in a push-up bra.

Of all the changes, it was her face that was the most shocking though. The lab had never submerged anyone into the liquid before without some sort of mask. Some were removable if the client didn't want their head permanently covered, but others were not and were destined to become part of them. As she stood there, her eyes were clearly open but uniformly black and shiny without any trace of color. I waved a hand in front of her face and she didn't react at all. The liquid had permanently blinded her, turning her eyes into nothing more than black latex orbs.

The woman stood there with her mouth wide open. When I asked her to close it, she was able to, but it took some effort and, when she relaxed her jaw, it sprang back open. The latex that had coated it had stiffened and effectively transformed into a permanent hollow gag. I thought this must be either due to a mixture with her saliva or because she had been clawing at it while stuck in the vat.

When she tried to talk, it came out as a garbled mess of sounds as she could hardly move her lips, tongue and jaw. Plus, we could only speculate about what the latex had done to her throat and vocal folds. One could understand that she was trying to say something, but couldn't understand the words. Fortunately, she could hear just fine through the latex covering her ears, even though it was more muffled than it used to be.

Her long hair had been fused together by the latex creating a single sheet of rubber that hung from her head down to the small of her back. The latex was so tightly bonded to her hair that you could still see many individual strands and the shape of her haircut even though they were fused together. It looked as though someone had taken a brush to her hair as the weight of the liquid caused it to hang perfectly straight down her back.

Looking at the clock, we did a quick calculation and realized she had been stuck in the vat for just over an hour and a half. That was not quite as long as we kept normal clients submerged, but definitely more than enough time to make her transformation thorough and permanent. Once our examination was complete, we followed the usual post-processing procedure of smoothing out any oddities and exposing the liquid to a high dosage of ultraviolet light to dry it. We figured that since it was too late to remove the latex anyway, we should at least do our best to make sure she looked her finest.

Once everything had been completed, we led her back to her husband who had in the meantime been freed from the frame and accessories, although he was still naked. His jaw nearly hit the floor when he first saw her as a flawless rubber doll. Every step she took caused her latex to squeak while the clicking of her heels on the metal flooring echoed throughout the room. Being blind and getting used to her extreme heels, she walked slowly and cautiously. However, her new body meant she couldn't help but walk seductively, swaying her hips with every step.

The erection he got clearly indicated that he liked what he saw. He couldn't wait to get home and play with his shiny new sex doll wife, if she would let him. It would seem that the tide had turned so that he would be the one to call the shots from now on.

As the husband guided his new rubber doll out of the room, he slapped her tightly compacted ass which caused it to wiggle, then fall right back into its firmly held position. This garnered a groan of protest from his wife, but she didn't react otherwise. In fact, since we had pulled her out of the vat, she had acted entirely resigned, passive and meek, almost as though she had been defeated in a fierce battle and just didn't care about the outcome anymore. This was a complete personality flip compared to the strong dominant woman she had been before.

The last I saw of them was when they left the building. Her husband led her carefully back to their car making sure she didn't run into any obstacles and had firm footing for her extreme heels. After he had gotten her loaded into the car, I couldn't help but laugh. He certainly couldn't dance well, but that little jig he did before getting into the car himself was certainly a happy one!
