---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Daughter Again
authors:
- Cropsncuffs
tags:
- FF/m
- bond
- tape
- cons
- X
date: 2006-04-09 00:00:00
---

**Part 2**

My boyfriend is starting to buck under
me, but he’s going nowhere. You see I’m not as slim as I used to be, and all
those delightful curves that he worships so much can keep him quite mercilessly
pinned when I use them right. And today I am using exactly right. One knee is
firmly planted wither side of his head, and my thighs have his face in a firm
yet tantalizingly yielding grip. And he knows that if he wants to avoid a
thorough whipping afterwards he will keep his tongue working energetically down
below until I get my reward in the shape of a delightfully heavy orgasm. And if
I am feeling really mean, I might make him stay there until number two washes
over me, by which time he will be hot, sweaty, and ready for a nice long shower.
One that I will be only too happy to join him under and soap his back for his
troubles. And a few other choice places as well.

Not that it’s just my figure holding him down mind you. There is also
the little matter of the lovingly applied bondage tape that has him clamped to
the futon. There are loops of it around his wrists, his ankles, his knees and
elbows. Oh yes, and then there’s Emma.

My redheaded adult daughter who inadvertently joined our little world of
perverse pleasure a few weeks back. And she has taken to it like a duck to
water. At first I was wary of sharing my boyfriend with her, his magnificent
manhood, his energetic tongue and enterprising mind, but I needn’t have
worried. Emma has shown no interest in experiencing the intimacies of his body,
being quite content to leave the ultimate satisfaction of his penis to me. She
gets those feelings from her own boyfriend, but as a wicked domme she has proved
to be an excellent ally in our games.

Right now she is kneeling on his legs, pinning them even better than the
straining tape about his limbs. I don’t think he has ever felt so helpless,
but he may come to regret his desires. Because, with a big smile on her face,
Emma has just taken a grip on his upstanding manhood and started wanking him
slowly with long, firm strokes. Something he’s not familiar with when he’s
trying to give me pleasure with his tongue. And as she kept on doing it, he
started to buck, so I sat back down a little bit to make sure he knows whose in
charge here. And as he settled back onto the futon I watched as Emma lent
forwards and reached out with the very tip of her tongue and touched the moist
top of his manhood. Then my mouth fell open as she swirled that evil little tip
about in tiny circles amongst the pre-cum.

He heaved under my arse, and I sat back down hard, clamping my thighs
tight against him just like I used to when I rode a horse. As I looked down I
saw his arms straining against the shiny black bondage tape as the torment
became too much for him. The sheer frustration getting to him like it never had
before. For a few moments I thought I was riding a bucking bronco as I watched
Emma cup his bollocks in her hands and roll them around gently.

The sounds issuing from under me were only half human as it really began
to get to him. And for a fateful moment I felt his tongue flag, and he knows
better than to let that happen. So I gave his captive head a firm squeeze, and
sure enough the tongue started moving again. Flicking back and forth as it does,
bringing a flush to my cheeks as it’s tip dances across the on so sensitive
tips of my clit. And from out of nowhere it was suddenly my moment for pleasure.
The orgasm rolled across me in an unstoppable tide. For a moment Emma was
nowhere to be seen as I let my head roll back and I howled out my delight, my
body taking on a delightfully glowing tone from the tips of my toes to the very
roots of my hair. When I let myself go, I really know how to let go. It’s the
way I like it, and just the way my boyfriend likes it as well. He likes to feel
his efforts are appreciated, as he watches the flush spread, and my nipples
stand out hard through the material of whatever flimsy item I might be wearing for him.

By the time the best had passed and I could focus my eyes again, Emma was
looking at me open-mouthed. Wide open mouthed. Her hand had stopped moving on my
boyfriend’s cock, and I really don’t think she knew what to think. It’s as
if I wasn’t expected to have an orgasm, as if all the fun and games for his
benefit and not mine. Well, she had a thing or two to learn about her dear old
mum. One of the first thinks I learned after my divorce was to take everything
that was going and make the best of it, because if you didn’t help yourself,
no one else was going to hand it to you.

As I dragged myself off him I smiled at his bright red face and deep
panting breaths and almost took pity on him. It could be hell for him when I
lost control, but after all the things he had done to me, it only seemed fair
for him to suffer some sort of inconvenience for my pleasures. His eyes met
mine, and he smiled a tired, wan little smile that told me he was having just as
much fun as I was.

“Go on Emma” I said breathlessly “Finish him off”.

Emma seemed to see the rock hard penis in her hand for the first time,
and my boyfriend’s head twisted up off the futon to look at Emma. Her generous
cleavage on open display in a black satin teddy that barely kept all her curves
covered, her red hair falling about her face, and her big blue eyes made up to
kill. And in front of her his straining manhood held within her grasp.

“Please” His voice was barely above a whisper “Please” again.

“Come on Emma” I chided “If you won’t do it, let’s do it
together”

I lent forwards, my tongue reaching out as my warm and welcoming mouth
got closer and closer to his manhood. Moving ever so slowly to prolong the
suspense, the very tip waggling in the air so he knew what was coming. . And
Emma took her cue from me, her sudden confusion evaporating as quickly as it had
come, leaning forwards, her tongue extending, her breasts straining evermore
against the ribbons that kept them in place behind that thin black fabric.

We arrived at the head of his cock at the same moment, and two energetic
tongue tips both began their erotic dance at the same time. And he howled on
torment when they moved away. I took his cock in my mouth, while Emma softly
chewed her way down the rock hard stem, lips covering sharp little teeth as she
moved up and down.

Enjoying the devilment of teasing, we both sat back and watched as his
manhood twitched in the air, so near and yet just too far away from that magic
moment when his ultimate pleasure became inevitable and he would fire his seed
at the ceiling.

Emma glanced at me, then almost timidly tugged at the ribbons that held
her black satin teddy together and allowed her magnificent breasts to spill out.
God but she should have been on page three with breasts like that. Rounded and
perfectly formed. The pale skin flawless and the nipples exactly the right size
and shape to be a model.

Shifting her position she lent forwards and fixed my boyfriend with her
big, blue eyed stare that penetrated right to his cock. I watched as it twitched
some more, and the pre-cum started to flow.

Arms spread either side of his pinned hips she allowed those breasts to
envelope his cock in a terrible soft embrace. She swayed them back and forth by
swinging her fit young body, those smooth orbs alternately striking his cock,
left and right, one after another. Then she brought them together with her
hands, squeezing his cock and moving them slowly but deliberately up and down.

He came long and hard, spraying her face and hair with a shower of smooth
white cum. And she snarled as it hit her, her face betraying the fact she was
actually enjoying the sheer perversity and degradation of the act. The white
mixture rolling down her face and dripping from her fringe. The filthy little
minx. I could tell I was going to have to watch her in future.
