---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesad/dreamscanbecometrue.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Dreams Can Become True
authors:
- Latexia
tags:
- F/f
- F/ff
- latex
- bond
- oral
- anal
- bdsm
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2007-12-01 00:00:00
---

Sharon stepped into the house. The house was large and Victorian like
from the outside. The interior however was bright and modern as well as
very spacious. There were frosted windows so people on the outside
could not see in but people on the inside could see out. There was an
end table with a light stand on it. Across the room was a large
television. There was a magazine rack also present with several
magazines inside of it. 
"Would you like me to take your coat?" The rubber slave girl asked Sharon? 
"Ummm... okay", Sharon says.
The rubber slave girl was dressed in a black rubber cat suit with black
leather high heel shoes that were locked onto each of her ankles with
small padlocks. Her hair was a lovely blonde that was pulled back into
a clip that kept her hair out of her face. The slave girl also wore a
black leather chastity belt, which was also locked on to her by a
padlock.
"You can have a seat here if you like. When mistress is ready for you I
will come and get you." The rubber slave girl exclaimed.
"Thank you", Sharon says as she takes a seat on the comfy leather
couch. She then reaches for a magazine. The magazine is titled, "rubber
life". Sharon begins to thumb through the magazine. Inside there are
pictures of men and women wearing rubber as well as articles on how to
keep the rubber clean and polished. Sharon had never worn latex of
rubber before but was curious as to what it would feel like against her
skin. She then picked up another magazine called, "Domination". This
magazine was clearly for masters and mistresses assisting to help
punish and explore the limits of slaves. There were pictures of men and
women in the magazine who were being tickled my dominants. Sharon had
never really been in bondage before except one time when an
ex-boyfriend had tied her up. She let him tie her up because she was
curious as to what it would feel like and she felt that she had a bit
of a submissive side that she wanted to explore. 
Sharon however had liked women as well as men. But she has never had a
relationship with woman just men. This was the reason of why she was
here at Mistress Laura's. Sharon got horny at seeing another woman in
rubber or latex or by seeing another woman get tied up. Sharon
masturbated to pictures of women in bondage and latex on her computer
for about a year now. At the age of 22 and now out on her own and
finished with college she decided that she was ready to experience
lesbianism and BDSM So she finally made the plunge. She had seen
Mistress Laura's advertisement in the telephone book and she now was
here for an interview.
"Mistress, is ready for you now." Said the rubber slave girl. "Come with me," she said. 
"Ahhhhh Sharon nice to meet you. How are you today? Have a seat please.
You can leave us alone now Rachel", mistress Laura said referring to
the rubber slave girl. 
Sharon exchanged pleasantries and took a seat.
"I see that you are interested in becoming a slave?" Mistress Laura said.
"Yes mis..." Sharon began to say but was cut off by Mistress Laura who
said, "I'm not your mistress yet so you can just call me Laura."
"Yes Laura, I want to be a slave girl." Sharon said.
"Have you ever been in bondage before Sharon?"
"Ye...yes", Sharon stammered. "I was once with an ex boyfriend."
"Did you enjoy it Sharon?" Mistress Laura asks.
"Yes I did." Sharon replies.
"Good, I'm glad because if you become my slave girl you will be in
bondage a lot you know. Do you masturbate yourself often Sharon?"
Mistress Laura asks.
Sharon blushes at being asked that question. "Yes", she says sheepishly. "Almost everyday Laura."
"Wow, quite the masturbator we have here." Laura says with a bit of a
laugh. "If you become my slave Sharon you will not be allowed to
masturbate when you are in this house unless I give you permission. Do
you understand that Sharon?"
"I understand." Sharon says. 
"Tell me", Laura begins, "Do you ever kissed or fondled a woman?"
"No", Sharon replies.
"Would you like to experience the best kind of pleasure that only two women can give each other?" Laura asks.
"I think so..." Sharon says.
"You think so Sharon? You have to be 100% sure this is what you want or
you cannot become my slave. You have to want to become a lesbian here.
It is an expectation of all my slave girls." Laura explains.
"I really want to become your slave Laura" Sharon says.
"Do you fanaticize about women when you masturbate Sharon?" Laura asks her?
"Yes", Sharon answers with a red face.
"Okay," mistress Laura begins, "Why are you here? What is your ambition
of why you want to become a slave girl?" Laura enquires.
"I'm sick of men they don't treat me well. They only want me just for one thing." Sharon explains.
"Hmmmm you certainly are an attractive girl Sharon, that's for sure. Do you workout Sharon?" Laura asks.
"Yes, I do three times a week." Sharon tells.
"Do you have any sex toys Sharon?"
"No, I don't." Sharon says
"That will be changing soon enough", Laura says with a smile.
"Since you have passed the interview and medical examination Sharon
you can be one of my weekend slaves. You are to report here no later
then 7:00pm sharp on Friday to begin your training as a slave girl. Do
not be late because if you are I may not train you. You will also be
staying the weekend until 5:00pm on Sunday so bring a toothbrush and a
hairbrush. You won't need anything else other then that and the clothes
on your back since I will supply everything else. Oh yes, take the bus
and not your car. The police do not take kindly to cars being left out
on the street for a couple of days. Do you understand Sharon?" Laura
says after explaining the conditions. 
"Yes, Laura I do. Thank you very much," says Sharon smiling from ear to ear. 
"Good I shall see you Friday afternoon at 7:00pm. I am looking forward to it as well. See you then Sharon." Laura says
"Bye Mistress", Sharon says while going out the office door. 
Sharon was jumping for joy in her mind. She could hardly wait for
Friday to come. On the way home she stopped by a pizza shop to get a
slice. When she arrived home she quickly ate the pizza it tasted so
good. After eating she busied herself on the Internet looking at
pictures of women in bondage and being forced to service their
mistresses. She felt her sex getting hot and wet as she quickly jumped
out of her chair and shed her clothes. After stripping naked she drove
her hand into her now dripping wet snatch and rubbed herself all the
way to orgasm. 
After masturbating herself she cleaned herself up and went to bed. She
was all nice and warm under the covers and still sexually excited about
thinking about Friday. Sharon soon drifted off into a slumberous sleep. When she awoke the
next morning she realised that she had slept in and would be late for
work if she were not careful with her time. She slowly rose from her
bed and began to peel off her night gown that she had slept in. She
showered quickly and grabbed an apple for breakfast and made it to work
on time. 
Sharon sat at her desk but all she could think about was Friday evening
when she finally would get to experience what rubber and bondage was
like. She couldn't concentrate on her work all day long. Visions of the
girl that was Mistress Laura's maid danced in her head. The girl had
turned Sharon on and she hoped that Mistress Laura would dress her in
the same manner. Since the day at work was rather slow, Sharon checked
out some bondage, latex and rubber websites on the Internet. She knew
the access codes, which would enable her to surf without the IT guys
seeing where she went on the Internet thanks to her friend Jason,
who worked in IT.
Sharon, had found one website called, "Rubber and Fun for You." To
Sharon's amazement she discovered that this was a store that was
located only three blocks away from her apartment. Sharon decided that
she could not wait until Friday and decided that she would find out the
feel of rubber or latex before then. She made a mental note to visit
the store after work. Finally 4:00 had arrived and Sharon was off to 'Rubber Fun for You'. Sharon came upon the store, which was in the historic properties area
of the city. The store resembled an old style general store like what
you saw in the movies. The store looked normal enough from the outside
with green trim around the large display windows and a red antique
style door. 
"Okay", Sharon thought, "In I go." Sharon told herself as she opened
the door and heard little bells ring to let the staff know that a
customer had entered the store. A moment later Sharon saw a lovely
blonde woman emerges wearing a skintight black cat suit. The suit was
so tight that Sharon could see the imprint of the woman's nipples
through the latex as well as the "V" of where the legs ended at the
pubic area. The woman also wore black high heels but these were not
locked on her feet like the rubber slave girls had been. The store
clerk also had her hair pulled back into a tight bun and had a piercing
through her left nostril. The piercing was a very small stuff however.
Sharon could also see that the clerk had on some make-up but not an
eccentric amount. Just a bit of lipstick, some blush, eye shadow was
all she wore. Sharon was now getting aroused and came back to reality
when the clerk asked her if there was anything that she could help her
with.
"Yes, ummmmm yeah", Sharon stammered. This was her very first time in a
store that sold goods such as these and she felt a bit overwhelmed as
well as a bit nervous. 
"What did you have in mind?" The store girl asked.
"Ummmmmmmm some latex I think." Replied Sharon.
"Okay, what kind were you looking for? Do you have any particular colour in mind or style?" The store girl enquired.
"I think I would like to see a latex thing." Sharon blurted out.
"Ahhh a thong", Sharon thought to herself. "I could wear that and
people would never know that I had it on. This is good." Sharon said to
herself now getting excited.
"Hmmm", the store girl said. "We have thongs in crotch less and with a
crotch. The also come in red, blue, green, and black." You can also get
them with a dildo or a butt plug inside of them." 
"Dildo...butt plug...scary," Sharon thought to herself. She didn't
think she was ready for that so she just went with a plain blue thong.
"Would you like to try it on first to make sure it fits properly?" The clerk asked Sharon. "Oh and what is your waist size?"
"I'm a 27," Sharon replied. She had given her waist size to women
before when getting clothes but never for underwear. Buying this thing
made her embarrassed as well as horny and aroused all at the same time.
It was a pleasant feeling for her.
The shop girl had directed Sharon over to the fitting area where Sharon
closed the door and removed her shoes and khaki pants then her lovely
bikini underwear. She noticed that the bikini was a little wet since
seeing the shop girl in latex and then thought about buying her first
piece of fetish clothing. Her pussy was moist and she took a moment to
rub her pubic area before pulling the thong up.
"All okay in there?" The shop girl asked.
"Yeah, I'm good," Sharon, replied.
"Do you mind if I have a look when you are done?" The shop girl asks Sharon.
"No, I don't mind." Why did I just say that???!!!! Sharon said to herself.
Even though she was aroused and found the other woman attractive
especially women dressed in rubber or latex she had never let other
store clerks see her in her underwear in the past when she shopped. But
then Sharon thought this was okay so she steeped out for the shop
girl's inspection.
"That looks really nice on you!" The shop girl remarked. "It suits you
perfectly. Nice colour blue to match your skin colour as well as it
hugs your butt and pubic area very nicely. Are you happy with it?" 
"Yeah it's good." Sharon relied.
"Okay you can go back in and change unless you want to wear it home. I
will go and ring in the sale on the cash register." The shop girl
explains.
"How much will this cost?" Sharon enquires.
"$18.00 plus taxes so it will come to a total of $21.70." Says the shop girl.
Sharon decides to go back in and change back into her bikini underwear
and hands the thong to the shop girl so she can bag it for her. 
"Is there anything else that I can help you with?" The shop girl asks.
"No, I think I'm good for now." Sharon replies.
"Here is our business card as well as a catalogue in case you are
interested in anything else here in the future. Have a nice evening now
and enjoy your purchase." Remarks the shop girl while handing Sharon
the bag containing her thong. 
"You have a nice evening as well," Sharon responds.
Sharon gets into her car and heads back to her apartment. She was so
horny because she loved the way that the thong felt against her pussy
and ass. Sharon was very wet as she opened the door to her apartment.
As soon as she entered she stripped off her clothes and rubbed her
clitoris into ecstasy. She felt so relieved to have a cum. Her body
shook as she came again and again. After pleasuring herself to orgasm
three times she wiped the pussy juice off her hands and pussy and made
supper for herself. After supper Sharon tried on the thong and stood
and looked at herself in the mirror.
At 22, Sharon was an attractive girl. She had graduated from high
school with honours and had gone to community college for two years to
study Business Information Technology as well as accounting. She had
graduated and became employed almost immediately with a company that
paid her $35,000 a year plus full benefits. 
Sharon was still a bit of a shy girl but was still well liked and
thought of by her family, friends and co-workers. Sharon had moved out
of her parent's house upon getting her job even though she lived only
ten minutes away from them by car. She loved her parents but she was on
a roll. She was young and successful and entering a new stage in her
life. All of that made Sharon want to have her own place.
Sharon had long brown hair down just past her shoulders. Her eyes were
a lovely light ice blue and she had a beautiful smile. She dressed
herself well but was by no means a snob. She enjoyed her job and the
personal freedoms that if offered her. Sharon was also involved in her
community. She volunteered at soup kitchens and the boys and girls club.
Sharon's breasts were a lovely 34C, with medium sized pink nipples. Her
tummy was flat and tight. Her pussy was also lovely with a slender pink
opening that allowed people to see her inner labia when she was
aroused. Her pubic hair was unshaven Sharon had shaved her pubic hair
once for an ex boyfriend because he complained about getting hair in
his mouth when he went down on her. 
Her asshole was nice and tight and a virgin. Sharon had never engaged in anal sex before but was a bit curious about it.
Sharon spun around and looked at her thong. She loved the look that it
gave her and how it made her feel. The thong tightly hugged her hips
and pussy lips as well as rides up her ass a little. "Nice", Sharon
thought to herself. She decided to remove the thing and go to bed
sleeping naked. That way she could play with her breasts and pussy a
bit since she was still a little bit aroused.
The sun shone into the window and into Sharon's eyes. She awoke and
realised that she was naked. She then remembered that she had forgotten
to change last night and decided to sleep naked instead. Sharon rarely
slept naked unless she was with a man. Lately, she had been in bed with
any guys even though she had many male friends. 
Sharon was a smart girl who used protection and was on the pill when
she was sexually active. She certainly didn't want any nasty surprises
at twenty-two.
As Sharon walked towards the shower she fondled her breasts and pussy.
"Mmmmmmmmmm," she sighed to herself as she ran her fingers through her
pussy hair. 
After showering Sharon made herself some toast and drank some orange
juice. She then did her hair, make-up and got ready to go to work.
Passing the calendar she saw that today was Friday!!! This is the day
that she had been waiting for. She then locked her apartment and headed
to her car to go to work.
Work was just another restless day for Sharon. She could hardly wait
for 7:00pm to come about so she could go to Mistress Laura's. Sharon
was so not in tune with her job that she had to be asked three times by
her friend Monique, if she wanted to go out to lunch with her. Finally
4:00 o'clock came and she went home.
At home Sharon made supper, which consisted off spaghetti and sauce as
well as some pepsi. Sharon then cleaned up her apartment a bit. She
made her bed and vacuumed her bedroom and living room and washed a few
dishes that needed to be cleaned. She did not want to come back to a
messy apartment on Sunday evening. Sharon then relaxed a little by
watching some television until about 6:30 when she gathered up her
toothbrush, toothpaste and a hair brush and placed them in a bag. She
grabbed her keys, put on her shoes and jacket, locked the apartment and
then was off to the bus stop.
The bus did not take long to arrive, and now Sharon was feeling a few
things at the same time. She was happy because she was going to be with
women all weekend, which is a fantasy of Sharon since she always felt a
sexual tendency towards women. Sharon, also felt a bit sacred she did
not really know what to suspect. She knew from the Internet that slave
girls were subjected to bondage and sometimes pain. Sharon's bondage
experience was very limited and she had never experienced pain in a
sexual way before. But she thought that maybe having her nipples
clamped wouldn't be too bad if Mistress Laura decided to do that to
her. She certainly would give it a try but she may not have much of a
choice either.
Sharon arrived at Mistress Laura's Victorian house again. She walked up
the stairs and rang the doorbell. Soon Rachel the rubber slave girl/
maid appeared and was wearing a black rubber French maids latex suit
with of course black high heels locked onto her feet. 
"Ahhhh Sharon, come in, nice to see you. You are a little early but
that is good since Mistress likes to see that. Come with me please."
Rachel instructed.
Sharon follows Rachel in to Mistress Laura's study. 
Mistress asks, "Are you ready to become my slave girl for the weekend Sharon?"
"Yes, Mistress Laura."
"Good slave. I'm sure you will get to experience pain and pleasure on
many different levels this weekend. In time you will you will learn
that they are both much the same. Rachel, take her to be shaven and
waxed." Mistress Laura directed.
With that Sharon and Rachel were off to the, "dungeon". When they
arrived in the dungeon Rachel asked Sharon to remove all of her
clothes. 
"Huh..." Sharon says.
"Everything slut. Take everything off." Rachel told her. "You are a
slave girl now and slave girls do not wear clothes they are naked. You
also must have your pubic hair removed as well as your armpit hair.
Even the hair around your asshole must go."
"Uhhhh ok", says Sharon sheepishly as she removes her shirt and bra.
She had never really undressed in front of another woman before except
when she was in the locker room at the gym. This time it was different
because another girl would not only see her most private places, but
another girl would touch her.
Now that Sharon had removed her bikini and socks she stood naked in front of Rachel.
"Mmmmmm", says Rachel. "You are really very pretty. Nice tits."
"Come here," Rachel tells Sharon. "Put your hands in these." Rachel had
a pair of leather handcuffs that had chains attached to the ceiling.
Sharon complied and Rachel locked the cuffs on her hands. Rachel the
flicked a switch and the chains started to move toward the ceiling.
Sharon's hands were slowly pulled towards the ceiling over her head.
Rachel then took a spreader bar and placed it between Sharon's ankles.
"There, that's done, now you can't close your legs or resist very much
when I shave and way your pussy. You do need one more thing however."
Rachel says as she roots in a drawer and pulls out a blue rubber ball
gag. 
"Open your mouth please." Rachel asks.
Sharon opens her mouth and the gag is pushed in and is bucked at the back of her neck.
"Now you can protest as much as you like and the gag will keep you quiet." Rachel explains to Sharon. 
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmph," Sharon replies.
Rachel then tells Sharon, "Don't be scared. I won't hurt you. This is
all part of becoming a slave. In all the girls that I have shaven
Sharon, I only nicked one girls pussy because she wouldn't stay still.
Just stay still and you will be fine. I will be back in a sec I just
need to get the clippers and the wax."
Rachel returns and begins to apply the wax to Sharon's armpits. 
"Mmmmmmppphhhh", Sharon exclaims through her gag as the cloth is pulled away from her armpits. 
"Now I have to shave muffy", Rachel tells Sharon.
Next a buzzing sound is heard. Sharon looks down to see her pubic hair
falling to the floor. Once Sharon's pubic hair is cut as short as
Rachel can make it, Rachel begins to apply the wax and the cloth.
"Rip", and a muffled, "ahhhhh", is heard from Sharon as the roots of
her pubic hair are removed from her mons pubis. The waxing was
especially painful to Sharon when her labium was waxed. 
"I know it hurts, but Mistress Laura will not be happy until your pussy
is completely hairless and smooth. You have a pretty cunt too." Rachel
tells Sharon. 
After waxing Sharon's pussy Rachel, begins to wax Sharon's legs as well.
"Their all done Sharon. Just hold on a second. I have some lotion for
you that will take any sting or irritation out of your skin as well as
give your skin a nice vanilla smell. The lotion will also make your
skin really smooth." Rachel explains.
Rachel applies the lotion to Sharon's armpits, pussy and legs. She
takes a moment to finger Sharon's pussy, which was a bit wet.
"Mmmmmm," Sharon moans through her ball gag. This moan however was a moan of pleasure. 
Then Rachel says, "Opps, I almost forgot to wax your asshole. Bend over a little please."
Sharon complies again and she feels a stinging sensation on her anus
and the wax is applied. Rachel then rubs some of the lotion on Sharon's
anus. 
"It's time for mistresses inspection." Rachel says.
Rachel puts a metal collar around Sharon's neck and locks it on her.
The spreader bar is then removed as well as the leather cuffs. A pair
of police style handcuffs is placed of Sharon's wrists behind her back.
A leash is then put on her collar and the ball gag is left in
place. 
"Come on Sharon." Rachel says as she leads Sharon down the hall on route to Mistress Laura's office.
"Knock, knock, knock," Rachel raps on the door of Mistress Laura's office.
"Come in," Mistress Laura says. 
Both Sharon and Rachel enter Mistress Laura's large office. There is a
couch, an armchair, a large desk, fireplace, and a laptop. There is
also some peculiar furniture that you would not find in the normal
office setting. There were rings in the walls to attach slaves to as
well as a punishment bench used to fuck slaves pussies and asses as
well as to discipline them with the whip.
"Kneel," Mistress Laura says. 
"Show our new slave the submissive kneel for inspection please Rachel." Mistress Laura directs.
"Yes mistress," Rachel says as she gets down on her hands and knees and
lowers her head so that her chin is resting on the floor. Her rear is
then raised high into the air and she places her hand behind her
back. 
"Copy Rachel's movements please Sharon." Mistress Laura says.
Sharon gets down on to the floor and copies Rachel. A bit of drool
escapes from her mouth onto the carpet due to her ball gag. 
"Stay steady now Sharon, I won't hurt you." Mistress Laura tells Sharon.
Mistress Laura begins to touch Sharon's nicely shaped breasts as well
as pinching her nipples a little bit. Laura then works her way to
Sharon's rear and holds her sex in her hand while rubbing the labia
with her fingers. 
"Very smooth, good job shaving and waxing her." Mistress Laura then
slides a finger into Sharon's pussy and rubs her clitoris a bit. "Mmmm,
wet pussy. Do you enjoy this Sharon?" Mistress Laura asks her with a
smile.
"Mmmmmmm", is all that Sharon can do to reply. Mistress Laura then removes Sharon's ball gag.
"Okay, we will take Sharon on a little tour now around the house. Rachel helps Sharon stand up." Laura remarks.
"What size of shoes do you wear Sharon?" Mistress Laura enquires.
"Size eight mistress." Sharon replies.
Rachel then appears with a pair of black size eight high heels, which
were the same as what Rachel wore on her feet. Sharon puts the shoes on
and Rachel locks them onto her ankles.
"Slave girls must wear the shoes locked to them. I will remove them at night." Mistress Laura explained.
"Rachel, go back to your cleaning duties because I am going to give Sharon a tour of the house." Mistress Laura says.
"Yes Mistress Laura." Rachel exclaims.
Sharon never really walked around naked before and certainly not in the
presence of other girls. She felt a twinge in her pussy as it was
getting even more wet. She wished that she could reach her hands down
to her pussy and pleasure herself to get rid of the tenseness in her
cunt but the handcuffs prevented her from doing so. The handcuffs were
a good thing since she remembered that masturbation was prohibited
without Mistress Laura's permission. 
"How does your cunt feel?" Mistress asked.
"Different but cool Mistress." Sharon replies.
"Ah yes, it should. A girl's pussy feels nice and cool with the open
air hitting it when the hair is removed. Trust me it will feel even
more sensual and your pussy will feel even more smooth when I let you
wear rubber or latex." Mistress Lara tells Sharon.
"This is what is called the St. Andrew's cross Sharon. A slave is bound
to the cross. Weights can be applied to her breasts or pussy lips. A
slave's breasts and pussy can also be whipped here." Laura explained to
Sharon.
"Will I be bound here?" Sharon asked.
"Yes, you will be. I won't be harsh with you because you are new and
lesbian BDSM should be a sensual and loving affair." Laura says.
"This next piece of equipment is what is called the, "pain box." A
slave girl sits in the box often with a dildo in her pussy and a butt
plug inside her ass. The girl is held at the neck by this wooden collar
but not so tight that she cannot breathe. These straps hold the girl's
legs and wrists. The slave is usually gagged with a jaw spreader, which
I will show to you later. The slave can also be, "nose hooked". This
piece of metal goes inside of your nostrils. The metal is then pulled
backwards, which in turn pulls the nose up, and the head and neck
backwards. And finally the slave's breasts may also have nipple clamps
attached to them." Mistress Laura described.
Sharon immediately hoped that she would not be subjected to the pain
box but the dildo and butt plug inside of her did intrigue her. Sharon
had already seen jaw spreaders before from looking at bondage pictures
on the Internet. She liked the look that the jaw spreaders had on girls
and she got horny when she saw the bondage models wearing them.
"This my dear Sharon is what is called, "The Wooden Pony."
The wooden pony consisted of a smooth pine board, which was attached to ropes and pulleys leading to the ceiling.
"A slave has her wrists restrained in the cuffs and her arms are raised
above her head. Weights are also attached to her ankles. The girl is
also gagged and may have a blindfold or a posture collar around her
neck. The slave girl is raised up so her pussy bears the weight of her
body. Her pussy rests on the board. The girl must balance herself on
her toes. The slave's breasts may also be clamped as well as her labia.
This is something that slave girls hate at first but in time many often
grow to love being subjected to the wooden pony." Mistress Laura
explained to Sharon.
Sharon felt another twinge in her pussy and felt herself becoming ever
more wet. She wanted to try the pony even if it did hurt her pussy.
"This next excellent piece of bondage equipment Sharon is called a
gynaecological table. I am sure that you have been on one similar to
this at the doctor's office. This one however has restrains for the
head, neck, arms, hands, legs, feet as well as abdomen. It allows me a
perfect view of your cunt and asshole." Mistress Laura said.
"This is the kitchen." Mistress Laura explains. "We have lots of food
here as well as drinks. When you are hungry and are not in bondage feel
free to come in here and help yourself to whatever you want." Mistress
Laura offers to Sharon.
"Are you thirsty Sharon?" Mistress enquires.
"Yes, a little mistress." Sharon replied.
Mistress Laura takes a bottle of cola from the fridge and then
retrieves two glasses from the cupboard. Next, she produces a handcuff
key and unlocks Sharon's handcuffs so she can drink. Once the
pop was drunk Mistress Laura locks her cuffs back on her and they
continue the tour.
"Thank you for the drink Mistress." Sharon chimed.
"No problem Sharon, my pleasure," Laura returned.
"This is the living room." The living room has a large screen TV with
lovely chairs and couches. The room was nice and large. There was also
a bench with straps attached to the centre of it sitting in the middle
of the room. There was also so e ring bolts in the wall again.
"The bench, is for disciplining naughty slaves, or when I feel like having a bit of fun" Laura tells Sharon.
Laura proceeds to show Sharon the four washrooms in the house, the
indoor swimming pool, the five bedrooms, the bondage beds, which were
about 70cm in width and just over two meters long. They had lots of
straps to bind someone to the bed. 
"Finally Sharon this will be your room tonight." Mistress Laura
produces a large key and unlocks a metal door for what looked like a
large prison cell on the inside. 
"This is a jail cell Sharon, only larger then real cells." Laura says.
The cell had a large queen size bed inside of it. There were pillows
and blankets a toilet and a couple of ring bolts attached to the
wall. 
"Mistress, may I ask a question?" Sharon asks.
"Yes Sharon, go right a head?" Laura says. 
"What are the rings on the wall for?" Sharon enquires.
"Ahhhhh, they are part of the bondage equipment. You see a collar is
locked around a girl's neck and a chain is attached to it. The opposite
side of the chain is attached to the ring in the wall." Mistress Laura
explains.
"Now come to my office please Sharon." Laura says while gently pulling on Sharon's leash.
Upon arriving in the office mistress Laura walks over to a drawer and
pulls out a red ball gag and says, "Open wide". The gag is put into
Sharon's mouth. All she can do is say, "mmmmmpppphhhh"
"This Sharon is a discipline bench like you saw in the living room. Kneel down on the bench please Sharon." Laura directs.
Sharon kneels down and is bound to the bench. The straps on her legs
and ankles hold her legs apart slightly so mistress can see Sharon's
shaven and waxed pussy and anus. Sharon's arms are also bound to the
sides of the bench.
"I have seen your wet pussy and I can tell that it is hungry for action
Sharon. This is what I do with all of my new slaves. You will get at
least one orgasm tonight."
Mistress Laura reaches inside a drawer and pulls out a strap on dildo
that resembled a large penis. She then laced the strap around her
waist. 
"Have you ever been fucked doggy style Sharon?" Laura asks.
"Mmmmmmpppphhh," is all that Sharon can do to reply.
"If not you are soon going to be." Mistress Laura warns.
Mistress Laura then gently lubricates the dildo then gently slides the dildo inside Sharon's hot and wet pussy.
"Mmmmmmmmm," Sharon moans through her ball gag.
"You like that don't you Sharon?" Mistress Laura asks. "Soon you will
learn the ins and outs of pleasure that only two women can give each
other."
The strap on kept moving in and out of Sharon's cunt and it was bushing up against her now enlarged clitoris as well. 
"Mmmmm," Sharon chimed as she was getting close to cumming.
Suddenly a nice moan came from Sharon as her pelvic muscles and sphincter contracted to give her a powerful orgasm.
"Your cumming Sharon, keep going," Mistress Laura said as she kept stimulating Sharon's now sensitive clitoris and labia.
Once Sharon had stopped orgasming mistress Laura undid her restraints
and let Sharon stand up. Sharon's ball gag was also removed.
"Did you enjoy that Sharon? Your pussy certainly seemed to." Mistress Laura remarks.
"Yes I did enjoy it mistress! It was a amazing!!!" Sharon exclaimed happily.
"Did you like being bound, gagged, and helpless of the situation Sharon?" Laura asks.
"Yes mistress I did. It was a fantasy come true for me." Sharon replied.
"Good I'm glad that you enjoyed it. There will be much more of that to
come believe me. In time I will turn you into a well disciplined slave
eager to serve your mistress or whoever your mistress tells you to
serve." Laura says.
"Now there is something that you can do for me." Laura says.

"What's that mistress?" Sharon enquires.
"You can service my cunt with your tongue." Laura tells her.
Sharon then becomes quiet. She has never performed oral sex on a woman
before, only men. She of course had dreamed of doing this to women but
now that the opportunity had arisen she was not sure if she could do it.
"Here, this is a ring gag. This will hold your mouth open and will
force you to service my pussy with your tongue and nose." Mistress
Laura says as she places the ring gag in Sharon's mouth.
Next Laura places a black sticky rubber thing on the bridge of Sharon's nose. 
"The thing on your nose has raised nubs on it so your nose can stimulate my pussy and clitoris Sharon." Laura informs her.
"Mistress Laura then lays on the bed and spreads her legs widely. She
positions herself so that her legs are dangling off the bed to make it
easier for Sharon to service her pussy.
"Okay Sharon I will tell you how to bring pleasure to another woman.
First, place a finger or two inside of me to see how wet I am." Laura
described.
Sharon dips a finger slowly into Mistress Laura's moist cunt and finds it nice and slippery. 
"Mmmmmm", Laura moans. "Now put your tongue in and massage my pussy lips with it slowly Sharon." Laura says.
Sharon does just that and it was a strange feeling to her. Mistress
Laura's pussy was a perfectly made twat like you would find on porno
girls. Her clitoris was just sneaking out of its little hood. 
"Okay, now put your tongue on my clit." Laura was rubbing her hands
over her own breasts as well as teasing and pinching her nipples.
"Get your nose in there now on my clit." Laura tells Sharon.
Sharon's tongue and nose worked away at Laura's pussy until Mistress
Laura began to moan with pleasure. Her pelvic muscles contracted and
her entire body shook with an explosive orgasm.
"Mmmmmmm that was an awesome cum. Sharon you did a good job for a
beginner. You certainly know how to please a girl." Laura said as she
congratulated her. 
Mistress Laura then unbuckled the ring gag and removed the black piece
of rubber from Sharon's nose. A collar and leash are placed around
Sharon's neck. Mistress Laura begins to wipe her pussy of her own love
juices. She then hands the Kleenex box to Sharon so that she can wipe
her own pussy and face. 
"Come Sharon, we will go wash our hands and then go to the kitchen. Rachel has prepared a snack for us." Laura directed.
In the kitchen Rachel has indeed prepared a snack. The three girls
munched on crackers, Caesar salad, apples, oranges, and drank milk.
"We have to keep slim." Laura said jokingly.
The three girls finished eating and then Rachel asked for permission to
conclude her workday. Mistress Laura grants permission for the night
and Rachel heads off to the living room to watch a movie. 
"Come Sharon I have more to show you." Laura says.
"Mistress leads Sharon all the way down to the dungeon and pulls some
drawers open that contain all different kinds of gags, dildo's, and
bondage equipment.
"What types of gags are you familiar with Sharon?" Laura asks.
"Well, there is the ball gag, ring gag, penis gag, butterfly gag, harness ball gag, bit gag, and the jaw spreaders. 
"Very good. Very good indeed. How do you know about all of that? Mistress Laura asks?"
"I look at bondage on the internet mistress." Sharon answered.
"I see. Well you seem to like bondage don't you Sharon?" Laura asks.
"Yes mistress I do." Sharon replies.
"Good then you will not have a problem being bound and gagged here for half an hour." Laura says.
"What did I do wrong mistress?" Sharon asked worriedly.
"You didn't do anything wrong dear. You have been a good slave so far.
You did a wonderful job at servicing my pussy, but part of being a
slave girl is about being placed in bondage. Now put your hands in the
restraints please." Laura says.
Sharon puts her hands into the restraints and mistress Laura locks them
on to her wrists and raises her arms above her head. Next a red rubber
harness ball gag is placed in Sharon's mouth and buckled under her chin
and then at the nape of her neck. Mistress Laura removes the collar and
leash and attaches a tall posture collar, which is made out of rubber
around Sharon's neck. The collar is then padlocked behind her
neck. 
"Slave girls must learn that pain and pleasure are much the same. This
is a posture collar; it will prevent you from being able to move your
head and neck." Mistress Laura explained to Sharon. 
"Mmmmmmmmmmppphhh," is all that Sharon can say through her harness gag.
"I have another delightful treat for you Sharon." Mistress Laura tells Sharon. "I have clamps for your nipples."
Mistress Laura walks over to a wooden dresser in the room and produces
a pair of silver nipple clamps. She then rubs Sharon's breasts and
nipples and rolls the nipples between her thumb and forefinger, which
causes the nipples to become erect. 
"Mmmmmmmm," is all Sharon can do to protest against the nipple clamps as they are placed on each of her nipples. 
"Nipple clamps do not hurt Sharon, it is removing them that hurts the
most. In time I think you will enjoy them and even look forward to
them. Another good thing about nipple clamps Sharon, is they make a
girls twat really hot and wet. I suspect that yours will be as well."
Mistress Laura explains as she strokes Sharon's pussy.
"I will see you in half an hour Sharon. Rachel will be in to check on you soon to make sure that you are okay. I look after my slaves." Laura said.

While Sharon stood there in bondage she began to think about how
beautiful mistress Laura was. She had long brown hair down past her
shoulders, brown eyes and she looked a bit like a Latino with the
tanned skin. She had a slender narrow nose, a nice smile and teeth as
well. Mistress Laura's breasts looked to be about a "d", cup to Sharon
even though she had not seen her mistress topless. 
Mistress Laura wore a black cat suit. Her pussy was soft and warm as
well as a lovely shade of pink. Sharon adored how her clitoris
protruded from its little hood when it was stimulated. Sharon estimated
Laura to be about 180cm tall and about 56 kg. Laura's age Sharon
thought was about 25 or so.
"Okay Sharon times up." Mistress Laura came in and un-did the posture
collar and harness gag. She then began to remove the spreader bar.
"What do you say Sharon?" Laura asked.
"Thank you Mistress for removing my bondage gear." Sharon squeaked.
"Good, one of a slave girls qualities is her manner's to her mistress
and others. You must always be polite when you are here." Mistress Laura
warns as she removes Sharon's nipple clamps.
"Ahhhhhhhh." Sharon screams
"Come now Sharon it is time for bed. You and Rachel shall sleep together tonight."
Mistress Laura led Sharon down the hallway to the jail cell that she
had been shown earlier. Rachel was standing at the door naked waiting
for them.
"Go wash up and brush your teeth girls then we are all going to bed." Laura told them.
Sharon and Rachel went to the bathroom and cleaned up. Mistress Laura
entered and attached leather chastity belts around their waists. 
"That will keep you two from playing with each others pussies tonight
girls. We can't have you getting off especially when I have not
approved it." Mistress Laura tells Sharon and Rachel.
Mistress Laura, then puts a leather collar around each of they're necks
and padlocks it from the back. A chain is attached to the front of the
collar. The end of the collar is attached to a ringbolt in the wall of
the jail cell. 
"Have a good night girls. I will be around to get you up in the
morning. You have a full day of slave training tomorrow Sharon. I hope
that you are looking forward to it as much as I am." Mistress Laura
says with a smile.
With that said Laura closes the cell door and locks Sharon and Rachel
inside. Two slave girls locked in a room together with collar around
their necks chained to the wall as well as chastity belts locked
around they're cunts. 
"How do you like Mistress so far Sharon?" Rachel asks.
"Ummmm she's kind of kinky." Sharon replies.
Rachel laughs and then says, "You have just seen the tip of the iceberg."
"You are very pretty Sharon and I enjoyed shaving your pussy this
evening. You have a perfectly shaped cunt." Rachel tells Sharon.
"Well I liked it. It is a whole new feeling to have the open air on my pussy. Your pussy is pretty as well." Sharon says.
"So how come you decided to be a slave girl Sharon? Especially a lesbian slave girl?"
"Well men just didn't do it for me. They liked me just for the sex and
I wanted more then that. I also had fantasies of women for a long time
so I decided that it was time for a change. " Sharon lamented.
"Did you ever have sex with a woman before?" Rachel asked.
"Not until tonight when Mistress Laura used a strap on in my pussy and when I serviced her orally." Sharon said.
"Wow, that's really good for your first time. You must have impressed mistress." Rachel told Sharon.
"How old is mistress Rachel and is this her house?"
"Mistress is 25 and yes this is her house. Mistress is very wealthy.
Her parents own a major oil company as well as a large group of
recycling companies. Mistress Laura owns this house." Rachel explains
to Sharon.
"How wealthy is she exactly?" Sharon asks.
"Well she is a millionaire. Her parents give her 1/3 of the company
profits as well as stock options. So let's say that mistress is loaded".
Rachel tells Sharon. "But even though she has a lot of money she is not a snob. She went to
university and studied business, which was to help her run the company.
She gives money to charities, runs, works out, volunteers at soup
kitchens and built several homeless shelters for the city." Rachel
explains
"Of course her hobby is dominating women?" Sharon says laughing.
"Yes, this is her hobby. A lot of masters and mistresses charge their
slaves a lot of money to be placed in bondage, gagged and whipped but
mistress does it for free. She really cares about her slaves as well.
Mistress Laura is a good mistress. She will look after you well if you
do your best. She will help you out when you are down or need money.
Plus you will be rewarded sexually, affectionately and in many other
ways that only lesbians can understand." Rachel said.
"What made you want to become a slave girl Rachel?"
"Well a lot of the same reasons as you really. Growing up I didn't
really have a good childhood. My parents were always away and I fell
into drugs when I was a teen. When I smartened up I went to university.
The university that I attended was the same as Mistress Laura. I was
studying a Bachelor's of Arts. My ambition was to become a lawyer."
"Mistress Laura was in her third year and I was in my first year when I
met her. We lived in the same dorm together but on different floors.
One night she invited me to her room. We talked and watch a movie.
Before we knew it we were kissing, and touching each other's breasts
and pussies. Mistress Laura introduced me to Lesbianism and BDSM."
Rachel concluded.
"Wow, quite the story there." Sharon said. "Do you work for mistress?"
"Yes, I do. I am her live in slave girl/maid. I am free to basically do
as I wish. Mistress pays me $60,000 a year as well as six weeks paid
vacation, full dental, medical, and eye care plan. Like I said Mistress
Laura looks after her slaves very well." Rachel explained.
"But what about finishing your degree and being a lawyer?" Sharon asked.
"Well I did finish my degree while mistress and I attended a lesbian
mistress together in college. I don't care if I become a lawyer now. I
can always leave if I want too but being a lawyer is not as glamorous
as people think it is. This way I get $60,000 a year even if it means
getting a dildo up my pussy, a butt plug up my ass and having to be
whipped, gagged and made to wear latex and rubber sometimes. It is a
small price to pay for the money really." Rachel lamented.
"So you are a live in slave/ maid?" Sharon asked?
"Yup, but I am a little higher then a slave girl though I do a lot of
the same things. I am mistresses' assistant. I have to shave all the
girls' pussies, anuses and armpits. I also assist in the training of
the slaves and clean the house and do other things for mistress. Of
course I am also available when mistress wants to dominate me." Rachel
explains in detail.
"Sounds like a unique position." Sharon says. "You don't see jobs like
this posted in the news paper. "Wanted: A slave girl/maid." Sharon says
laughing.
Rachel laughing, "I suppose not but I do enjoy my job."
"Mistress never leaves a girl in here alone on her first night so I
always spend at least the first night in here with her. Tonight that
new girl is you." Rachel tells.
The two girls catch a glimpse of each others eyes and Rachel asked if she has ever sucked a girls tits?
"No I never have." Sharon replies.
"Want to try it? Mistress will be making you do it to her eventually
anyway. You might as well get some practice in." Rachel tells Sharon.
"Okay." Sharon says.
The two girls lay down on the bed and Sharon begins to suck Rachel's tits. Rachel gives her instructions like nibble etc.
"Too bad we couldn't cum together but mistress likes to keep our pussy
juices stored up. Plus she hates masturbation unless she allows it."
Rachel says while tugging at her chastity belt.
With the nipple sucking finished the two girls kiss each other good
night and crawl under the covers. They adjust their collars so that
they are more comfortable on the neck so they can sleep. Rachel and Sharon fall asleep in each other's arms. They slept warmly and cosily until the morning.
"Wakie wakie girls, time to get up." Mistress Laura tells them as she
pulls the blankets off the bed and unlocks their collars.
Rachel and Sharon drowsily saunter out of bed and say, "good morning mistress."
"What do we do now?" Sharon asked Rachel half yawning.
"We get our chastity belts removed to go shower and use the washroom." Rachel answered.
Mistress Laura comes by and unlocks the belts. The shower area has three showers, which are all open. There are no
barriers between the showers for privacy. Laura, Rachel and Sharon each
wash themselves and brushed their hair. Mistress Laura showed Sharon
some perfume. 
"Slave girls must always smell nice for their mistress." Laura said as
she sprayed some of the perfume around Sharon's mons pubis.
Once the washing and perfuming had been completed mistress Laura locks
on a new chastity belt on Sharon as well as black high heel shoes. Next
is a black leather collar for her neck, which is also locked on. Mistress Laura, dresses into a pair of blue latex bikini underwear
complete two large dildos inside for her appropriate pleasure slots.
Next she puts on a blue latex cat suit with high heels. Rachel pulls
Laura's hair back and puts it into a twist. Rachel dresses herself in a plain black chastity belt as per mistress Laura's instructions.

"Now that that is completed girls we can go have breakfast." Laura says.
"What would you like for breakfast Sharon?" Laura asks.
"Cereal if you have any mistress." Sharon responds.
"Okay what do you want to drink?" Laura says.
"Do you have any orange juice mistress?"
"Certainly I do. Here you go." Mistress Laura says while pouring Sharon a glass or orange juice. 
The three girls eat their breakfasts together and read the newspapers
that Mistress Laura receives. The Globe and Mail, Toronto Star and the
National Post. The scene was like a normal family except one wore
latex, and the other two wore a chastity belt. No bra's were worn
either as well as collars locked onto their necks and shoes locked onto
their feet. After breakfast, Mistress Laura released Sharon and Rachel from their
belts so they could pee. The girls then brushed their teeth and put on
make up. 
"Come girls it is time to get ready for work." Mistress Laura says. 
Rachel and Sharon follow Laura to the dungeon. Laura opens up a cabinet
that is filled with many latex and rubber outfits. Mistress Laura takes
two outfits out of the cabinet. Mistress Laura then walks over to a drawer and pulls out two latex
thongs and two-rubber bras. Finally she pulls out two black posture
collars and two black harness ball gags. Mistress Laura then removes Rachel and Sharon's shoes and collars.
"Ladies, you will both be wearing a latex French maid uniform for your
cleaning duties this morning." Mistress Laura begins. "Both of you will
wear these black things complete with a dildo and a butt plug inside of
them. The dildo also has rubber nubs to stimulate your clitorises."
"Your breasts shall also be stimulated with these bra's. They have
little rubber spikes inside if them in the nipple area that will drive
your breasts and pussy insane with the stimulation." Laura outlined. "In addition to this you will both wear chastity belts so you cannot
remove the thong or pleasure yourself. If you have to go to the
bathroom you must find me to unlock your belt." Laura warned.
"Here put the thongs on." Laura directed while handing them each a thong. "Rachel, I would like you to help Sharon get dressed first then you can dress."
"Yes mistress Laura." Rachel said as she takes Sharon's thong and
begins to lubricate the dildo and the butt plug with lube. 
"Since you have never had any ass play Sharon you may or may not like
the butt plug at first. But, I'm sure you will like the feeling soon
enough. You will also be fucked up the ass later in addition to being
fucked in your pussy." Laura cautioned.
"You always must lubricate the dildo's and butt plugs Sharon. Your
rectum does not produce lubrication on it's own like a cunt does. If
you do not lubricate the plug it can hurt your anus when it is
inserted." Rachel says.
With the dildo and butt plug thoroughly coated in lube Rachel,
hands the thong to Sharon and to put it on. Rachel helps Sharon steer
the invaders into they're appropriate ports. Then she pushed the dildo
and butt plug further into their orifices. Sharon let's out a sigh of
pleasure as she feels the raised bumps moving against her clitoris. The butt plug felt different since she had never had anything inserted
in her ass before but it was a pleasant feeling. It was almost as
comfortable as the dildo was. 
"Asses have many nerve endings Sharon. Try walking with the thong on and you will feel it even more." Mistress Laura says.
Next Rachel helps Sharon put on black latex slacks then black leather
shoes are locked onto her feet. Next comes the bra with the rubber
spikes to stimulate her nipples. Sharon really did not need the bra
since her nipples were fully at attention after the dildo and butt plug
were put on but it went on anyway. Mistress Laura took notice of this and pinched Sharon's nipples.
Next was the chastity belt, which was black in colour. This chastity
belt was different then the others she had worn. The belt was made out
of metal but was coated in rubber. The belt completely covered her bone
area as well as genitals and rear. The belt was locked on her with a
padlock. Now comes the top. A black latex top was put on Sharon but it was low
cut enough to show her cleavage however with the bra. The top also had
sleeves on it that covered her arms in tight fitting latex. Sharon felt
so alive. Her sex was on fire. She loved the look and feel of the black
latex.
Rachel then pulls Sharon's hair back into a bit of a ponytail and a
hair clip in inserted to keep her hair out of her face while she
worked. Sharon saw herself in the mirror and she was impressed by what she saw. She looked very sexy. Rachel then did Sharon's make-up. She put on lipstick, eye shadow
blush, and eyeliner. Rachel was very good at doing make up too. The
colours matched her skin tone and eyes perfectly. Mistress Laura then gave Sharon a pair in black latex gloves to wear.
"Okay Sharon, gag time?" Mistress Laura said. The large black rubber
harness ball gag was pressed into Sharon's mouth and buckled underneath
her chin and then at the back of her neck.
"Mmmmmpppphhhh", Sharon grunts.
"You seem to accept the gag well Sharon. That is really good to see. I
like the look of a girl in bondage wearing a nice gag." Mistress Laura
says to Sharon.
"Now this is a posture collar Sharon. This will take a bit to get used to but I know you can do it." Laura encourages.
The posture collar is made from thick black leather and is about six
inches tall. The collar also had a,"D" ring on the front of it. One the
back there is a hasp and lock so the wearer cannot remove the collar
without the mistresses' permission. Mistress Laura was right; the collar did take some getting used to.
Sharon found that it held her head erect and she could not move her
head from side to side. 
Rachel began to get into her thong. The thong looked really nice around
her pubis and the look of pleasure on her face as the dildo and butt
plug went home made Sharon's pussy twinge. Rachel finished putting the rest off the outfit on including the skirt
and white apron. Mistress Laura then put a large black harness ball gag
on her as well. The collar was also locked onto Rachel's neck. 
"Now girls, here are your cleaning duties. Rachel I want you to clean
all the dirty dildos, butt plugs and any latex or rubber which needs to
be cleaned as well as the gags. After that you are to clean the kitchen
and wash my dirty street clothes."
"Sharon, you are to clean all the bathrooms very thoroughly. That means
the tub, toilet, sink, floor etc. Once you have finished the bathrooms
you are to dust the furniture in the dungeon." Mistress Laura instructs the slaves on their cleaning duties.
"Now here is the penalty for a bad cleaning job sluts. You will be
placed in strict bondage and have your arms bound and made to clean
with a toothbrush in your gag. After that you will have your breasts
and pussy whipped. That is only if you do a bad cleaning job. Now get
to work girls!" Mistress Laura orders.
Sharon had never worn anything like this outfit before. She kind of
liked the look and feel of it except for the high heels locked onto her
feet. The dildo in her moist sex gently stimulated her pussy. She was very
aroused especially with the feeling off the thong on her newly shaven
pubic area. The thong felt even better then her own with her pussy hair
now removed. The butt plug was getting more and more comfortable. It did expand her
sphincter muscle on doubt and it made her feel kind of bad at the same
time. She had never been stimulated anally but she loved it. Her bra was awesome. She loved how the rubber spikes in the bra were assaulting her nipples. It even made her pussy wet. One other drawback that Sharon found was the posture collar. It was
weird having to hold one's head to strait. This was not easy to do when
you were cleaning.
Sharon began to clean the toilet starting first with the inside of it.
She made sure that she cleaned the toilet so it was spotless on the
inside and the outside. She really did not want to get her breasts and
pussy whipped. The thought about it did intrigue her however. She felt
another twinge in her pussy just thinking about it. She did like the
feeling that the nipple clamps had on her last night. She hoped that
Mistress Laura would use them on her again soon.
After finishing the bathrooms Sharon headed to the dungeon to dust the
furniture. She dusted the pain box, wooden pony; St. Andrew's cross the
cravats as well as the punishment benches. It was now 12:00 and both Rachel and Sharon had been working very hard
cleaning. Sharon's jaw now ached from the gag and her neck was also
stiff from the collar. Her pussy was still very much alive as was her
ass but even these orifices were beginning to get tired of the constant
stimulation. Mistress Laura called both girls into the kitchen and removed the collars and the gags.
"There you go, both of you have worked very hard so neither of you will
punished. We will have lunch now and then you will both be briefed on
the afternoon's activities." Mistress Laura said.
The three girls had steak, potatoes, peas, carrots and juice for
dinner. The dinner was also followed with some television time. Mistress Laura announced the afternoon itinerary after unlocking the girls so they could go to the bathroom.
"Rachel, you are to wear the thong for the rest of the afternoon as
well as the bra. Get into some of your regular clothes because I want
you to go and do the grocery shopping. Here is the list of the things
that we need. Sharon you will be trained in discipline and bondage for
the rest of the afternoon. I want you to strip naked now Sharon."
Mistress Laura said.
"Yes mistress", Sharon replied.
Mistress Laura asked Sharon to follow her and they went to the dungeon.
Inside the dungeon Mistress Laura opened a cupboard and took out an arm
binder, a black inflatable butterfly harness gag, a spreader bar as
well as a feather. Of course a tall posture collar was taken out as
well. Sharon was still wearing the high heels locked onto her
feet. 
"Spread your legs Sharon", Mistress Laura said. The spreader bar was
placed between her legs, which were widely spread apart. 
"Mmmmmm nice pussy you have there Sharon." Mistress Laura commented. "It is very lovely. Nice folds."
"Thank you mistress." Sharon replied. "I like your pussy too."
Laura feels her own sex for a moment and then says, "Hands behind your
back. This is an arm binder Sharon. This will ensure that you cannot
resist or touch yourself. An arm binder will push your breasts forward
making your boobs look even bigger. You will also feel some pain in
your shoulders since it will be tightly laced."
Once the arm binder was finished being laced up Mistress Laura then pulled Sharon's arms backwards so she was bent over.
"That is a very submissive position Sharon. It is one of my favourites
for slaves especially when they are wearing an arm binder." Mistress
Laura explains.
Next the rubber butterfly gag was inserted into her mouth. Mistress
Laura pumped the gag up in her mouth so that her cheeks bulged. This
was not risky or painful since Mistress Laura took care not to pump the
gag up too much. The gag pushed Sharon's tongue down and she could not
speak. She adjusted to breathing through her lovely nose. Sharon
thought that the butterfly gag tasted worse then the ball gags that she
had worn.
Mistress Laura now puts the leather posture collar on Sharon's neck and locks it on her.
"Be right back," Mistress Laura says.
Mistress Laura returns wearing a rubber thong and carrying a dildo and
a white feather. Mistress Laura is also topless. Laura takes the
feather and begins to tickle Sharon's nipples.
"Do you like that Sharon? A girl's nipples are very sensitive. It is
like a cable is connected to the pussy that sends it waves of pleasure."
Mistress Laura says.
"Mmmmmmmm", Sharon protests through her gag.
"Take it easy Sharon." Mistress Laura says inserting a finger into Sharon's cunt. "You have to get used to tit clamps."
Mistress Laura was now lightly running the feather over Sharon's pussy
tickling her outer labia and then her inner lips. She then paused on
her clitoral hood that made Sharon's clitoris peek out from its hood.
After a few minutes of this Sharon's cunt was drenched. Mistress Laura then grabbed the dildo and began to slowly insert it into Sharon's wet sex.
"Mmmmmm", Sharon says.
"Do you like having your cunt stimulated by the dildo?" Laura asks. 
"mmmmmm," Sharon replies.
"Yeah it feels good doesn't it Sharon? I will take you to kingdom cum with this too." Laura warns.
Mistress Laura did not have to work at Sharon's pussy long to bring her
to orgasm. Sharon's pussy exploded into a powerful orgasm that made her
vaginal muscles grip the dildo in her sex. Sharon was so wet that some
of her love juices dribbled down her leg and onto the floor.
"Now for some discipline." Mistress said as she produces some clamps, which have weights, attached to them.
"These are pussy clamps Sharon, they will be clamped onto your outer
labia and will cause some pain and some discomfort in your pussy. They
will also make you more wet." Laura said
"Ahhhh", Sharon mutters as the clamps are attached.
Mistress Laura laughs and says, "Don't worry Sharon, I won't leave you
too long. Just be glad that you don't have a clamp of your clitoris as
well."
With that Mistress Laura leaves the room. Sharon is left bound and gagged to stew.
About thirty minutes later Mistress Laura returns with a smaller thick
rubber collar and a leash. Mistress Laura is now wearing a red rubber
cat suit, which has a dildo inside with rubber nubs on it to stimulate
her clitoris. The suit also has a butt plug that nicely fills her ass.
Of course her nipples are stimulated as well with the bra with rubber
spikes. To top off her outfit she is wearing a large fake cock
strapped onto her pubic area.
Sharon is un-bound and her gag is removed as well as the posture collar. The clamps are also removed from her pussy.
"How did you find the clamps and arm binder Sharon?" Laura asks Sharon.
"Pleasurable mistress." Sharon replies.
"Good, that is how it should be." Laura returns.
The leash is now attached to a new collar and mistress Laura leads Sharon to her bedroom. Mistress Laura's bedroom is very nice indeed with a lovely soft vanilla
carpet, a large TV with a stereo and a DVD player as well as a VCR.
There is also a computer on a nice oak desk and then there is Mistress
Laura's dresser and closet. The bed is a large king size bed with very nice sheets and blankets.
One sheet is made out of satin and another is silk. There are five
blankets on the bed and one is wool. On the walls there are pictures of
naked girls in bondage and pictures or Laura and Rachel naked
together. There is an odd piece of furniture on the floor. It is a wooden bench
with straps on it. Sharon wonders how it is used. 
"Over here Sharon." Mistress Laura says directing her slave to the odd
piece of furniture on the floor. Mistress Laura attaches a chain to the
collar, which is short. The chair makes Sharon keep her head down and
ass raised high into the air. The straps are then buckled onto her,
which kept her arms pulled back. Sharon's legs are also restrained so
they kept her pussy exposed. 
"You are going to get fucked up the ass Sharon." Mistress begins.
Sharon felt slightly worried when she heard the words, "fucked up the
ass", even though she had wanted anal sex and she enjoyed the butt plug.
"Don't worry Sharon anal sex is very fun and some girls can even cum
from only having their asses stimulated. It won't hurt you either I
promise." Mistress Laura reassured Sharon while stroking Sharon's
breasts. Sharon has a red ball gag placed into her mouth that is tightly strapped in. 
Mistress Laura says tells Sharon that she will feel some cold stuff
around her ass as she begins to lubricate Sharon's anus for the
cock. 
"Okay time to lose your anal virginity Sharon." Mistress Laura says as
she slowly begins to penetrate Sharon's anus. "Take some nice deep
breaths Sharon to relax your sphincters." Laura tells Sharon.
"How do you like it so far?" Laura asks. 
"Mmmmmph", Sharon's muffles through her ball gag.
Mistress Laura then starts to feel Sharon's breasts as well as pinching
her nipples. She makes her way back to Sharon's pussy and starts to
finger it. 
"Pussy is still wet. I like to see that Sharon. Girls are much better
lovers then men. We look good in thongs and bikini's plus we can be
more nasty." Mistress Laura said as the cock is being rammed into
Sharon's asshole. 
"You're close now aren't you Sharon?" Laura asks while gently rubbing Sharon's clitoris.
Sharon burst into another orgasm. Her pussy squirted out the cunt
juice, which ran down her legs. During the cum Mistress Laura stopped
thrusting and left the cock in Sharon's ass. Sharon's sphincter muscle
gripped the cock as she orgasmed. After the cum the cock was removed from Sharon's ass. Sharon was also
unbound and had her gag removed. Mistress Laura handed her a box of
tissues so she could wipe herself. 
"How did you like anal sex Sharon?" 
"It was awesome mistress. I thought that the butt plug was good but that was ten times better!!!!" Sharon replied.
"I am glad that you enjoyed it. I'm sure you liked the boob and pussy
touching as well? That was quite a cum that you just had Sharon. I
think that with more practice you could cum with only anal
stimulation." Laura tells Sharon.
"Now you can help me." Mistress Laura says while removing her catsuit.
"I need you to service me orally. I want you to service my anus too.
Don't worry I washed it before putting the catsuit on." Laura explains.
Mistress Laura then removes her bra and thong. "Mmmmmm", she sighs with
pleasure as the butt plug and dildo are removed from their
orifices. 
"Sharon, in the bottom drawer you will find a latex bikini and a
chastity belt as well as a harness ring gag. Go and get them please."
Laura orders. 
"Yes Mistress." Sharon says.
"Put them on please." Laura asks.
Mistress Laura closes the lock on Sharon's chastity belt and places the
harness gag in her mouth. Next a sticky black piece of studded rubber
is placed on Sharon's nose, which will help to stimulate Laura's
clitoris. Mistress Laura then lays on her back on the bed and positions herself
so her feet hands over the edge. Her pussy and ass are also on the edge
of the bed to make it easy for Sharon to pleasure her. 
"Begin." Laura says.
Sharon gingerly sits down on her knees and places her wet tongue on Laura's labia and begins to lick them. 
"Mmmmmm", Laura moans with her eyes closed. While playing with her breasts.
"Clit Sharon," Laura directs.
A little later Laura says, "ass." So Sharon tongued her anus.
"Mmmmmm clit." Laura says again.
Soon a lot of mooning is heard from Laura as Sharon places her nose
deeper into Laura's pussy and starts to stimulate Laura's clit with it.
Sharon kissed Laura's pussy too as Laura was rubbing her breasts and
pinching her nipples. . Laura's kitty erupted into a mighty orgasm.
"Mmmmmmm", Mistress Laura says as she pushed Sharon away from her pussy
so she could pleasure herself for a bit. In a moment later Laura had a
second orgasm. 
"You did an excellent job pleasuring my pussy Sharon. Pleasuring your
mistresses' pussy is a skill that has to be mastered by every slave.
You need some more practice but I think you are a natural pussy eater."
Laura congratulated Sharon. Mistress Laura removes Sharon's ring gag but the chastity belt, collar and latex bikini remain. 
"Come, Rachel should be back home by now and I'm hungry. The belt has
to stay on unless you need to go to the bathroom Sharon. I can't have
you getting off during training."
The two girls meet up with Rachel who asks for permission to remove her
latex thong with the dildo and putt plug inside. Mistress Laura grants
permission and Rachel dresses in normal street clothes. The three girls
munch down on some hamburgers, fries as well as some cola for
supper. 
After supper the girls relaxed and watched a movie and then some
lesbian porn videos. Rachel and Laura used dildos on their pussies but
Sharon was denied this pleasure. Mistress Laura told her that she would
be pleasured later. Even so, seeing those lesbian girls going down on
each other on TV and then seeing her mistress and Rachel sliding
dildo's in and out of their snatches just made Sharon hot, wet and
frustrated. She could not do anything about it except sit there and
watch.
After the lesbian porn Mistress Laura announced that more training was
going to be held for Rachel and Sharon. Off to the dungeon the three
girls went. Sharon is bound with her arms raised and is wearing a black leather
posture collar which is also attached to her waist and chest. The
collar is designed so it keeps her back and body perfectly erect. There
is no way that she can bend over or move her neck. Sharon is also
wearing a large harness ball gag in her mouth. She is perfectly naked
except for the gag, posture collar and a spreader bar. 
Rachel is placed into a, "pain box." This looks very painful and it is.
Rachel's arms are put into an arm binder that is attached to the box. A
wooden collar goes around her neck, which holds her neck straight and
stiff. Next Rachel's legs are raised up so that her ankles are put into
shackles attached to the wooden collar. This displays her pussy and
asshole nicely which Mistress Laura takes full advantage off. Rachel's pussy lips are clamped and then taped so that her lips spread
the pussy open. A clip is also attached to her clitoris, which makes
Rachel scream. Mistress Laura laughs and says, "It isn't that bad
Rachel. I promise I will not leave you in there too long." 
Nipple clamps are also put on each of Rachel's nipples, which have their weights, attached to them.
"Ooooooo", Laura says as she lubricates a large butt plug and pushes it
into Rachel's tight anus. The plug has a wire coming from the end of
it. This was for electro sex. The feeling that Rachel would get is it
would feel like her ass was being continually fucked. To finish Rachel
off Laura, inserted a nose hook into her nostrils that pulled her head
and neck backwards. Next a dental jaw spreader gag was placed in her
mouth spreading her jaws widely. 
"The pain box is for more advanced slaves Sharon. In time you too will
be placed in that and other pain boxes. Rachel just loves the box and
the clit clamp." Laura says with a smile.
"Now Sharon it is time to experience the whip." Laura says.
Mistress Laura then produces a crop and begins to circle Sharon. Sharon
had always wanted to be whipped but now was a bit scared.
Thwack, the crop lands on her ass.
Thwack, on her back.
Thwack, on her ass again.
Thwack, on her breasts.
Thwack, breasts again. 
All Sharon could do is scream into her gag. But the scream was one of
pleasure as well as pain. She could feel her sex dampening again. Being
whipped by a beautiful mistress and seeing another girl being placed in
strict bondage just made Sharon's day.
"Do you like that Sharon?"

"Mmmmmmm," Sharon says.
"I take that as a yes then." Laura replies.
Thwack, Sharon's other breast was cropped.
Next the insides of her legs were cropped. 
Thwack, the crop now landed on Sharon's inner pussy lips. The labia stung. Thwack, her pussy was whipped again.
"Okay, that's enough off the whip. I just wanted to give you a taste of it Sharon." Mistress Laura said.
Mistress Laura inserted a dildo and a butt plug into Sharon's orifices
and then attached a harness to keep the dildo and plug from falling
out. Nipple clamps are also placed on her nipples. Rachel meanwhile has all of her nose hook removed. A black studded
piece of rubber is placed on her nose. Laura then spreads her legs and
straddles Rachel's mouth. Rachel begins to eat Laura's pussy. Sharon is a bit jealous she wishes that she were the slave eating her
mistress's pussy and tasting her sweet nectar. Laura tastes really good
she thought. Even though she had no other pussies to compare the taste
to. Sharon liked the look of Rachel's pussy and hoped that she would be
allowed to service her soon. For now Sharon could only watch and
fantasize.
Laura now had herself straddling right on Rachel's nose. Laura played
with her nipples by pinching them and rubbing her breasts. Laura was
also well on the road to cumsville. Once the pussy eating was completed the girls started to get ready to
go to bed. Mistress Laura let the girls go to the bathroom and to pee
and brush their teeth before she locked them into their chastity belts
again. Rachel and Sharon were going to be spending another nigh
together in the dungeon. Sharon likes the thoughts of that very
much. 
Sharon and Rachel had the leather collars and chains placed around
their necks. The chains were bolted to the wall and attached to a "D",
ring on the front of the collar. Mistress Laura closed the door and
locked the two lesbians into their cell. Rachel and Sharon began to kiss and feel each other's breasts. Rachel
tells Sharon about her trip to the grocery store. The two girls also
reflect back on the evening's events. Soon the two girls are curled up
to each other in the bed sound asleep. 
"Wakie wakie sluts", Mistress Laura says. "You have a full day ahead of you Sharon and so do you Rachel."
The girls were unlocked from the chastity belts to go to the washroom then they showered together. In the kitchen they ate waffles, apples and drank milk. The girls had no papers to read today since this was Sunday. 
"Sunday is a day that is a bit more relaxing Sharon but there will still be cleaning and training." Mistress Laura says.
After breakfast the girls brushed their teeth and their hair. Mistress Laura ten tells them what they will be wearing. 
"Today Sharon will be wearing the same outfit as yesterday. Rachel you
will wear a latex swim cap for your hair as well as a blue thong that
has a dildo and a butt plug built into it. You will also wear blue
shoes, a low cut rubber top with open breast cups so your breasts will
be exposed. Finally you will also wear a latex hood which will cover
your face." Mistress Laura stipulates.
The hood has eye, mouth and nose holes. Mistress Laura attaches a metal
chastity belt around Rachel's waist once she has finished putting on
her latex and rubber. A black posture collar made out of thick rubber
was placed around Rachel's neck and locked on. An inflatable penis gag
was placed in her mouth and pumped up filling her mouth giving her the
wonderful taste of rubber in her mouth. Next, shackles were placed
around Rachel's ankles. And nipple clamps with a chain connecting the
clamps were placed attached to her nipples. 
Sharon put on a black thong, which had a dildo and butt plug. Next she
but on tight black latex pants as well as a rubber bra with studded
nubs for her nipples. A black latex low cut top with also put on.
Mistress Laura locked a chastity belt around her waist as well so she
could not masturbate or remove the thong. Sharon's hair was placed in a metal clip and she put on make up and
rubber latex gloves. Mistress Laura then pushed a red rubber harness
ball gag into Sharon's mouth. 
"Mmmmmph." Sharon squealed with delight. 
To finish off the procedure a tall black posture collar was locked
around Sharon's neck and black high heels shoes were locked onto her
ankles with small padlocks. 
"Okay sluts here are your cleaning areas." Rachel, you will clean the
playroom and my bedroom as well as the kitchen. Sharon, you will clean
the cell and dust the living room and vacuum it." Laura said. "If there is any touching between you two then I will punish you both
with strict bondage for the entire afternoon. Do you understand sluts?"
"Mmmmpppphhh", Rachel and Sharon both said in unison through the gags to symbolize that they understood.
Sharon felt very aroused in the latex and with the gag in her mouth.
The collar made her neck rigid and the butt plug was nestled
comfortable in her rectum. The dildo had nubs on it that stimulated her
clitoris and worked in unison with the butt plug and bra to fuck her
body. 
"This is an amazing feeling", Sharon said to herself. She decided that
with her next pay cheque she would buy a gag as well as another thong
with a dildo and a butt plug built into it. That way she could wear the
thing to work and be stimulated and reminded of the good feelings of
latex and bondage all day long and no one would even know. As she
cleaned she orgasmed four times. "Wow, she thought, no man could make
me cum anymore then two times in a row and when I put this stuff on I
can have lots of multiple orgasms!" 
Sharon reflected back on the weekend. Even though she had been nervous
originally about coming to see a professional mistress she was glad
that she did. Sharon enjoyed all the new experiences here and she was
pleasured so many times. Sharon even liked anal sex now. She thought
that it was amazing how a girl could bring so much pain and pleasure to
another girl. 
"Break time Sharon." Mistress Laura said. 
Mistress Laura began to remove Sharon's collar and gag.
"Did you enjoy the latex and the phalluses inside you Sharon?" Laura enquired.
"Yes mistress a lot!!" Sharon said excitedly.
"How many times did you cum?" Laura asked.
"Four times mistress!" Sharon replied enthusiastically.
"Very good indeed Sharon." Laura replied.
Sharon had all the latex and bondage equipment removed. Including the
chastity belt and the latex thong. The dildo was coated in Sharon's
pussy nectar. 
"Mistress may I masturbate myself?" Sharon asked.
"No Sharon, even though your pussy is wet you will be pleasured by
Rachel shortly. I want to watch you cum." Mistress Laura told Sharon.
Mistress Laura attached a leather 1.5-inch collar around Sharon's neck and locked it on her.
Inside the dungeon Rachel was waiting for her. Rachel was naked except
for a collar around her neck, which was the same as the one on Sharon.
She was also wearing a harness ring gag and a pair of nipple clamps and
pussy clamps with weights attached to them. A clamp was also placed on
Rachel's clitoris but it did not have a weight attached. 
Sharon was bound to the same piece of equipment that she was bound to
before when she had anal sex. Sharon had a chain attached to her collar
that kept her head down and he ass high up into the air. Rachel put the
restraints on Sharon's wrists and legs as well as her upper legs, which
would spread her legs apart. Next, Rachel placed a nipple clamp with a
weight on each of Sharon's nipples. A black penis gag was placed into
Sharon's mouth and buckled at the back of her neck.
"Begin Rachel." Mistress Laura instructed.
Rachel placed her mouth on Sharon's pussy and began to tongue fuck her.
She let her warm tongue work over Sharon's labia and then she slowly
worked her tongue into the labia minora. Sharon was getting ecstatic.
Her pussy was on fire and she hoped that relief would be granted soon
by Rachel's tongue. 
"Now Sharon, while Rachel is pleasuring you the nipple clamps will
stimulate your nipples as well as keeping your pussy wet." Laura said.
Mistress Laura now began to remove her latex bikini and produced a
large dildo. Mistress Laura leaned back in her chair and began to push
and pull the dildo in and out of her own cunt.
All three of the girls were wet and horny. Rachel wished she had
something to stimulate her cunt but mistress Laura decided to deny her
of orgasms since she had missed a spot cleaning. This was a small price
to pay considering she could have been spending the rest of the day in
strict bondage and rubber or on the wooden pony. Rachel kept her tongue moving over Sharon's pussy and now was
concentrating on her clitoris. She pushed her nose deeper into Sharon's
sex and it brushed up against Sharon's clit. 
"Mmmmmmmm", Rachel thought. She loved the look and smell of Sharon's pussy.
Sharon too was getting close to cumming. She hoped that Mistress Laura
would not order Rachel to stop pleasuring her since mistress Laura was
watching her while masturbating herself. Suddenly Sharon's body began to shake in the restraints. She screamed
into her penis gag as Rachel's tongue and nose had done the trick and
had given her a powerful orgasm. Rachel's face was now covered in
Sharon's pussy juice. 
Once mistress Laura had cummed the three girls whipped their pussies
and faces. Mistress Laura then released Sharon from her bondage and
removed her clamps as well as Rachel's clamps and ring gag. 
"Girls, what do you say about going out for dinner?" Mistress Laura asked.
"Yes mistress. Oh can we mistress?" Rachel and Sharon both asked excitedly.
"Go put on blue bikini's which have a butt plug and a dildo inside of
them Sharon. Rachel, you will only have a butt plug in your bikini for
missing that spot in your cleaning you little slut. Oh, and bring back
two chastity belt as well Sharon." Mistress Laura said.
Mistress Laura also wore a latex bikini with a dildo and an oddly
shaped butt plug inside of her. The dildo had raised rubber studs to
pleasure her clitoris and keep her in an almost constant state of
arousal. The butt plug had a pump on it, which Laura pumped up several
times once it was nestled comfortably in her rectum. Mistress Laura's
ass and pussy were now totally full.
"Get Sharon some clothes Rachel." Laura said.
Sharon was given her clothes back except for her underwear since she
did not need to wear that. Mistress did not return Sharon's bra since
Laura was making Sharon and Rachel go to the restaurant braless. The girls went to a very expensive restaurant downtown and dinned like
the rich. Even though they were in a rich person's restaurant they were
not really dressed up and they did not need to be since Mistress Laura
was the owner of the restaurant.
At the restaurant Laura gave Sharon a card. "Here is your first slave
benefit Sharon? You get a 75% discount on everything when you eat here
and use this card. Just show them the card next time." 
"Wow, thank you mistress." Sharon replied.
"You're welcome Sharon." Laura said smiling.
After eating the girls returned to the house. It was now 1:30 and Sharon would be leaving at 5:00.
Mistress announced that some training was in order for Sharon. 
"Strip slave." Mistress Laura said.
Now Sharon was more comfortable with her nakedness in front of other
women. She peeled off her clothes quickly and Mistress Laura undid her
chastity belt.
"Remove the bikini please Sharon." Laura directed.
Sharon peeled off the bikini and pulled out the dildo and the butt plug reluctantly.
"Come with me please Sharon." Laura said.
Sharon was taken to the dungeon and was made to sit in a different pain
box. This pain box did not have an arm binder or restraints to raise
the feet to the collar. The box was made out of hardwood. Sharon sat on a dildo and a butt plug
that has wires connected to them. Mistress Laura then locked a large
wooden collar around Sharon's neck. The collar was attached to the box.
Sharon's feet and arms were locked into restraints. After this was done
Mistress explained the, "nose hook." 
"This little thing here Sharon is called a nose hook." Laura said as
she pulled the wire on the nose hook on the spindle it was attached to.
"This will go inside your nostrils which will pull your nose and head
backwards into a position that is uncomfortable for you but is just
perfect for pussy eating." Laura told Sharon.
With that said the nose hook was inserted into Sharon's nostrils and was pulled back tightly until Sharon screamed. 
"You have a pretty nose Sharon and very nice nostrils." Mistress Laura commented.
Mistress Laura produced a dental gag and placed it inside Sharon's
mouth spreading her jaws widely. Finally Mistress Laura placed two
nipple clamps on each of Sharon's nipples which also had wires attached
to them. 
"Now Sharon let me explain this part of your training. You are in a
little bit of a kinder pain box then what you saw Rachel in. The butt
plug, dildo and nipple clamps are electric. I can give you either pain
or pleasure in your nipples, rectum and vagina. You will service my
pussy. If you do a good job you will be pleasured. If you do a bad job
then you will receive some painful stimulation to encourage you to do a
better job. This is what a bad job means Sharon."
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh," Sharon screamed as the electrical current shocked her tits, ass and cunt.
"Don't worry Sharon you will only receive that if you do a bad job. The
electricity is set very low so it will not hurt you or do any damage.
Now begin slut, I want an orgasm in five minutes." Mistress Laura
ordered.
Even though Mistress Laura was tough sometimes she knew that she was
just filling her role as a dominant. She was a kind and caring person
who went to great pains to ensure that he slaves were properly
selected, disciplined as well as looked after financially. As Sharon stared at Mistress Laura's pubic area and licked her twat she
felt a love that she had never felt before. A love for another woman
and the types of things that only a woman can provide was what made
this weekend special for Sharon. Mistress Laura's pussy had a sweet
musky odour that drove Sharon crazy. Soon Laura came and a large
amount of her pussy juice landed up on Sharon's face as well as in her
mouth and nose.
Mistress Laura released Sharon from the box and placed an arm binder on
her arms as well as a collar leash and nipple clamps that had a chain
connecting each of the clamps together. The jaw spreader was removed
from her mouth and this time her sex was left bare with no dildos,
clamps, or latex to wear.
"Come Sharon." Mistress Laura said pulling on the leash lightly. Sharon was taken to a room where Rachel was waiting. Rachel was now
wearing a Dom outfit and it was clear that Sharon was going to be used
to pleasure Rachel as well.
"She is all yours until 4:30 Rachel." Mistress Laura said. "Do what you
want with her but go easy on her if you decide to use the whips."
Mistress Laura told Rachel. With that Laura left the room.
"Now Sharon I have been waiting all weekend to get my hands on you. I
bet you were hoping that you would get to service my pussy as well?"
Rachel began.
Rachel places a jaw spreader in Sharon's mouth and says. "I won't be
too hard on you. You are only new plus we want to turn you into a
lesbian slave not turn you off it."
Rachel, reaches for a butt plug and lubricates it and Sharon's anus.
She pushes the plug deeply into Sharon's anus and she moans a little.
Rachel squeezes the bulb on the pump and it quickly fills up Sharon's
ass. A pump up penis is then placed inside Sharon's vagina, which is
pumped up to full capacity.
"Your ass and pussy will soon stretch and expand Sharon. Mistress Laura
loves ass and cunt play if you have not noticed already." Rachel says.
With that Rachel lies down on a gynaecological examination table and
places her legs into the stirrups. She reaches for Sharon's head and
places it in front of her now wet pussy. 
"Eat Sharon." Rachel commands. "I want you to go slow Sharon. Slowly lick my pussy lips and then my
inner lips. When you have done that I want you to concentrate on my
clit. If you do a good job I will reward you. If you don't then you will be punished."
Sharon's shoulders started to get sore from the arm binder but she was
getting used to the pain. She softly began to bring Rachel's kitty to
climax. Rachel was certainly enjoying herself since she was moaning and
groaning. Her cunt was producing more juice as she pinched her nipples
and closed her eyes.
"Servicing pussies is a very important part of a slave's training
Sharon. It takes a while to learn how to do a really good job at it but
I think you may be a natural Sharon." Rachel told Sharon.
As Rachel came she told Sharon to service her faster. Her clitoris was
on fire and she wanted to have her launch button pressed big time.
"Man, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, right there, fuck! awwwwwww" Rachel said as she reached cumsville. 
After cumming Rachel removed the jaw spreaders and the arm binder from
Sharon. The nipple clamps and the dildo were removed but not the butt
plug. Sharon is placed into restraints again. Her arms are raised above
her head and a spreader bar is placed between her legs. Next, a red
harness ball gag is pushed into her mouth and a posture collar is
locked around her neck. The collar is made out of thick leather that
had a bar that ran down her back, which clamped around her waist. This
made Sharon stand perfectly straight. Rachel selected a flogger and began to flog Sharon's ass. 
"Mmmmmmmm", Sharon yelled through her gag.
Rachel switched to flogging Sharon's breasts taking the time to get
them red. Rachel paused for a moment to feel her own pussy and then she
felt Sharon's pussy. Sharon's pussy was nice and wet and she let out a
moan when Rachel touched it. Rachel also flogged Sharon's pubic area making sure that the flogger connected perfectly on Sharon's pussy lips. The whipping was now over and Rachel released Sharon from her bondage.
The gag was removed as well as the butt plug and the posture collar.
"I really enjoyed dominating you Sharon. You were a great slave girl
this weekend and I know that Mistress and I are looking forward to
having you here again next weekend. You are very beautiful and I can
tell that you really desire a mistress and a woman's touch, especially
after this weekend." Rachel tells Sharon.
Mistress Laura now appears with all of Sharon's street clothes. "Here you go Sharon" Laura says handing Sharon her clothes. "You were a
great slave girl. I hope that you enjoyed being dominated as much as I
enjoyed giving it to you. I think we broke a limit or two of yours.
Anal sex is great fun and trust me there will be more ass play."
Mistress Laura says.
"Come back here soon and we will have even more fun together Sharon." Mistress Laura says.
"I loved it here. You guys were awesome and it was just what I needed.
I have longed to be a slave girl and to be punished. I will be back
here again next weekend mistress." Sharon said with a smile.
As Sharon sat on the bus on the way back to her apartment she reflected
back on the two days she had spent at Mistress Laura's. She had lost
her anal virginity. She had sex with two girls, was whipped, and made
to wear rubber, latex, gagged, and bound in many different ways. Once Sharon had gotten home she quickly peeled off her clothes and
pleasured her pussy and tits for two hours. She managed to cum five
times. 
After word
Sharon bought more dildos and butt plugs, gags, and a latex catsuit so
she could have some fun at home when she was not at Mistress
Laura's. Although she was an attractive girl and men tried to go out with her
she rejected their advances since she was now a lesbian. She attended
mistress Laura's slave school, at least twice a month and for two weeks
straight when she took vacation. While a slave she was taken to lesbian parties and many rubber and BDSM
parties with Rachel, Mistress Laura and some of Mistress Laura's other
slave girls. After a year of training as a slave Sharon was given the
job of, "hair remover." This job gave her the opportunity to shave the
new slave girl's pussies, armpits, leg hair and ass hair.
Sharon was a successful slave girl and eventually became a live in slave girl but maintained her full time job.
The end.
