---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Widows Surprise
authors:
- Glassmummy
tags:
- M-f
- kidnap
- drug
- transport
- strip
- shave
- wrap
- tape
- bandages
- cocoon
- gag
- bond
- outdoors
- hum
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2002-08-05 00:00:00
---

Her name was Donnella Payton-Stiers.
She was just twenty-seven years old when she married Jonathan Stiers, the
oil tycoon. He was sixty-eight at the time, but madly in love with her,
and even his closest friends couldn’t convince him that she was simply
interested in him for his money. Now, five years later, Donnella has been
a widow for just over a year. Jonathan left her everything in his will,
and she would never have to worry about money again.

At 32, she was still
a beautiful woman. Short, cropped blond hair, blue eyes, and a perfect
tan. She worked out daily, and it showed. Normally I wouldn’t rob such
a lovely woman, but this time it didn’t bother me because I knew what a
gold-digging, stuck-up bitch she really was. Besides, she could afford
it.

It was late July, and I had
been watching her home for about a week, learning her routines. She was
a creature of habit as most rich people tend to be, and that is usually
their downfall. My plan was simple enough. I was going to break in to her
house that Friday night while she was at her weekly aerobics class. She
would be gone from 6pm until 8:30pm, and the house would be empty as her
maid left at 5:00 and didn’t return until 8:00am.

She drove out right on schedule,
and I proceeded to bypass the alarm on the back door. (It amazes me that
some of these rich people are so cheap when it comes to their alarm systems.)
Once inside the house I started to browse around a bit since I had quite
a bit of time on my hands. Eventually I made my way to the safe. It was
behind her portrait, if you can believe that! (So predictable.) Once I
got the safe open and all the cash and jewels out I headed for the door.
I wasn’t even out of the dinning room when I heard the front door open!
She was back early! It was only 7:45.

I quickly hid behind the
dinning room door and pulled the taser from my pocket. I always carry it
with me for emergencies, sort of like this one. As she walked through the
door I stepped up behind her and put the taser to her neck. She was out
like a light.

I thought, “Now I can get
out of here”, but then another thought occurred to me. This rich bitch
needed to be taught a lesson and I had the perfect idea. I quickly took
the loot to my car, which was parked in back of the house and got out a
roll of duct tape. I then went back to the lovely Mrs. Stiers and got to
work taping her ankles together, then her knees, and thighs. I moved on
to the wrists and taped them behind her back. Then I taped around her upper
arms and body. I pulled off a strip of the sticky tape and plastered it
over her eyes as a blindfold and was getting ready to stuff a washcloth
in her mouth when she came too.

“What are you doing? Let
me out of this right now!” She demanded as she struggled against the tape.

“Not just yet.” I said. “I
have something special planned for you. Now just be good, and you won’t
get hurt.”

“What are you going to do
to mmmgghhh?” That was all she got out before I shoved the rag into her
mouth and sealed it with winds of duct tape around her mouth and head.

“Don’t worry, I just think
you need to learn a little humility.”

I picked her up and carried
out to my car where I laid her in the back seat and covered her with a
blanket.

The drive to my house was
a little over an hour, and my prisoner made little noise from under the
cover and the heavy gag. I pulled into my driveway at 9:30 and parked the
car in the garage. I live in the country in a small log cabin house, so
I didn’t have to worry about any neighbors. I carried her inside to the
living room and put her on the floor.

“Ok, you stay put. I have
to go to the basement for supplies and I’ll only be a minute.”

I returned with my bag of
goodies a minute later. The first thing I would need was the plastic sheet.
I didn’t want to get my floor messy. Once that was down, I rolled her to
the middle of it and went back to the bag.

“Ok, you’re going to go to
sleep for a little while now, but don’t be scared. I’m not going to hurt
you, or rape you if that’s what you think.” I soaked a rag in chloroform,
and covered her nose with it. She struggled for a few seconds before the
drug overtook her.

Once she was out I untied
her and removed all of her clothes. I then shaved her head completely,
even her eyebrows. I then produced several rolls of plastic wrap and, starting
at her feet, wrapped her entire body up to the neck with several layers
of film, crossing her arms over her chest as I went. After about eight
or nine layers, I put down the plastic wrap and started the process over
again with duct tape.

Once her body was covered
from neck to toes with the tape, I decided it was time for the gag.
I took her workout socks and packed them into every corner of her mouth.
She looked a bit like a chipmunk with her cheeks bulging out like that.
I then grabbed the roll of tape and started wrapping it around her mouth.
I started just under the nose, and wrapped downward to below her chin.
Then I wrapped from under the chin around the top of her head a couple
of times ensuring that her jaw was clamped shut. I picked up a smaller
roll of plastic wrap and wrapped her entire head except for the eyes and
nostrils. After this was done, I used more duct tape to finish off her
head.

She was now a perfect silver
mummy, but something still wasn’t right. I decided to use my special stock
of sticky sided white elastic bandages to finish the job. Starting at the
feet again I wrapped up her body making sure that the bandages were smooth
and even. Once I was done she was perfect. The perfect female form encased
in pure white. Her entire head was now encased as well since the bandages
were breathable and allowed air to get to her nose. I left a tiny slit
for her eyes so she could see when she woke up.

I lifted her now stiff body
and carried it back out to my car. Once in the car, we drove to the town
park. The park was now deserted, as it was 3am. Here I found a light post
alongside the joggers’ path.

“This is perfect.” I said
to myself.

I went back to the car and
carried the now mummified Mrs. Stiers to the post. I leaned her up against
it and took out the last few rolls of bandages from my pockets. I wrapped
her body from neck to feet to the post and as I was finishing up, she started
to come around. I quickly pulled the ski mask I had brought down over my
head.

“Ah! Finally waking up I
see. And just in time too.”

“MMMFFFF MMMMM GGGMMMMFFF!!!!”
she tried to yell.

“I wanted you awake before
I left you so you could see the nice sign I made for you.”

I picked the cardboard sign
up off the ground and held it up in front of her face. It read:

I’M A GOLD-DIGGING,
STUCK-UP BITCH.
AND THIS IS MY
PENENCE!!!
PLEASE DO NOT
DISTURB ME!!!
Thank you,
Donnella Payton-Stiers.

“Well,” I said. “That should
humiliate you sufficiently. Have a nice day.”

I placed the sign around
her neck and turned to leave. She was quite pissed off to say the least,
and don’t even want know what all of the “mmmfffsss” meant.

“Oh, by the way, people should
start jogging by here in about three or four hours, so that should give
you plenty of time to try to get free. Good luck!”

I could hear the pleading
from her heavily gagged mouth, and thought maybe I might come back for
a morning jog in a few hours just to check up on her. After all, she was
my step-grandmother.

THE END

I hope you enjoyed this story.
Feel free to send comments to glassman773@hotmail.com
Glassmummy.
