---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/gifts2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Gifts Part 2
authors:
- J&P
tags:
- D/s
- sbf
- MF/f
- cons
- X
date: 2005-01-07 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Gifts Part 1**](gifts.html))

Gifts Part 1 by J&P
**Gifts – Part 2** - The Switch

Prue was about to reciprocate Jim’s gift from their previous session
and had some very creative ideas of how she was going to present herself.

………

To quote the Carolina North Mfg marketing blurb “It can't get any simpler
for securing cargo.  Simply thread your rope through the CAL/GRIP
and pull.  No knots to worry about.  Continue to pull until a
secure and snug fit.  The rope will not loosen.  Load rating
is up to 500 pounds.” ‘What a fantastically simple device.  Cargo?
I wonder if Carolina North Mfg know how their product is used’ mused Prue
as she started her preparations.

In their previous bondage play Jim and Prue added some additional ‘features’
to their King size four poster bed, specifically a set of four CAL/GRIPs
and a set of pulleys to suit 1/2” rope.  These were hidden from view
by the bed canopy and decorations, but were use by both of them when the
need arose for a quick tie down of their partner.  It was worth ordering
the CAL/GRIPs and paying the freight to Australia, they made their bondage
games so much easier.

Prue had already showered and was naked, ready for a whole new experience
with Jim.  She looked at herself in the mirror, a bit round like the
images in some of the classic renaissance paintings, very sensual at the
same time.  She rolled out the trolley with the fucking machine from
the spare room and placed it at the foot of the bed.  She then got
the large suit case full of their bondage gear and put it on the chest
of drawers next to her dressing table.

It was twelve thirty and Jim was due back about two, plenty of time
to get ready and enjoy herself.   It was Saturday and Jim had
gone to the mall with his best mate Bruce.   They were checking
out the new computer shop.

‘What do I need?’ she wondered.  Prue retrieved wrist and ankle
cuffs, four ropes for the pullies, four padlocks, a length of light cord,
various leather bondage belts, a garter belt, stockings, medium sized butt
plug, clothes pegs, two paddles, a flogger, riding crop, clit clamp, ball
gag, blindfold and finally a rubber hood.  She also had a canvas bag
that contained three old house bricks.  Some items from her dresser
were needed as well, namely condoms and lubricant.  Her plan was coming
together.

Placing a condom on the butt plug and then lubricating it she eased
the plug into her anus, slowly pressing until it was fully seated inside,
just big enough to be uncomfortable.   Next she put on the garter
belt and seamed stockings, ‘very nice’ she thought as she admired herself
in the mirror.

Prue then fitted the ankle and wrist cuffs.  Following this the
four ropes were threaded through the pulleys and CAL/GRIPS.  She shuddered
with anticipation as she placed the bag of bricks on top of the rail that
ran between the head posts of the bed.  She tied the ends of the two
ropes at the bed head to the canvas bag and added the light cord as well;
the cord hung down and lay down the middle of the bed.

‘Now for the bondage belts’ she though as she fitted the first belt
around her waist, tightening it firmly.  Then she attached the thin
“Y” belt to the back of the waist belt and threaded it between her bum
crack and up past her pussy, the two “Y” parts attacked to the front of
the waist belt.  She spread her pussy lips and placed the “Y” so that
it held her lips apart.

Next was the breast straps, this harness wrapped around her torso and
had loops that tightened around the base of her large boobs.  
She loved the feeling of tightness and the way her boobs were made to stand
out.

A condom and lubricant were applied to the dildo on the end of the fucking
machine.   The machine was set for a nice 5” stroke.  
Two straps were attached to the machine that would be fastened to her waist
belt.   She applied a generous amount of lubricant to her pussy
in anticipation of the machine.

‘Ok, now I get serious’ she thought as she anticipated the strict bondage
she was about to place herself in.  Placing the rest of the gear on
the bed Prue sat on the bed and padlocked the two ropes at the foot of
the bed to her ankles.  Next she carefully slipped the fucking machine
dildo partially into her pussy and attached the machine straps to her waist
belt.   Prue reached for the ropes that ran through the pulleys
and CAL/GRIPs, pulling firmly of the ropes her legs were drawn apart firmly,
once her legs were fully stretched she pulled on the machine cinch straps
so that the dildo sat nicely in side her pussy.   Just to make
sure all was ok she turned on the machine to its lowest speed and felt
the dildo penetrate until it just touched her cervix and withdrawing its
full five inches.  After about six thrusts she knew she would be very
happy and turn the machine off.  Her great temptation was to leave
the machine on and finger herself to a huge orgasm, but that was not in
today’s plan.

Fitting the clit clamp to her love button and a series of clothes pegs
to her pussy lips kept her focused on the task at hand.   She
then fitted more pegs to her swollen nipples, breathing in the pain as
the pegs bit into her soft flesh.   She moved with purpose now
as she fastened the three inch posture collar around her neck.  This
was followed up by the gag and blindfold.  The ball gag was tightened
behind her head. Her pussy was getting wet, not just from the lube.  
She pulled and stretched the rubber hood over her head leaving two holes
over her nose and one over her mouth to breathe.

‘At last I am ready to give up all control’ she thought as she reached
to her side and turned on the machine to its lowest intermittent setting,
just enough to keep her hot but not enough for her to cum.

Finally she reached above her head and found the rope ends which had
stainless steel rings tied on, the knot had been super glued so she would
not be able to undo them.  The last two padlocks were there as well,
she locked each wrist to the rope ends. Feeling around she found the cord
attached to the canvas bag and gave it a firm tug, the bag fell from its
perch and via the pulleys and CAL/GRIPs dragged her arms out tightly. 
‘WOW! What an amazing sensation, just like being on a rack!’ she thought
as she felt the effect of the rope tension.

The machine turned on for a few seconds every minute, just allowing
three or four slow thrusts of the dildo.   Each thrust took about
two to three seconds.  It was excruciatingly wonderful for Prue.  
Totally immobile, in strict bondage, her pussy being worked automatically,
and her breasts, clit and pussy lips being tortured by the pegs and clamps. 
Prue drifted into a deep sub-space just enjoying the sensations of her
self imposed predicament.

Prue started fantasising about being a sex slave on a pirate ship where
she is tortured and raped.   ‘I am lashed to the mast, my clothes
have been ripped from my body and the first mate is about to give me a
dozen lashes. He does not hold back as the cat lands on my back, bum and
thighs.   He is a master – he inflicts pain but does not cut
my skin.  I scream in pain, yet my pussy is dripping.  I am cut
loose and dragged to one of the cannon where I am forced over the barrel,
my legs spread and tied on one side my wrists tied to the base of the gun
carriage on the other side.   The 35 crew members are lined up,
starting with the Cap’n.  The Cap’n enters me with his enormous cock
(it is 11” long and 7” in circumference) and fucks me hard; he cums as
I cum.  Next the first mate, he takes very long stokes and I cum again. 
Each of the crew take me.   Even though each one only takes a
few minutes it is over two hours before they each have had their turn,
some take me in the pussy and other take my bum.  I have cum at least
a couple of dozen times.   Cum is dripping from both my holes. 
Even the thirteen year old cabin boy has taken me.   “Cut her
loose” orders the Cap’n after each has had there fill of me.  I collapse
on the deck as several buckets of sea water are sloshed over my ravished
body. I lay shivering for about 10 minutes, at least it is not too cold
here in waters near the Spanish Main.  “Kneel wench” orders the Cap’n. 
I struggle to kneel, two of the deckhands pick me up to my knees and lean
me against the main mast, they tie a rope around my neck holding me to
the mast.  My hands are stretched behind me and tied around the mast.  
The first mate lashes my breasts with the cat; thankfully it does not have
metal ends.  After six lashes he stops, my nipples and breasts are
throbbing.   The Cap’n now takes his enormous cock out again,
it is rock hard as he enters my mouth.  I suck hard to get him off
quickly so I can breathe easier; the rope around my neck is not tight so
I can move enough to blow him.   The rest of the crew grin as
they line up to be serviced by my mouth.’

Thwack! Thwack!  Jim has just hit the inside of her thighs with
the riding crop.   “Mmmmffff” Prue groans as she is snapped back
to the here and now by Jim.

Jim had arrived back just after two p.m.   When he entered
the house he found a piece of black paper with gold writing waiting under
a paper weight by the front door.
 
My Dearest Master

It is time that I returned the favour you gave me last week.

Your gift awaits you in the bedroom.

Take me and use me any way you wish.

Your slut slave wench,

Prue

Jim turned to Pam, who had threesome’s with Jim and Prue a few times
in the past including a few bondage sessions where they took turns in subbing,
and asked “are you up for some fun?” with a wink.   Jim had bumped
into Pam at the mall car park as he was leaving.  He invited her back
for some coffee with the hope of some three way action as he knew Pam was
the adventurous type.

Pam just grinned as Jim showed her the note and explained the latest
games they had been playing.  “So Prue is yours, ummm ours? to play
with and use as we want?” said Pam.

“Lets check her out … quietly … she probably won't hear us if we don’t
make much noise” cautioned Jim.

They made their way to the bed room and were confronted by the sight
of a strictly bound woman.   The machine activated for a few
seconds and then stopped.  Jim whispered “WOW she’s got it set on
intermittent, I bet she’s been there for a while.”

Pam moved around the bed quietly observing how Prue had performed this
piece of “magic”.   She whispered to Jim “How do the ropes hold
tight?”   He replied sotto voice “Spring locks – rope can only
go one way unless the catch is released.”   Pam nodded approvingly.

Jim picked up the riding crop and hit Prue’s thighs.  She moaned
and squirmed.  Jim pointed at Pam, then the flogger and the Prue’s
tits.   Prue got the idea and grabbed the flogger.

Pam removed the pegs from Prue’s boobs and Prue shuddered in pain as
the blood flooded back into her tortured nipples.   Pam then
started flogging Prue’s boobs using her wrists to get a nice flick effect
across each breast.

At the same time Jim turned up the fucking machine to continuous slow
speed and then removed the pegs from Prue’s pussy lips.

“MMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH” groaned Prue as she thought ‘What the
heck?   There must be more than one person at it.  Who? 
Jim and ?  Strangers?  Nothing I can do just take it…  
Fuck this is good!’

The fucking machine was doing its thing; Jim started lashing the inside
of Prue’s legs and exposed pussy with the riding crop, not too hard but
enough to get Prue jumping.

The machine was relentless and Prue started cumming; after about 30
seconds she wanted to stop because she could hardly take anymore; but the
beatings continued as did the slow continual thrusts of the fucking machine.

After about four minutes Jim turned the machine up to a higher setting,
the dildo was now penetrating every second.

Soon Prue was into a higher gear and started orgasming in a continuous
wave of pleasure.   She ejaculated a stream of clear fluid from
her pussy as the intensity of her pleasure rose again.

Two more minutes and Prue passed out in pleasure.   Jim noticed
the change to her breathing and that her body was not reacting as it had
for the past six minutes.  Jim quickly removed the hood and gag. 
He also turned the machine off.  Pam had stopped her breast “treatment”.

After another couple of minutes Prue came around and found herself being
held in Jim’s arms while Pam sat on the edge of the bed with her hand over
her pussy.

“Welcome back my lovely little slut slave, looks like a very long weekend
for you, it’s a public holiday on Monday.  You are going to service
both of us for the whole weekend” said Jim.  Prue smiled, this was
her fantasy.

Long weekend of pleasure … in part 3
