---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Playing Hooky
authors:
- Techtroll
tags:
- Sbf
- latex
- toys
- insert
- chast
- gag
- cuffs
- straps
- clothespins
- caught
- F-f
- hum
- breastplay
- tease
- torment
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2003-09-20 00:00:00
---

I was in to self bondage before my husband and I were married and I
have yet to tell him of my fantasies. We dated for some time before being
married and have enjoyed an active sex life since our fourth date. My husband
brought an eighteen-year-old daughter to the marriage from his previous
wife and we have never gotten along. It was three months after the wedding
before I had a chance to do some self bondage. My husband was at work and
his daughter Suzan had just left for her first day back to school. Suzan
was just starting her first day of her senior year at high school. And
had left an hour ago with her boy friend.
 
I started out by getting the keys to my locks from the back of the
freezer were I had placed them the previous night. I planed on doing just
a simple hogtie in our bedroom for a couple of hours. I keep all of my
bondage equipment in the back of our closet in an old suitcase. I make
my way up the stairs to our bedroom looking in to Suzan's room and noticing
that she still hasn't cleaned it up from the last time I asked her to.
I continue onto our bedroom and retrieve the suitcase from the back of
the closet. I place the suitcase on the bed and open it. It only takes
me a moment the find the items that I will use for today's bondage fun.
 
I remove each item from my collection and place it neatly on the bed.
I then close the suitcase containing the rest of my bondage collection
and place it back in the closet. First things first I strip naked and fold
my clothes neatly on the dresser. I stand for a moment looking at my bondage
apparel laid out on display before lightly dusting my body with powder.
I start with a pair of latex stockings and a garter belt. Next, I put on
a latex top that has holes placed in front to allow my breast to stick
through. The top constricts the base of each breast causing each to swell
and jet out in front of me. When I wear this top my breasts actually bob
up and down as I walk. Next comes a pair of opera length latex gloves made
from a thicker latex. The gloves make it harder to get free as I can't
feel the difference between the keys when they finally melt free from the
block of ice. Finally, I put on a leather chastity belt that has large
built in vibrators for both my ass and pussy.
 
I lube the vibrator for my ass liberally and slowly work it in. The
vibrator for my pussy doesn't need any lube, as I am all ready dripping
wet and pops in easily. After both vibrators are in place I lock the chastity
belt in place. I place the wireless remote to the vibrators on the night
stand within easy reach beside the block of ice that contains the keys
to my release. There is an eyelet mounted to a stud in the wall just over
the bed that I run a piece of string through. I then tie the piece of string
from the block of ice to the string going through the eyelet. Once the
ice melts the keys will drop onto the bed within easy reach of my hands.
 
I am finally ready to start my bondage I lock two straps on my legs
one just below my knees and one around my ankles. The strap I have around
my ankles also has a short strap that I will lock to my wrist cuffs once
I have them on. I place a large ball gag in my mouth, pulling it tight,
I lock it in place with a small pad lock. I then kneel in the center of
the bed, which takes some manoeuvring with my legs bound as they are. I
reach over to the night stand and move the remote for the vibrators beside
me on the bed so that I can reach it once I am completely bound.
 
Next, I put a strap around my upper body just below my bulging breasts
and over my arms at the elbows. With some effort I place cloths pins on
each nipple and six more in a circle around each breast. As the pain from
the cloths pins start to work their magic I take one more look around the
room before I finish locking my self up to make sure that everything is
in place. Finally, I fasten a three-inch leather cuff on each wrist and
lean back for the strap connected to the strap on my ankles and lock the
wrist cuffs and strap closed behind my back. Just as I lock my wrist cuffs
behind me, I hear the front door open and slam shut. This shocks me so much
that I loose my balance and fall over on my side causing my bulging pined
tits to flop all over the place. I scream into the gag from the pain of
my pined tits but only a muffled groan escapes my lips.
 
I hear Suzan call my name from the living room and start up the stairs.
I look over to the bedroom door and in my rush for a little fun I forgot
to close it. I can see into the hall and straight in to Suzan's bedroom
from my position on our bed. I watch helplessly as Suzan goes in to her
room and throws her book bag onto her bed. As she turns yelling my name
once more she sees me in all my bound glory laying out on the bed. I hear
her scream out, "Oh my god what happened?" As she runs in to our bedroom.
Suzan tries for a moment to free me from my bonds when she notices the
block of ice hanging over the bed.
 
She stops her attempts to free me and moves over to the side of the
bed so she can look me in the eyes. “You did this to yourself didn't you?”
she asks. All I can do is shake my head yes, tears streaming from my eyes
partly from the cloths pins on my tits and partly from embarrassment. She
takes a moment to inspect my bound body moving all around the bed to get
a good look. All I can do is blush as my stepdaughter gazes upon her new
step mom in tight bondage. I try to tell Suzan to release me, but my words
are changed to grunts by the ball gag in my mouth. I watch as Suzan reaches
out slowly and gropes one of my bulging and pined breasts. She looks in
to my face and starts to squeeze it painfully and all I can do is moan
in to my gag. “You like that don't you!” she says. I try to rock my body
away from her hand, when she tightens her grip even more on my tit and
in a stern voice says, “No don't move.”
 
Releasing my tit Suzan reaches down to the bed and picks up the remote
to the two vibrators locked behind my chastity belt. Tilting her head to
one side in puzzlement, she slides both controllers to their maximum setting.
We both hear the two vibrators slam to life in my ass and pussy. With a
devilish grin Suzan pats me on the head and moves behind me. I lay there
for a moment breathing deeply, my tits throbbing from the cloths pins,
and the two vibrators humming away behind my locked chastity belt. I look
over my shoulder to see Suzan taking down the block of ice with my keys
in it and my eyes follow her through the bedroom door as she leaves.
 
I lay my head back down on the bed and loose myself in my bondage.
I hear water running in the upstairs bathroom for a few moments as I near
an orgasm. As I climb to the peak of my orgasm both vibrators shut off.
I look over to the doorway and see Suzan standing there with the remote
pointing at me in one hand and the keys to my release dangling from the
other. “Oh no not just yet,” she says, “where's the fun in that.” I uncontrollably
thrust my hips in a vain attempt to bring myself over the edge of my orgasm
as Suzan moves in to the room and sits facing me on the bed.
 
Reaching out Suzan flicks on of the cloths pins on my tits with her
finger, as she slides the controls for both vibrators to full for a moment.
I squirm on the bed from the pain/pleasure that my stepdaughter is causing
me. Suzan repeats the process with each cloths pin on my tits pausing after
each one to watch me squirm in my pleasure/pain ecstasy. After running
through all the cloths pin sequence three times, she grows bored and starts
to remove each cloths pin from my tits and rotates it ninety degrees before
replacing it. Again, each time she removes a cloths pin she starts the
vibrators on full and stops them once the cloths pins are in place. Each
time a pin is removed, I scream in to my gag from the pain. When she has
all the cloths pins rotated to their new positions. She starts all over
again from the beginning. I lose track of time and how many times she tortures
my tits and sends me to the brink of orgasm with the vibrators.
 
My world is reduced to an agony filled throbbing need to cum. I thrash
on the bed, tears streaming down my face as I endure the sweet pain/pleasure
that my stepdaughter is causing me. After I don't know how long I am finally
blasted in to the most intense orgasm of my life. The pain from my tits
and the pleasure from my ass and pussy combine in to an earth shattering
orgasm. I literally jump off the bed when it hits. Every muscle strains
against myself imposed bondage as I scream in to the ball gag. The waves
of my orgasm slam through me over and over. Just as I can't stand it any
longer I pass out from the shear pleasure of finally being allowed to cum.
 
I don't know how long I am out but when I wake up, I am laying in bed
with the covers pulled over me and am no longer in bondage. I am still
wearing all of my latex lingerie but the chastity belt has been removed.
The cloths pins have all so been removed from my breasts and I can see
slight bruising were each one was. I look over to Suzan's room and notice
that the door is closed. I am filled with the sudden need to urinate so
I head in to the bathroom. When I have finished and cleaned myself up,
I move to Suzan's door and look in to her room. Laying naked and strapped
spread eagle to her bed is my stepdaughter. As I walk in to the room I
notice that she is now wearing my chastity belt and that the remote is
on her nightstand out of reach. As I move to the bed her eyes follow my
every move.
 
She looks me in the eye and starts to explain that the reason
she was home and not at school today was that she and her boy friend had
a fight because he just couldn't handle her need to be tied up when they
had sex. Suzan went on to describe some of the ways she and her boy friend
had played with bondage and that the only time she could reach an orgasm
was to be in some kind of bondage. She explained that when she walked in
on me in self-bondage that it was like a dream come true and that she just
couldn't let the opportunity slip by. When Suzan had reached the end of
her story, I asked her where the keys to the restraints are. With a mischievous
grin on her lips Suzan replies that I will have to make her tell me where
the keys are.
 
Just as I reach down to pick up the remote to the chastity belt I notice
a bag of cloths pins laying on the table beside it. I smile at my stepdaughter
as I pick up the remote and cloths pin and display both to her. In a husky
voice, I ask Suzan is she sure this is what she wants. She smiles back
at me and says, if I ever want to see the keys again that I had better
get started. I laugh out loud and shake my head at my stepdaughter when
I hear a knock from the front door. I and Suzan look at each other in puzzlement.
As Suzan's room over looks the drive way I glance out the window and see
her boy friend's car in the drive. I smile at Suzan and say I’ll go and
see who is at the door. As I walk out of her room, I turn the vibrators
attached to the chastity belt on to their lowest setting.
