---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Batgirl vs the Professor 3: Mind Bender'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- M-ff
- bond
- catsuit
- conditioning
- oral
- toys
- reluct-nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl vs the Professor 2: Meeting the Professor**](batgirlvsprofessor2.html))

**Part 3: Mind Bender**

When the mist cleared again, Batgirl knew things had changed.  She thought her body was now upright and not as cold.  But her skin felt different.  It was bright, like lights shining on her from above.  The noises were gone.  In fact, other than a very soft hum, she heard none of the laboratories sounds any longer.  She also felt something was on her head, across her eyes and under her nose.

As her senses came back to her (much quicker than the last time), she discovered her had been moved.  She was standing, but firmly attached to a pole.  She realized she was now inside the glass chamber she had seen earlier, the one she suspected was a torture chamber or new death trap.

Mind Bender.

She was standing against the glass poel in chamber.  Her arms were well above her head and locked into soft plastic bindings.  They gave a bit but gripped her so well she couldn’t slip free.  Several band of similar bindings held her body against the pole.  Oddly, a pair of high heels, made from the similar material but much more ridged, were on her feet, making her stand tall. Her feet were placed on a tiny platform, barely big enough for her feet to stand on.  She tried to squirm from the pole and break free, but the bindings held her body firm.  Even if she could, she was trapped in the giant test tube, so escape seemed impossible.

Not only had her position and location changed, so had her clothing.  Her reflection showed  her Batsuit was gone. In its place, running from her toes to her wrists and all the way up her neck, was some kind of catsuit.  She even wore matching gloves.  Made from a slick rubber like substance, it fit her body very tightly, like a second skin.  But it was so smooth and silky feeling, almost slippery in nature, it hardly felt like she was wearing it.  But when she moved, she felt it slide ever so slightly over her body.  It made her skin tingle with excitement.

Erotic, sexual excitement.

Barbara remembered reading a police report from one of Harley Quinn’s arrests.  It was shortly after Joker had kidnapped the daughter of a wealthy Arab Sheikh.  Seemed Joker was trying to get the Sheikh to sign his oil fields over to him, and was holding the daughter as the ransom before Batman busted it up.  Somehow, a cute female society reporter got mixed up in the mess, having the bad timing to be interviewing the daughter when Joker and Harley came to snatch her.  So Joker took the reporter as well, adding her in as an innocent bonus as part of the ransom package.

There was a story in the report Harley told the police how Joker used what she called pleasure suits on both the daughter and the reporter.  Joker made the women put the suits on, tied them up and applied a small electrical charge to the outfits.  The more power he gave the suits, the more sexual distress the women had to endure.  He could control giving the woman multiple orgasms or just keep them in a sexual frenzy, apparently choosing the latter while Harley digitally recorded the woman’s unyielding sexual suffering.  He sent the video of the girl’s unyielding torments to the Sheikh with the papers to sign over his lands and rights.

A kinky new twist on the old heroine tied to the railroad tracks routine.

The two women attested to how affective the suits worked.  In her statement, the Sheikh’s daughter even joked she wanted her father to buy her the suit.  The reporter hoped the outfits would reach the retail market.  Harley even stated she wanted to create a similar suit for herself, designed to be her regular costume, complete with battery pack so Joker could play with her at will.  Joker never had the chance to fulfill that request thanks to Batman.

It’s a strange relationship those Joker and Harley have.

Batgirl surmised during her research into the immoral device inventor that this pleasure suit was just one of the many twisted inventions of the Professor.  Now she was wearing the proof, specially made for her in the same purple hue of her Batsuit.  She just hoped a bright yellow bat symbol wasn’t pained across her chest.

What was not in the police report, intentionally left out or not disclosed (or now a fresh modification to the pleasure suit) was the mention of the two apparatuses that were deeply penetrating her private areas.  A large dildo, apparently coated in the same material, was acutely planted inside her pussy.  A second smaller unit was resting in her virginal anus.  Other devices, layered below the suit, were located over her breasts.  Something was holding her nipples, making them erect to the touch.  Whenever she moved, she felt the presence.  At the moment, the suit was quiet, meaning no electrical charges were being applied, but Batgirl suspected that wouldn’t be the case for long.

She really had hoped to escape sexual torments on this investigation.

To her astonishment, the suit was not holding in the heat or moister from her body.  She felt quite cool and comfortable (very comfortable) in it.  It was very similar to her costume, only having a much more sinister yet arousing aspect to it.  She wondered how it would function as a replacement uniform, or something she could wear around the house on lonely nights.

Strange thoughts to be having at a time like this.  But the suit was having an arousing affect on her, even with out the power applied.  This was going to be interesting.

Across her eyes was a set of glasses, similar to wrap around safety glasses builders would wear to protect their eyes from bits of dust and debris.  She felt the pressure of small earphones inside her ear openings too.  Under her nose was a plastic tube, with small jets going into her nostrils, like hospital patients wear when receiving oxygen.  At the moment, cool air was blowing into her, perhaps mixed with oxygen.  That would explain her speedy recovery from the affects of the latest round of knock out gas.

Why she wore all these she didn’t know.

Getting like this must have taken at least an hour if not more.  For all Batgirl knew, days could have passed by now. Fitting her limp body into the suit, exactly positioning her so the dildos and the devices on her breasts lined up perfectly must have been a big undertaking.  Getting her body inside chamber (as she now called it) and bound to the pole an even bigger task. There was no way the Professor couldn’t have done it alone.  Annie must have helped him.  Perhaps she wasn’t as weak or unwilling as an accomplice as Batgirl had hoped she was.

Looking around the chamber, the inside was lined with several thin wires and small round dots.  These looked like some kind of lights, perhaps LEDs or mini-strobe lights. Several other small devices, perhaps sensors or sound generators, were located inside, but she had no idea what these were used for.

The top of the chamber was sealed up with more glass.  A couple of lights were shining down from outside the top.  The floor was also glass and lights shining up through.  Both had little lights and devices wired onto them.  Torments would be coming at her from every direction she looked.  She must be making a hell of a display, like a bug on a slide.

Facing a wall, she couldn’t see anyone outside the chamber.  She might be alone, she might not be. She guessed they were waiting for her to wake up before the process began.  Her mind wondered, even as the suit stimulated her, on what was going to happen.  What would she be like when Mind Bender was finished with her?  Would she remember anything of her past life?  How much pain would the process inflict on her?  How much pleasure?

The situation wasn’t new to Batgirl, she’d been in tighter places than this and facing her own mortality as well.  But this one was different.  A sense of hopelessness was flooding her.  There didn’t look like a way out of this one. In a short amount of time, she might not have the capacity or ability to be Batgirl or even Barbara Gordon any longer.  While she felt she wasn’t in danger of loosing her life, she was in danger of loosing herself.  Annie Goodbody was not who she was a year ago.  The same fate was staring the sexy crime fighter right in the face.

Something struck her as she pondered, waiting for the ordeal to start.   Some of the clipping the professor showed her were from years ago.  During that time, she’d be in dozens of the super criminal’s traps and made narrow escapes from each one.   Sometimes, the machinery broke down.  Other times, there was a flaw that she could exploit.  Some just plain didn’t work as designed.  Even the ones Batman or Robin rescued her from wound up being defective.

Until this moment, she wondered why that was, why these gadgets never did accomplish the goal of ending her life.  The answer was now obvious.  The Professor was obsessed with her and would never want to contribute to the process of destroying her.  So while he designed and built the death traps, he might just have designed in insignificant defects or tiny escape hatches so they should fail.  Or maybe Annie had added a personal touch to each.

At least Batgirl was clever enough to find the flaws, small as some of them were.

Maybe that was something she could use against her captures.

It was hard for her to still think of herself at Batgirl.  Her identity exposed, she felt more like mousy Barbara Gordon that a super crime fighter.  It’s hard for one to feel like a hero when you mask is gone.  But she needed to still be Batgirl, to think like her and act like her, even in these last moments.  Look for the flaws and escape hatches.  Find a way out and end his rein of terror.  Hope was not dead, it never is.

Maybe it was simply the Professor who was less of a genius that seemed to be.

A new sound began, like a motor starting up.  The pole she was tied to began to slowly turn.  It turned about half way and stopped again.  She could now see the Professor and Annie, both seated at a console a few feet away.  Batgirl reasoned it must be another day, for her lab coat was open and Annie was not wearing the black corset any longer but a sporting a thin red bra and showed off plenty of cleavage.  She noted that Annie didn’t have that big of breasts when she was a beauty queen.  That was strange too.

Annie was looking up at her sadly.  Was she feeling heartbroken for Batgirl, knowing what was about to happen to her and what the results would be after Mind Bender had done its worst on her?  Or was she just she thinking about how she suffered when she was subjected to its powers and reliving the experiences.

The Professor, on the other hand, was looking rather giddy again, rubbing his hands.

“Are you comfortable, Batgirl?” he professor asked, Batgirl hearing him in the ear pieces.

“It’s a little stuffy in here, mind opening a window.” She replied.  She needed to be her old cocky self, not give in, never give up.  Fight, fight, fight to the end.  She was Batgirl!

Why didn’t she try out for the cheerleading squad in school?

“Amusing, my dear.” He replied.  “Resistant to the end.  It’s one of the many things I love about you.”

Batgirl caught how Annie shot a look up at the Professor.  Did the comment pain her?

“Sorry the feeling is NOT mutual.” Batgirl said.

“You must be wondering what is about to happen and how my stupendous Mind Bender works?” still speaking quickly.

“Not really, but if you feel you must tell, please don’t let me stop you.”

“The principal is very simple yet quite complex to execute.  I don’t want to waste our time explaining all the calculation and details with you right now.  I can do that another day.”

“Good, I hate to be bored.” Batgirl snubbed at him.

“Bored?  Oh no, if anything, I can promise you will not be bored.  Allow me to give a small sample of what you will be experiencing momentarily.”

He entered some commands on his keyboard.  Instantly, her pleasure suit came to life, sending waves of stimulus across her entire body, exciting every bit of the skin it touched.  It felt like hundreds of silk covered fingers were caressing her whole body all at one time.

The dildos inside her began to gently vibrate while they swelled and contracted in length, simulating intercourse. Thankfully, the unit in her anus only moved slightly, but still enough to create the desired affect.  The one in her pussy had far greater range and motions.  The units around her breasts did a similar motion, as if hands were fondling and squeezing her breasts.  Her nipples received the simulated motions of fingers rolling and lightly pinching them.

Another vibration aroused her clit, sending waves for pleasure through her like the tiny vibrator she kept in her night stand.  Even her shoes and gloves came to life, caressing the nerve ending in her feet and finger that send more erogenous pleasures throughout her body.

With her entire body being stimulated simultaneously, a climax swelled up quickly.  As much as she tried to resist the pleasuring of the suit and it’s built in apparatuses, her body betrayed her and the orgasm exploded, rippling through her helpless body as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasures pummeled her mind and body.  She screamed at the pleasure of the powerful orgasm heaped onto her.  The actions of the suit just keep the orgasm rolling on and on until she nearly passed out from the experience.

At last, everything stopped.  Batgirl hung by the plastic restraints, breathing hard and seeing stars.  Other devices had made her climax against her will and some of them tried to pleasure but denied the delight she aimed for while she did her best to encourage the orgasm and save off annihilation.  Some of them had been better orgasms that she achieved in the company of a male suitor.

Nothing even came close to this one.  It was quite possibly the longest, most powerful orgasm of her adventurous and erotic life.

“You see, the principal works on sensory overload.  Just as I did with your sense of touch, I will do to your sense of sight, sound and smell.  I’m about to flood all your senses with so much information that your mind will not be able to comprehend what is reality and what is suggestion.  During this time, my instructions to you will be programmed into your mind and become reality.  However, even though a mild aphrodisiac will be pumped into the air you are breathing, do not expect to be pleasured the way you just were during the process.  Denial is a much more powerful instrument than satisfaction.  Adding an element of sexual frenzy that is not relieved assists in the process and will make you much more susceptible.”

“Hypnosis? That’s it?”  Batgirl said catching her breath.  “That’s the great invention?  And I thought I was in the presence of brilliance.  All I’m getting is simple hypnosis?  How utterly pathetic.”  She needed to keep jabbing, trying to hit a nerve and make him react.  A dangerous tactic, but a needed one to get more data on him.

The Professor almost exploded into a rage, but then caught himself.   He walked around for a moment, gathering himself.  Though the chamber prevented Batgirl from hearing it, she could see he was talking to himself.

So, he had a tempter.  Batgirl filed that piece of data away, hoping she remembered it and would be able to use it against him.  At last he calmed himself before he returned to the microphone to speak again.

“This goes far beyond the primitive and ineffectual concept of a hypnotic suggestion.” He replied.  “As you know, the subject must be willing to accept a hypnotic suggestion to be affective. My technique is highly affective even if the subject resists.  No matter how unwilling or how mentally strong the subject’s mind is, Mind Bender will break it and bend it to my will.”

“So your goal is to create mindless drones?” Batgirl asked, setting up the next killer comment. “Miss Goodbody, are you alright with the thought that the Professor considering you a mush for brains, dumb blond?”

Annie looked up from the monitors when she heard her name.  Did Batgirl strike a nerve with the beauty queen too?  Did something go off in her mind?

“I didn’t say that!” the Professor screamed.  Again his anger flared, but Annie Goodbody was still looking for his answer.

“I affect the person’s will, not their intelligence.” He replied after a moment of raging.

“So you only like to get it on with weak women, is that the idea?”

Zing!!!

The professor flipped a switch, to the surprise of Annie.  Batgirl suspected he shut off the speaker they were listening too.  He then turned away from Miss Goodbody.

“You are very clever, Batgirl, trying to turn Miss Goodbody against me.  I assure you, it won’t work.  Miss Goodbody is totally devoted to me and programmed to do as I tell her.  See here, I shall prove it!”

He set the microphone down, but left it open while he ordered Miss Goodbody to remove her lab coat in full view of Batgirl.  The red bra was matched up with skimpy panties, garter belt, stockings and spiked high heels.  This pair of shoes had the same lock and chain system as the black pair.  She looked so out of place in this diabolical lab, yet in perfect concert with all the other male super criminal’s female wild kicks.  Every master criminal liked to keep a sexy woman around, even Catwoman who kept several.  Annie Goodbody left them all in the dust.

The Professor ordered Miss Goodbody to bind herself, which she did with a pair of silver cuffs from her own lab coat.  She locked one wrist in, dropped to her knees, placed her hands behind her back and locked the second ring onto her free wrist.  The helpless girl was now at his mercy and ready to serve.

Without missing a thing, the Professor open his pants and his cock sprang free.  Annie scooted on her knees closer to him and starting licking his manhood, which was not at full attention yet.  The Professor didn’t need to tell her another thing, she seemed to be on auto pilot, programmed to do this on command, regardless of the situation.  With his cock fully swollen, she switched to sucking his engorged rod, pumping her lips up and down the entire shaft.  She made a humming noise which Batgirl could hear between the Professors groans.  He didn’t hold her head or touch her in any way to make her give him head.

Batgirl watched the bizarre scene from her perch inside the chamber, unable to influence or prevent it from happening.  How she felt helpless, yet could appreciate the sexy image the scene created.  If only it were between two willing and trusting partners with the promise of grateful reply actions later.  She wondered how long it would take for them to finish, wishing they go do it some where else so she could try and break free.

It was almost like a light turned on in the Professors head.  He suddenly realized how ridiculous this must look to the trapped heroine a few yards away from him, getting a blowjob when there was work to be done.  Besides, it was Batgirl that was his obsession, not Miss Goodbody, at least, not any longer.

He pulled his cock from her mouth.  Apparently he was close to climaxing, for it seemed a great effort for him to remove himself from the bound beauty contestant.  He left Annie where she was, put himself back together and returned to the microphone.

“You see!” he said, breathing hard. “She does what’s commanded without question or resistance, no matter how humiliating it would be.”  He started pressing buttons and entering commands on the keyboard.  “Think about that while you can!  You are about to join her!”

Inside the chamber, things began to happen.  The pole and its attached captive began to slowly turn.  The air from the tube changed, apparently the aphrodisiac he spoke of was mixing in, masked by sweet and unique odors.  Music and sounds pumped into her ears and from the walls.   Red, blue, yellow and white lights began to flash from the walls of the chamber.  Vibrations began to rumble across her body.  The suit, and all its components, came to life again, this time so slowly it only stimulated but not strong enough to produce sexual relief.  Images flashed across glasses before her eyes, some of shapes and lights, other pictures that flash so quickly, her conscious mind could not register what they were.  Even when she closed her eyes, the lights still penetrated and affect her.

The constant and ever changing onslaught upon her senses was inconceivable.  Her mind couldn’t sort them out.  The turning of the platform made her loose all send of direction and balance.  New sounds came in, like a voice from far away telling her what to do.  It sounded like it was her own voice.

As her world crumbled, jumbled and mixed in her mind, she thought she saw one lasting image that she didn’t know if it was real or not.  It flashed into her mind, but how could she actually see it, with all the images and lights flashing around her. Or did she make it up?  She couldn’t think straight enough to sort it out as her mind went gray from overload.  Even as she slowly faded into a semi-conscious hypnotic state, she thought she knew where he was looking and what was happening outside.

The image was indeed real.  The Professor returned to Miss Goodbody to finish what she had started.  Miss Goodbody had her back to the chamber and could not see what was happening inside to helpless superhero, but knew full well what was occurring.

The Professors eyes were not closed in euphoric pleasures or even looking at Annie as she orally serviced his manhood, as she had done so many times over the last year.  His eyes were locked on a glorious sight, never wandering off, even as he climaxed and exploded into to Miss Goodbody’s mouth while she dutifully swallowed his sperm.

He stared at his new playmate, the one locked in the glass cage and under a full sensory attack, her mind conforming to his perverted and twisted desires.  The one person he had wanted for years and was now about to have.

Batgirl.



12.07.09

story continues in [**Batgirl vs the Professor 4: Results**](batgirlvsprofessor4.html)

o0o
