---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Domme Disposal Date
authors:
- Shokolada
tags:
- F-m
- mpov
- bagged
- cuffs
- breathplay
- messy
- food
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2025-12-13 00:00:00
---

I knew I was captivated by her after the third date. We had no trouble talking about a dozen subjects for hours, and her eyes shone with that delightful mix of intelligence and mischief. When Janet revealed she was kinky and a dominatrix, that just excited me further. I'd had some experience with light bondage and spanking, and we discussed fetishes for the rest of the evening.

That was when Janet offered to show me her playroom, and I quickly agreed. She had an excellent if simple setup in the basement: St. Andrew's cross, spanking bench, massage table with tie-down points and a cage underneath. An electric winch dangled from a beam for suspensions, and the floor was non-slip foam with a drain in the center. I know looking at it all made me a little flushed and I was already imagining myself under her tender mercies.

I could tell she knew what I was thinking. "Well. Andrew, It's been a lovely evening, but it's time to throw you out."

The boner I'd been building subsided. "Oh. Really? Uh, well, I'll leave if you really want…"

She laughed. "Leave? No, I definitely want you to stay, and to put up with my whims for the night!" She leaned close and her breath was hot in my ear. "You're not new to BDSM. Trust me? Standard traffic light safewords apply, but I think you'll enjoy what I have in mind."

My erection came right back. I'd been willing to submit to her since we started talking kink, and this was what I'd dreamed of. "Uhh… yes. Yes! Absolutely. What do you want to do?"

"I think a little uncertainty will add some spice. Let me amuse myself. What's the traffic report?"

It only took me a second. "Green!"

Janet smiled wide. "Yay!" She helped me take off my clothes, and I was having a good time already. But my first surprise arrived immediately as she went to a shelf and retrieved a large black plastic garbage bag the size contractors use. "What is that for?" I asked. "Looks damn near big enough to put me in." Her eyebrows raised and her grin became a bit manic. "Oh. Oh… you're throwing me out?"

She shook the bag open and set it on the floor, rolling the sides into a donut shape. "Get in, trash!"

I can say for certain that was the first time I'd ever been called a name like that and didn't mind it so much. In a bit of a daze, I sat down cross-legged. She went over to another shelf and retrieved a belt that she placed around my waist and which included cuffs for my wrists. She rolled the bag up over my body and then head, twisting it loosely above me. It was indeed big enough.

Thus began a sensory experience I'll never forget. Janet's hands roamed freely over my enclosed body. The plastic was smooth, slick, and soft, feeling almost silk like; and she quickly found all the places to stroke me that would make me moan. I could hear her excited breathing over the sound of crinkling plastic, and the bag let just enough light through for me to dimly see her silhouette moving around. She gently touched my erection just often enough that I almost didn't notice the air was getting stuffy in there, but soon I felt stifled. Even that was oddly exciting, but it was also too much. I was seconds away from saying "yellow" at the very least.

As if reading my mind, she stopped and opened the bag. Cool air rushed in and I felt my nipples perk right up. I realized quickly that Janet had managed to lose all but her underwear while I was trapped in there, and the lacy bra and panties that remained made it even harder to think clearly. "Don't want the trash to expire before I'm through with it," she said wickedly. After grabbing something from behind me, she slipped a nosepiece onto my face which connected to a long hose plugged into a repurposed CPAP nighttime breathing machine. "Now I can seal this up properly." Cool air flowed into my nostrils as the bag was twisted shut over my head once again.

Janet made a pensive noise. "There's something missing here, though. It's bothering me. Oh! I know! Now, trash can't speak, so stay quiet in there unless there's a traffic problem." She left me to sit there for a bit, and really I didn't mind a few minutes to process all of this. This was some freaky bondage indeed, but I sure couldn't pretend I wasn't having lots of fun. I felt a little objectified, but in a good way; as much fun as she was having, this was a decent amount of effort on her part and it was flattering and exciting.

After a while of her doing unidentifiable things on the other side of the room, the bag was certainly getting a little warm and sweaty. With the constant flow of air, I didn't mind too much. Honestly, I discovered the mild sensory deprivation felt a little relaxing. I could almost see doing this for non-sexual reasons; I wondered what Janet would think of that.

After an unguessable time she came back. "It seems a sin to show away something this clean, and I imagine it's getting a little sticky in there. So let me take care of both problems." The bag opened, and I got a glimpse of her fully naked before something heavy and runny cascaded down over my face. The goop slid down my chest and back and started pooling in the bag, and I was again about to call a panic color when the smell hit me. I ran my tongue over a lip, and childhood memories of licking the spoon told me immediately this was chocolate cake batter. I couldn't help it; I started giggling, and after a moment I realized she was too.

The flow stopped and she set down what was probably a bucket. I couldn't see too well. "Now that's a trashy mess," she said, delighted. I felt her lick chocolate from one of my nipples and the hard-on which had vanished due to surprise suddenly remembered itself. "Don't want it spilling, though," and she reclosed the bag. This time I could hear the ratchet of a plastic zip-tie sealing the opening around the hose which was still giving me air; the nosepiece had blessedly kept my nostrils clear.

Janet grabbed hold of my shoulders through the now extra-slippery plastic and pushed my back to the floor. The confines of the bag kept my legs in lotus position, which sounds much more uncomfortable than it was. Besides, I didn't pay attention to that very long; as she swiftly straddled me! Even through everything I could feel the heat of her crotch as it settled atop mine.

"Gotta be… eco-friendly… and put trash… to maximum use!" She rocked back and forth against me, clearly getting more and more excited. The chocolate batter served as delicious lube under the plastic, and I felt like little more than a human dildo under her. It was amazing, and I'm a little surprised I didn't poke a hole through the bag even without the use of my still-bound hands. The insanity and crazy sensations combined with her joyful gasps and it was too much; I came hard, adding a little extra to the mess I was already in. I wasn't quiet about it either, despite the earlier instruction, and she didn't seem to mind much; within a few seconds she was also over the top, and orgasmed two or three times at least. I wasn't in a position to keep careful track.

She rolled off of me. After a while, I caught my breath with the help of the laboring CPAP, and after another little while, I felt capable of making a sentence. "Holy… fuck. I have never ever felt like this. That was… almost indescribable."

"I’ve never felt comfortable enough to try this before," she breathed. "Oh my god… that was lovely. Thank you for being so willing."

I wiggled around in the plastic. "Can I get out now?"

There was a pause, and her hand found its way to my dick, caressing and squeezing gently. "Do you absolutely need to?"

I wasn't a teenager any more; so I’d like to know how in the hell I got hard again that fast! Betrayed by my own flesh! "Uh… it's dark in here… but it's a pretty green dark…"

She giggled again. "Oh, awesome! I still have to clean up and dispose of this trash!"

I don't know where she found the energy; but I saw her silhouette spring up and move aside. After a moment I heard a loud rattle of wheels attached to hollow hard plastic and realized it was the commercial trash bin from the corner. It was somewhat wheelbarrow-shaped and about big enough for two people to lie in - which I realized wasn't an accident.

I heard the electric winch whir, and felt Janet fiddle round my dark slimy plastic prison. Suddenly I was lifted into the air in my bag; yet another novel sensation! I swung gently back and forth, hearing the rattle move underneath me, then I was lowered into a pile of bags in the bottom of the bin. The suspiciously soft pile made me wonder if this was ever intended for actual waste, but I didn't think about that for long. The winch released me, and after a moment of rustling, further bags flew into my bin and bounced off me. I was almost buried lying flat again, and was glad my airway was still in place.

After a moment, the pile rustled and I felt her hands on my other hose. In fact, they were tearing through the plastic and pulling my erection out through the hole. Moments later, it slipped into another hole and I realized she was greedily sucking my dick clean of the chocolate covering it. She knew what she was doing, and her lips and tongue drove me mad. I was never going to look at a dessert the same way again.

After a thorough cleaning which drove me up the wall, she pushed bags around and straddled me again, this time sliding me inside her. She was soaking wet and almost screamed as she impaled herself on me. With my hands still pinned, I could do nothing but buck up against Janet as she rode me. I wasn't staying quiet any more but I wasn't making words either.

"Fuck! Fuck this! I am fucking the goddamn garbage and it has an amazing fucking cock!" she yelled. "Fuck me, trash! Fuck me, trash! Show me what’s left in this bag!"

It took me a while to come so soon after the last time. Pretty soon I stopped thinking clearly about anything but the goo sliding around me, the rustle of plastic burying me, and her pussy swallowing me up. I don't know how many times she came; they all blended together after a bit. But finally I did too, and she felt it deep inside, stopping her ride after a few more deep, hungry strokes to finish off. Janet collapsed next to me in the pile of bags, spent by her exercise and her orgasms.

Eventually, she wrapped an arm around me, and mumbled, "You okay in there?"

"Hell yes. I'm - I'm - yeah, I'm okay," I replied. Everything was very okay.

"Lucky for you I believe in recycling," she said as she squeezed my encased form against her. "But I reserve the right to dispose of you again in the future." She yawned.

I briefly pondered that in my foggy brain. Hey, what the hell. "I think we should commit to this kind of green," I managed to quip.

I got a snore in response. Well, you know what? I was comfortable enough for the time being.

END
