---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Kaylee's Professor
authors:
- GCane
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- bond
- latex
- bdsm
- kidnap
- nc/reluct
- XX
date: 2007-09-15 00:00:00
---

It felt cold at first, the leather bench that found my bottom when I was ordered to sit. The cold surprised me and made me let out a small gasp, but it felt good on the welts I knew the wooden cane had left on my backside. The cool surface lessened the burning sting, if only for a moment.

SMACK!!

My top of my breasts exploded in pain from the unexpected blow. "Slaves do not sit on furniture, slaves are furniture, slaves are things. You are a thing." He whispers in my ear.

SMACK!!

"That is your name now......'thing'. I want you to kneel with your bum on your heels, hands by your side and head down. That's how 'thing' sits."

I fight the urge to strike out blindly at him. Rationally, I know my chances of actually landing a blow are slim since I can't see anything with this hood on my head but the combination of anger and fear I feel inside is making it hard to stay calm. 'You won't break me' I tell myself in my mind. 'You won't break me'. I have to wait for the right moment, perhaps my only moment, to escape and right now is not it. Follow his orders now until he lets his guard down. That's my plan. My only plan.

"Sit thing."

Gingerly, I get off the bench, trying to lessen the sting in my bum by not sliding off the seat. I take a small step forward, away from the chair and kneel as ordered, with my closed, taped fists by my side. The floor feels hard and unforgiving - not ideal for kneeling.

"I said head down, 'thing'".

SMACK - fiery pain on my outer thigh, which makes me scream into my gag and I instinctively try to sooth with my bound hands.

"Back into position or you'll get another. That's right, hands by the side, bum on heels, head down - almost there, now spread your knees apart... more.... more... good."

My leg hurts and I feel so vulnerable and exposed to this stranger, unable to see his movements. Time seems to be stood still and I feel like an animal on display, unseen eyes examine me. My legs are spread well over 90 degrees, exposing my most private parts for all to see.

"Now remember this position 'thing'. When you find yourself not being used for any other purpose, this is the position you should be in, always presenting your body for me. Understand?"

My thigh still burns but I dare not try to rub it again. "Yes Master" I knew from earlier was my expected response, which comes out as some garbled gibberish around the gag tightly strapped between my lips.

"What was that?"

"Eeehhggghhhh  Aaanghherrrrr" I repeat, louder this time.

"Good. I'm a fair Master 'thing'. An obedient 'thing' will get rewarded and a disobedient 'thing' will get punished." He says, putting a strong emphasize on the word thing every time he says it. "The quicker you learn that the happier you'll be. And I promise you that in time you will love your new life. You'll be much happier here with me than you ever were before."

My current situation of being kidnapped, tortured and abused was not exactly my idea of being happy. Far from it I feel like saying.

"In order to learn what will be expected of you and what you can expect from me, you will have to be trained. Each training lesson will help you learn your new role with enthusiasm and diligence. We both know this is what you have always wanted. "

Role, what the hell is this guy talking about? How does he know what I want?

"Lucky for you, my assistant - The Professor - will be responsible for your training and domestication. The Professor has extensive experience training things like you."

While I was still trying to understand everything he was saying I hear his footsteps echo on the hard floor and then a door open and close. Now what? Who is The Professor and what does he want with me? This incredible nightmare I'm in doesn't seem to be ending and now I'm more scared than ever. Is there more than one sicko or does this guy have multiple personalities or something??

Several minutes passed by with nothing and I wonder if this could be the moment I have been waiting for. With this damned hood I can't see the room I'm in which limits me enormously. More time passes as I try to decide what to do but I can't tell how much time for sure. I wonder if I'll ever a better opportunity to escape. I concentrate on my hearing, listening for any sign of someone coming but hear nothing.

If I could just get the tape of one of my hands... as I start to rub my fist against my thigh to feel for the edge of the tape. I need a knife or scissors, but I can't see anything with this hood. I instinctively look towards the direction of the door but there's still no sound yet so I try to rub my hands together to get the tape off. I can't get a good hold the way my hands are taped.

My heart almost jumps out of my chest when a telephone rings in the room. The first ring stops and I force myself to calm down and breath. A phone.... and immediately I think of the phone as a lifeline, a source to get help.... it rings a second time and I think it is somewhere to my left.... if I can get to it and tell them I need help. I feel a sense of hope growing as I stand, waiting for the third ring...

"Hello... yes, she failed. Goodbye." A woman's voice is soft and low but it stops me dead in my tracks. Who is she? Why didn't I hear her come in? What is going on? My mind is racing...

"Sit." Her voice is louder now, stern. I hear the distinct click of heels come towards me but I'm stood frozen in shock.

"Sit." She is close to me, in front of me but my brain is still trying to get over the surprise of her sudden appearance.

SMACK!! A crack of something hard on my stomach brings my brain back to reality and I quickly drop to the floor in the position I was just in.

"At least Lesson One wasn't a complete failure - you know what sit means. I'm The Professor and it is my job to educate you on your new role. You will address me 'Yes Professor' or 'No Professor'. Understood?"

"Eeggghhhh OOaaghhaaeeerrr" I tell her, hopeful to simply avoid another hit. The shock of her appearance is almost as surprising as the fact that The Professor is a woman and not a man.

"Good. Since you disobeyed your master and moved without permission, you have failed your first lesson. We'll have to do some training to learn obedience. I want you to repeat after me - I am a thing. Things do not move. I am my master's thing."

She can't be serious? I ask to myself. My name is Kaylee, I'm...SMACK!!

"Repeat after me - I am a thing. Things do not move. I am my master's thing." Her voice is emotionless and dry.

This crack across my back lets me know she's strong. The pain more than enough motivation to do what she said. "Ihh aan a hhiinggg. Hhiingggthh wwhooo nnhhotd hoooghhh. Ihh aan hhhy hhhaaaagherr hhiinggg."

"Good - again."

"Ihh aan a hhiinggg. Hhiingggthh wwhooo nnhhotd hoooghhh. Ihh aan hhhy hhhaaaagherr hhiinggg."

"Excellent. Now, lets try again to see if you understand lesson one. After every lesson we will have a small test for you to complete. Pass a test and you get a reward. Fail a test and you will be punished."

While she is still speaking I feel her hand on my chest. I've never had another woman touch my breast besides my family doctor and I feel more than a little embarrassed, even more so that it feels kind of nice. Her touch is caring and she fondles my chest for several moments. My back is still hurting where she struck me but I feel her breath on my skin and she twirls my nipple with her tongue then begins to lightly suck at it and I feel my nipple get hard in her mouth.   My face is red with embarrassment but is thankfully hidden from her as she whispers to me

"See, you can try to tell yourself you don't want to be here but your body disagrees with you. Now, time for your retest" and I feel an intense sharp pain on my hardened nipple.

"These are what we call alligator clamps and you may as well get used to them because they'll be part of your wardrobe more often than not."

The pain was sharp and intense. I feel her hands move to my other nipple and repeat the caressing then licking and sucking which despite the pain from the first nipple, the second gets hard in her mouth as well and then the same sudden bite as the first.

"There, much better already. Calm your breathing and relax." Her voice is more human now, softer than before.

I try to maintain my composure and not show her it hurts but the pain is intense and I'm panting through my nose trying to remain still.

"Now, you're test is fairly simple. All you have to do it sit still 'thing' until I return. Those nipple clamps are attached to a glass of water on a small table in front of you. Move and the glass falls off spilling its contents. So basically, don't move and you pass. One more time let me hear it - I am a thing. Things do not move. I am my masters thing."

"Ihh aan a hhiinggg. Hhiingggthh wwhooo nnhhott hoooghhh. Ihh aan hhhy hhhaaaagherr hhiinggg." I tell her, although this time it is a little more ragged due to the two small fires I feel on my nipples.

"I'll leave you alone for a little while. I've made an audio CD for you to listen to so you don't get bored."

I hear her walk across the hardwood again, her shoes clicking loudly on the hard floor. Again, the door opens and closes, with the Professor slamming it for effect I assume. I wasn't sure if she actually left or not and I wasn't about to test it by moving. I just wanted to sit tight and pass this test to get these horrible devices off my poor nipples. The burn was spreading and my whole chest was feeling the pain.

"Hi thing, this is your audio companion for lesson one. I can help you pass lesson one with flying colors." An over enthusiastic high pitched male recorded voice plays over speakers on both sides of me, making me feel surrounded and is a little louder than it needs to be.

"For this lesson, I will say a phrase and you simply repeat it back to me. Say it like you mean it, because you are what you believe! Let's begin.... I am thing. Things do not move. I am my masters thing... okay your turn.............. good. Again, repeat after me.... I am thing. Things do not move. I am my master's thing......"

And so the audio went on, repeating over and over "I am thing. Things do not move. I am my master's thing"

At first I try blocking it out but it's too loud.

My sense of time is all screwed up and I can't tell if I've been waiting 5 minutes or 5 hours. My knees are hurting, my body is beginning to cramp and my chest is a dull pain but I don't dare move. I feel sweat start to form and run from under the hood down my back but I am too afraid to move. The recording keeps going over and over and over... I am not a thing, I tell myself but every time the voice disagrees with me. I can't let them break me. I'm not a thing... I'm not a thing... but the voice keep saying it. I need him to stop saying it. I'm not a thing I tell him as best I could through the gag.

"...I am thing. Things do not move. I am my master's thing..."

"Noogghh, Ihh aan nnhhott a hhiinggg!!!" I began to plead with the voice, I had to convince him I wasn't a thing, I was a person... I shout at the voice and feel a tug on my nipple reminding me of the attached glass.

"...I am a thing. Things do not move. I am my masters thing......... I am a thing. Things do not move. I am my masters thing........ lesson one ending. Wow, great job, you're such a good thing."

Finally the recording stops and I realize I am crying under the hood. I can't let them know that this got to me and that I cried. I try to sniffle and compose myself under my hood but the leather hood is too tight on my nose. Again, my small movement pulls on the chain through my nipples and I try to stay perfectly still.

I hear the door open and the heels coming towards me again.

"Well done thing, you did so good." She tells me, talking to me like I'm a 4 year old. "You passed lesson one. You must be thirsty and as a reward you can have a drink and take a rest. Why don't we remove the clamps from your poor nipples first? Does that sound good?"

I nod emphatically to tell her yes, get these god forsaken devils off me.

"Okay, here goes," The Professor presses the clamp ends open to remove them from my chest but instead of relief the pain was worse than before and I jerk my hands up to my chest, pulling away from her.

"AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Horrible bursts of white pain cross my eyes in the blackness.

"Oh, did I forget to mention it might hurt a little bit taking these off? The intensity of the sting is much worse than before."

"Maaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh.....aaaaah.......aaaaa.h...." I cry out through jagged breaths.

Ever so slowly the pain dies out to a numbing feeling.

"It's the blood coming back into your nipples. You'll get used to it and it won't be so bad. Trust me." the Professor tells me as she walks across the room and back again, her heels clicking loudly. "Okay, as promised, you can have a drink. I will take the gag off but you must not speak. Not one word. Now sit."

I remember the position I am expected to be in. At first I think about disobeying, just to disobey but my tortured chest convinces me otherwise. I never want those things on me again. I assume the exposed kneeling positioning again. She takes my hands and brings them behind my back and I feel something go around my wrists then 'CLICK'. My hands are now cuffed behind me.

I feel her hands at the lock at my hood and she tells me there are two keys to the lock. One is in my hand, taped shut. She other has the other. The rush of cool air as she removes the lock and lifts the hood off my sweat soaked head feels refreshing. The gag is still in place but release from the hood feels good.

The sudden brightness blinds me at first as my eyes try to adjust to the light, which takes a few minutes. Slowly, I start to take in the room I'm in. It's a windowless room with gray walls. In front of me is a big wooden desk with a computer and phone on it... the phone I heard ringing earlier. The floor is dark hardwood and I notice there are various pictures hung on the walls behind the desk, all of women tied up in different positions. What is this place? I wonder...

"Head down 'thing'" I don't want to be hit anymore so I quickly look down to the floor, between my knees. The professor is behind me so I can't see her. I then feel her at the gag strap and then the ball pops out of my mouth and my jaw aches at the new found freedom. I slowly close my mouth and try to swallow. My jaw aches from the prolonged open position and I open and close my mouth a few times to get relieve some of the ache.

I'm still in my sitting position, and I see a glass of water with a straw in it in front of me on the floor.

"Go ahead, drink up."

I hesitate knowing she is behind me and I have to raise up my hips and bum to get my head down to the glass, seeing how my hands are still cuffed behind me.

"Okay, if you don't want it that's fine. Last chance, do you want any drink or not?"

I am very thirsty, so I slowly lean forward, humiliated by the way I have to drink, exposing my ass to her. My lips finally reach the straw and I gulp it down quickly then sit back again into position.

"Now not one word or it goes back in." I hear her say from behind me.

I ask myself if maybe I could convince her to help me. I know I shouldn't talk but if I can just tell her... my eyes are on the floor as I hear her heels as she walks around in front of me. Even with my head down I see her shoes as she stands in front of me. The black peep toe heels must be at least 5 inches. Then with a cane in her hand she gently lifts my chin up so that I can see her entire body and face. Doing so erases all thoughts of asking her for help...

The figure in front of me is a complete shock to me. The Professor has the black 5 inches peep toe shoes on. She's wearing bright red latex stockings that are skin tight. The top of the stockings are attached to a black corset that is obviously tied very tight and really gives her an hourglass figure - her waist looks like half the size of her hips.

I notice she isn't wearing any panties or anything and that she is completely shaved down below. Going higher up, I see the corset stops just below her breasts and pushes them up and out, straight out from her body. Both her nipples are pierced and have big barbells going through them. My eyes then stop at her head. She has long black hair that is pulled into a tight ponytail behind her head. Our eyes meet and she stares back at me with her green eyes.

She takes a step forward until her crotch is almost touching my face. She then puts a hand behind my head and pulls my head forward until my nose is brushing against her outer lips. I close my eyes and try to resist but she is too strong and I can smell her sex in front of me. I have never been this close to another woman before and I'm too shocked to do anything. She presses her hips forward a little more onto my face and I feel her wetness on my chin and nose, the smell of her filling my breaths. Still with my eyes closed she backs away, leaving some of her juice on my face. I inhale, smelling her sex on my face and I feel myself humiliated and embarrassed. I feel guilty as my body fails to listen to me. I feel my nipples go hard again for her and a feeling I have never felt before stir inside of me.

I lower my head to the floor and hear her say to me, "See, you're nothing but slut 'thing'. Soon, very soon......" Her tone soft and not harsh.

Her words echo in my head. I'm not a slut....am I? My mind is torn between what I want to believe and the guilty fact that my body is disagreeing with me. I open my eyes but my vision is blurry. I see her towering over me, holding the glass. The drink, what was in the drink..... my eyelids are too heavy to keep open and the last words I hear her whisper as my world goes black are, "You're a slut 'thing'".....

-----------

This is one of my very first stories so depending on the feedback I may continue it in part 2. Please, I look forward any and all feedback. Email me at [bondage.4.life@gmail.com](mailto:bondage.4.life@gmail.com)
