---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/helensjourney3.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Helen''s Journey 3: More Therapy'
authors:
- Lobo De La Sombra
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- cuffs
- leather
- clips
- therapy
- tease
- arousal
- denial
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Helen's Journey 2: Therapy Begins**](helensjourney2.html))

**Part 3: More Therapy**

“Does it have to be behind my back?”

Helen Adler craned her neck, struggling to watch as Bradley Scott connected the cuffs encircling her wrists. Satisfied that her wrists were securely restrained, he moved to stand in front of her.

“Something wrong?” he asked softly.

“This is how he had me tied,” Helen responded, a slight catch in her voice.

Brad nodded slowly. “And now this position makes you nervous,” he said. “I can understand that. You were in a very bad situation then. But it was the situation that was bad, not the position. A lot of bondage positions include having your hands behind you, so, if you want to learn bondage, I’m afraid you’re going to have to get used to it.” He smiled gently. “Besides, this is a totally different situation isn’t it? Do you feel like you’re in any danger here?”

“Well……. no.”

“Do you trust me not to harm you in any way?”

“Well……. yes.”

“Then what is the problem?”

“The problem…..” Helen simply gazed at him for several seconds. “The problem,” she finally said, “is that you are always right. Do you have any idea how irritating that can be?”

Smiling, Brad grasped Helen’s arm gently, pleased when she didn’t immediately flinch away. Turning her chair, he seated her sideways, allowing her arms to hang freely behind her. Stepping back, he watched as she tugged at her bonds.

“Today,” he said after a moment, “I’d like to also do your legs.” At this, Helen’s eyes widened.

“Do you have to?”

Brad shook his head. “No,” he replied, “I don’t. If you think that’s too much, we’ll let it wait for another time. After all, this is only your second time bound.”

Helen gazed at him silently, her eyes mirroring the struggle within her. Finally, in a nearly inaudible whisper, she said, “Do it.”

Nodding, Brad knelt and gently wrapped leather cuffs around Helen’s ankles, connecting them with the same type of double clip that secured her wrists. Rising, he moved back to his own chair, seating himself slowly.

Eyes locked with his, Helen tugged experimentally at her bonds. Rising, she tried to walk, the link between her cuffs limiting her steps to little more than an inch at a time. Helen’s eyes widened.

“I can’t walk,” she whispered, her voice taut. “I can’t run. I can’t……” With a whimper, she began struggling to pull her feet apart, only to freeze as Brad rose from his chair.

“Do you want me to release your legs?” he asked, his concern obvious in his voice.

“Yes, please.”

Nodding, Brad stepped toward her slowly, kneeling and reaching for the clip connecting her ankle cuffs.

“Wait.” Brad halted, looking up. He could see the fear in Helen’s wide eyes as she gazed down at him. Fear… and something else.

“If you release my feet,” she said slowly, “he wins, doesn’t he? By making me so afraid, he makes me a victim. I won’t give him that. Please, leave them.”

“If that’s what you want,” Brad replied, emphasizing that the choice was hers.

“What I want,” Helen replied, “is to run very far away from here and just hide from everyone and everything. I’m scared, I’m lost, and, right now, the only thing in this whole world I feel I can trust is you.”

Brad watched her silently, saying nothing to encourage her in any way.

“Leave them,” she finally said. “I need to do this. But talk to me, please. Give me something to focus on.”

Nodding, Brad moved back to his chair, watching as Helen carefully seated herself on her own chair.

“What would you like to talk about?”

“You like bondage,” Helen said, “and so does he. Tell me again the difference between you.”

“The difference,” Brad replied, “isn’t so much in what we do. It’s in the how, and the why we do. He bound you, against your will, to keep you from resisting him. I bind you with your consent, to help you learn that bondage, in and of itself, is not a bad thing.”

“So when he bound me,” Helen said thoughtfully, “he was taking something from me. When you bind me, you’re giving something to me. He hurt me with bondage, but you’re using bondage to try to help me.” Helen shook her head. “It’s like you’re exact opposites.”

“Sometimes,” Brad said slowly, “it’s not so much what you do as why you do it.”

“I think I understand.” Helen tugged gently at her bonds. “And I think I understand something else, too.” Her eyes locked with his. “I’m scared to death right now,” she continued. “Thing is, it’s not you that scares me.” Her eyes fell. “I’m not afraid that you’ll come over here and…. and…. I’m not, really. I know you’d never do anything like that. I just don’t know what it is that has me so afraid.”

“What if?”

Helen’s eyes rose, widening as she stared at him. “Of course,” she whispered. “It’s not what you’ll do that scares me. It’s what might happen that terrifies me. You might…. might…. rape me. You might decide to keep me like this forever. You might even kill me.” She shook her head. “I’m terrified by something that I know…. I know…. will never happen. What will it take to get rid of this fear?”

“Time,” Brad told her softly, “and trust. You’ve already taken the hardest steps, and now you know where your fear lies, which means you can fight it.”

“You wouldn’t hurt me,” Helen said, conviction in her voice. “You’re so gentle with me, so caring.” She tugged at her bonds. “I’m helpless,” she said, “but at the same time, I’m as safe as I ever could be. I have you to protect me.” Nodding her head, she slowly closed her eyes.

For long moments, there was silence. Gradually, Brad began to notice a slight motion in Helen’s left leg. At first it looked like small muscle twitches. Slowly, the motion grew until Helen’s knee was rising and falling rhythmically.

“Are you ok?”

Helen’s eyes opened. “I think so,” she replied. “Why?”

“Well, it looked like you were beginning to squirm just a bit. I just wanted to make sure everything was alright.”

Helen’s eyes fell. “I’m fine,” she said softly. It’s just that my….”

“Yes?”

“My nose itches.”

Brad smiled. “Would you like me to scratch it for you?”

“Um, well, yeah, I guess. If you don’t mind.”

Still smiling, Brad rose and approached Helen’s chair. “Which side?”

“Um, left.”

Gently, Brad used one finger to lightly scratch the side of Helen’s nose.

“Just a bit lower, please.” Obligingly, Brad lowered his finger just a bit. “Lower.”

“Is this the part,” Brad asked teasingly, “where you keep telling me ‘lower’ until we get to the real itch?”

Helen’s eyes widened as she glanced up, then followed Brad’s gaze down to where her left thigh, tightly clenched to its partner, rose and fell in a slow, steady rhythm.

“You wouldn’t.”

“Because…..?”

Helen took a deep breath. “Because,” she replied, “I did not ask you in advance for any sexual attention to go with the bondage.”

Nodding, Brad returned to his chair. “More wet panties?”

Helen’s eyes fell as her face turned a bright crimson. “Drenched,” she whispered.

“And when you go home,” Brad asked, “are you going to masturbate thinking about this?”

“Brad!” Amazingly, Helen’s blush grew even brighter. “How could you ask something like that?”

“Because I’m curious,“ Brad replied.

“So if I wanted to have sex while bound,” Helen said in an obvious attempt to change the subject, “I’d have to ask you before the first cuff went on?”

Brad nodded. “Or before you get here, that would be even better,” he said. “That way, I would have no doubt the bondage, and your response to it, wouldn’t be a factor. Or,” he continued slowly, “the anticipation of bondage, if you asked when you first arrived.”

Helen nodded. “I think I’ve had enough for now,” she said.

“Fair enough.” Rising, Brad quickly removed her restraints. Helen rose and placed a soft kiss on Brad’s cheek.

“For being so sweet,” she said in response to his surprised look. Turning away, she opened the door, then paused in the doorway, looking back.

“I’m on my way home,” she said with a grin, “to masturbate over this. After all, I’m the only one who has my permission to touch me that way.” Turning, she walked quickly away, throwing a fast, “For now.” over her shoulder.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=191.0)

26.03.13

story continues in [**Helen's Journey 4: Final Lesson**](helensjourney4.html)

o0o
