---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jenny's Ordeal
authors:
- Cropsncuffs
tags:
- F+/f
- cage
- bond
- cuffs
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2008-02-26 00:00:00
---

Jenny would like to go home now. Really, she would.

Away from the hungry stares of the group of lesbians who are regarding her as if she is theirs to do with as they please.

Their prey.

Party animal Jenny.

Jenny who allowed a few drinks too many to get her up on stage among all the other dancers.

First on the table, then gyrating against a tall steel pole, then finally down amongst the audience in a tall metal cage. Flashing stocking-tops under a flared miniskirt, slip-clopping her fashionable high-heels to the beat of the music and the cat-calls of the crowd. Now she was still in the cage, only the curtains had long since closed about the cages and the stage leaving her in sultry darkness.

As the curtains had closed she had whooped with joy, sweat plastering her long hair to her face, a wild exultation seizing her very being as her passions flowed. Still on the adrenaline driven high she had felt the cage moving, and she only sobered up  when the curtain was swished back to reveal her situation.

The cage was maybe four feet square, and now it stood in the middle of the larger room. And around her stood women. Strangely dressed and heavily made-up women who eyed her hungrily. One in tight leather trousers and gleaming thigh boots locked eyes with her. Her cold blue eyes making her shiver, and Jenny quickly averted her gaze, desperately seeking friendlier places to look.

And she found it in the big brown eyes of an altogether fleshier figure some two places to the left of the woman with the blue eyes. Her figure was straining against the stays of a black basque worn over a tight pair of denim hotpants. Pale flesh flowed over the top of the basque, and as Jenny met her gaze she flicked her tongue about her lips. Cowboy boots with spindly heels completed the look.

As a single unit they all moved towards the cage. A long arm reached out and caressed Jenny’s hair through the bars. Jenny jumped away from the unwelcome touch, bouncing off the bars of the cage as another hand came questing after her from another direction.

“Come on beautiful” said a voice from somewhere near her ear, “Lets have some fun!”

Jenny sprang away from the source of the voice as a dozen arms reached through the bars of the cage. Every one ending in a grasping hand. One caught her collar and pulled gently yet firmly. Jenny jerked away, twisting awkwardly within her tiny prison, stumbling on her high heels until bars slammed against her shoulders. Arms flew around her from behind and pinned her with her back to the bars. Clawing hands grabbed at her clothes, buttons popping and flying, buckles unfastening, a dozen fingers caressing her suddenly exposed flesh. Her tiny skirt falling to the floor, her blouse in tatters at the assault, she dragged herself free of the maddening  hands and stood in the centre of the cage.

The group took a pace back from the bars, regarding her with open lust in her lacy lingerie. Jenny pleaded with them, bagged her to let them go, but to no avail. Several were now waving sets of handcuffs as they closed in for a second time.

Jenny turned desperately where she stood, trying to find escape, any route of escape, or even a way to delay the inevitable. But in the cage there was no refuge, only a hard floor and four rows of cold, implacable bars.

Jenny felt her head drop in defeat as they came at her for a second time. Some were kneeling this time, some even stooping to the floor alongside those who chose to remain standing. Hands came at her from every angle. Grasping her ankles, caressing her hips, tugging urgently at the elastic of her knickers, unfastening her suspenders and swiftly finding the catch on her bra.

Despite it all, Jenny found herself growing moist at she sheer perversity of it the act, tears running down her face as ruthless hands stripped her swiftly naked, and a tiny cry coming from her the very soul of her being as cold steel cuffs made prisoners of her wrists and ankles. Hands spread and separated her limbs, fastening her long legs wide and her spreading her wrists high and wide to horizontal bars way up on the cage. Spread-eagling her within that tall cage.

The door swung open, and brown-eyes swayed in, her denim shorts straining at the seams she suddenly presented Jenny a figure that broadcast sex at every level. Tender fingers caressed her helpless intimacy as their eyes met, and Jenny felt herself returned the passionate kiss that came next with wanton abandon. And moments later the cage was packed with women, and her every orifice and surface was under assault. Fingers, tongues, hands, fingernails, her every sense assaulted beyond the ken of modern woman. Jenny joyously submitted herself to the feelings, her head falling back and a subhuman, animal cry echoing from her throat as the attack continued. Sweat rolled off every inch of her flesh as the wild lesbians took their pleasure of her.

When the clouds passed Jenny found herself lying on the floor outside the cage. She didn’t remember how she got there, only that her whole body felt as if it had been through a wringer, as limp as damp rag. Her clothes were at her side, all neatly folded and ready for her to wear. There was only one other person in the room. Brown-eyes was sitting in the corner, now rather more conservatively dressed on a long skirt and ballet pumps. She was smiling gently.

“We run the cage every Friday night,” she said simply, “You will be most welcome any Friday. We don’t get many as good looking and wild as you in.”

Jenny regarded her silently as she slipped back into her clothes. Then she glanced back at the now empty but still menacing cage. And despite herself she felt a yearning in her body to be back inside. When she looked back brown-eyes was standing by her side.

“Of course,” she whispered, her hand softly touching her arm, “I’ve got one of my own at home.”

Jenny looked at her wide-eyed.

“And it’s big enough for two!”
