---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'The Window Worker 2: Noike''s Pet'
authors:
- Rubberwolf
tags:
- F-f
- F-m
- M-f
- display
- bond
- collar
- costume
- corset
- pet
- mask
- gloves
- canteen
- outdoors
- hum
- insert
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2012-01-13 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Window Worker**](window_worker.html))

**Part 2: Noike's Pet**

Noike led Hannah, or Hana as she now started to pronounce her friends name, by the lead into her apartment over the hall. Once inside Hannah was led over to the kitchen where Noike had some food prepared on the side. Hannah turned on the hob and quickly started to cook a rice dish on the hob.

“Why is this happening? I can understand about work, sort of, but usually even Window Workers must get to go home and carry on as normal. Why am I being treated like this?” Hannah enquired.

Noike continued to cook without turning around and Hannah was about to get up and walk away when her friend answered in a low murmur.

“In Japan the shame of being a Window Worker is felt at home, as well as at work. In order to experience this total degradation, Mr Kosugi believes that this should also be the case for Western Workers. Only in this way can you truly understand how shameful the loss of honour is to us. I want you to succeed and if I can convince Mr Kosugi that you have tried your hardest I am certain that you will impress him enough to shorten your punishment.”

As if coming out of a trance Noike finished the cooking and scooped the contents into two bowls. Rather than taking both bowls with her to the small table in the living room, Noike took one of the bowls to the utility room and laid it next to another dish, filled with water.

Hannah just stared in amazement as her friend returned to the counter, picked up her dish, a glass of water and a set of chopsticks before heading into the living area. Once her friend had left she crawled over to the utility room which, she noted, had been kitted out for an animal to stay. The bowls were obviously for human use, since they came from the same set as Noike had dished her food into. She noted, in the corner, by the washing machine, a large duvet had been bundled while, in the opposite corner, a large plastic tray, lined with paper and soil had been placed. Hannah did not need a degree to know what that was for. Resigned, she sat down and once the meal was cool enough, picked the food up with her fingers and started to place it in her mouth. It was then that she noticed the new shadow in the door. Noike had returned.

“If I am to convince Mr Kosugi that you are serious, you must make every effort to take up your new role, otherwise this could go on for months. You might even fail to convince the management team that you are committed and leave with nothing. In that case everything that you have done today will have merely been to degrade yourself further in everyone’s eyes.”

“I am naked and sitting on the cold floor of your kitchen. I have been paraded naked in front of everybody. What else does he want?” Hana burst out.

“You must embrace the role. Crawl on all fours, beg, and do doggy tricks. You must eat your meals off of the floor and sleep in a dog bed,” Noike continued.

“But it is just us. We are friends. Can you not just speak up for me and say how hard I have tried?”

Noike looked hurt, but continued.

“And if Mr Kosugi asks me, on my honour, if you have tried your hardest? What am I to say then?”

The two women shared a moment’s eye contact before Norika turned and walked back into the living room. Hana considered the other woman’s words for a minute before placing the bowl onto the floor and lowering her face into the food.

Once she had finished she turned to the bowl of water and tried, as she had earlier, to lap up the water with her tongue. Just like her time in the canteen, more water ended up on the floor than in her mouth, but Hannah was nothing if not persistent. Satisfied she crawled into the living room where she found her friend sitting on cushions watching television.

Hannah considered what to do next. What would a dog do she wondered? In the end she simply crawled over to the other woman and, kneeling in front of the other woman, placed her head in Noikes lap. Looking down, Hannahs former assistant began to stroke the naked womans curly hair, before looking back at the television, a slight smile spreading over her face.

At last the evening grew late. Neither woman has spoken. No words where necessary. Noike rose and walked into the kitchen beckoning Hannah to follow, which she did. All of this crawling was playing havoc with her knees, but Hannah hoped that she would not have to become too used to it. The small oriental woman stood holding the Utility room door open. Hannah obediently walked inside before curling up on the duvet. Satisfied Noike closed the door, plunging the small room into darkness before retiring herself.

Hannah spent a restless and uncomfortable night on the floor. She had needed the bathroom once and had struggled to remember where the tray was, but eventually found it, relieving herself and returning to bed. But other than this Hannah spent the night on the hard floor, trying her best to get comfortable on the thin duvet.

At last morning arrived and Noike opened the door. Hannah, despite her predicament, had gained some sleep. However, she was awake when the other woman entered and led her out.

“Why don’t you have a shower and get dressed. It seems to me that if you are going to work in clothes, you should at least have a bit of human comfort before work starts today.”

Hannah simply nodded at the small kindness and headed for the bathroom, taking time to shower and brush her teeth with, Hannah realised, her toothbrush. Noike must have got some of her things before releasing her from the utility room.

Because both women needed to arrive early in order to prepare for Hannah’s coming day, they took the early bus. As had happened previously, the woman in the dog suit was on the bus. Hannah stared at her with a new sense of understanding. They stared at each other for an eternity before Hannah turned away. She spoke little on the journey in. At last, after twenty minutes, the company bus stopped at their complex and both women headed for the canteen.

Unlike yesterday, Hannah quickly got undressed and, after a little shuffling, was soon kneeling on the platform. Noike quickly attacked the collar, chain, straps and gloves. Walking behind Hannah, the other woman picked up the tail and lubricated it with a tube of KY jelly.

“OK, you know what this is and what is going to happen. Are you ready?”

“Yes,” Hannah responded before the other woman placed the rubber plug onto her unresisting bud and gently forced the invader into her ass.

Hannah, or Hana as she would be for the rest of the day squirmed a little before looking over her shoulder at her new tail. Accepting that it was as she remembered it, she stayed still as Noike arranged her hair and added the dog mask. Finally two metal dishes were placed in front of her and taking a bottle of water from the refrigerator by the counter, topped up the water dish. With a final kiss on the head and words of encouragement the new junior production manager strode out of the double doors.

Noike had a busy day ahead of her, but she reported to Mr Kosugi and took part in a team Kaisan meeting. Returning to her office, she was careful to order some supplies from the island store, which she had delivered to her apartment, as well as ordering some supplies for the company and last minute items for Wednesdays mainland shipment.

As the day wore on, Hannah grew uncomfortable, crunched up onto her knees and elbows, her back was killing her. Noikes visit could not come too soon, especially since she needed to use the litter box.

Lunch time came and went and again, after the ritual humiliation, where she was forced to eat scraps, Noike again arrived to give the woman a toilet break.

Once she had visited the toilet and was again back on her stage, chained to her dog house, Noike reached into her pocket and pulled something out before bending down.

“Although Mr Kosugi is impressed with the dedication and commitment that you have shown so far, he feels that you still have not accepted your role as an animal.”

“What are you talking about? I have been wagging my tail and lapping up scraps all day,” the other woman protested.

“And you have just made his point I fear,” Noike stated calmly. “Dogs do not talk. In order to encourage you, Mr Kosugi has asked me to give you this,” the girl stated as she produced a small plastic and wire device as she opened her hand. “It will help you to play your role.”

Hannah stared uncomprehendingly at the strange object.

“Open wide,” Noike asked as she moved towards the other woman.

Confused Hannah complied as the strange device was pushed into her mouth and, after some fiddling, fitted in place. It was a simple plastic band that pushed the tongue down and was held in place as the wire snapped tightly onto her molars. She could open her mouth. She could eat, but it felt tight and restrictive.

“Ot izz ish? Ot am ia u-osed oo oo?” But she already had her answer as she found that she could not make intelligible sounds.

“Mr Kosugi feels that with this device you will not be tempted to talk. You should only make simple barks and yaps.”

Hannah stared mutely at the woman she thought was her friend, but was fast coming to believe was her controller. She dismissed the thought before it started to take route and simply watched as the other woman finished up and then left the canteen.

Time seemed to stretch forever as hundreds of staff filed in for their breaks, occasionally coming over to empty their bowls into hers, or to offer her a treat. She dutifully barked, whined and wagged her tail until; at last, Noike came to take her home. She dressed quickly and, even though the strange mouth piece had been removed, the two women returned to Noikes apartment in silence.

A large box, was waiting outside of Noikes apartment door as the two women walked back. Noike ushered Hannah into the apartment and asked her to get ready in the bathroom while she pulled the large box inside and shut the door.

Getting it into the living room was difficult, but not impossible. At last Noike was happy and, taking a knife from the kitchen, quickly unpacked the contents.

Hannah crawled into the room some minutes later to see the large, empty box in the centre and Noike waiting for her. Was that excitement she saw in the other woman? No, it couldn’t be.

“I have a present for you,” she said as she shooed the woman into the utility room.

A new dog bed had been set up, as well as a large plastic litter tray, complete with absorbent grains. Three new ceramic dishes were also waiting for her. One was filled with water, but the other two were empty. These she presumed, were for food.

Hannah simply stared at the smaller woman, trying to decide if she was serious or not. However, after a moment, she decided not to argue and simply crawled over and tried out her new bed. She had to admit that it was quite comfortable.

Norike quickly changed out of the mouse grey work suit and, after a shower, quickly wrapped herself in a short Kimono before returning to begin cooking supper.

Noike busied herself in the kitchen, preparing something with fish. At last she poured the food into a couple of bowls before turning to one of the kitchen cupboards and taking out a bag of dry dog food.

“I am sorry. I tried to argue with Mr Kosugi, but he insisted,” Noike apologised as she poured the dry, brown pellets into one of the bowls.

Hannah stared with distaste at her evening meal. She was even more revolted as Noike opened a tin of wet dog food and upended the tin into her other bowl.

“You have got to be fucking kidding,” she fumed. “I am not eating that muck. Who the hell does this prick think he is? Who the hell does he think I am?” she fumed.

“I see that, despite trying my best to help you, you choose to be difficult and ignore the advice I have given you. You do not make it easy for me,” she snapped bitterly.

With that Noike stormed out, returning some moments later and taking hold of Hannah’s jaw, deftly fitted the mouthpiece that she had produced earlier. Shocked, she simply stared after the small woman as she stormed out of the room, leaving Hannah agape at the sudden outburst. After an eternity, Hannah stared down at the sickening contents of her food bowl. Could she do this? Should she? Guilt rolled over her and slowly, trying her best not to smell or look at the food bowl, she lowered her head.

Hannah opened her mouth and nearly gagged. How could this happen to her? She did not know and she stopped thinking about it as she lowered her head further, all thought now focused on the thick chunks of meat and gravy. The smell was overpowering, opening her mouth made it worse, but she had to do it. Her friend was trying so hard and she had to do the same. It was either play this strange game to its outcome, or lose everything. With a final spurt of resolution, before she lost her nerve, she lowered her face into the mix and took a bite, her face puckering up into a grimace as she slowly chewed her food. Swallowing, she lowered her face again and took another bite, before she lost her nerve. After a couple of bites, she slurped some water before trying some of the dry.

The dry food crunched noisily and although it had a vaguely meaty taste, Hannah found that she could eat this with less revulsion than the wet. Even so, she must show Mr bloody Kosugi and, more importantly, her friend, that she could do this and so, reluctantly, while trying her best not to be sick, she worked her way through the cold, wet, stuff. At last, she had eaten all of the wet and, as much of the dry as she could, before slurping down some water and making her way to the living room.

Noike was sitting by the table slowly eating her food as Hannah approached. On a whim, Hannah nuzzled the other woman with her nose before sitting back on her hind legs, assuming the classic begging position and letting out her best doggy whine.

Noike turned and smiled.

“Good girl. Did you enjoy that? Did you? Here, you want a treat?”

Noike used her chop sticks to find a piece of chicken which she tossed at the naked woman who, to the amazement of both, caught it in her mouth, before chewing and giving a loud “Woof”.

“Good girl,” Noike said as she patted Hannah on the head and firmly guided her down onto her lap so that she could stroke her pet while watching television.

Absently Noike stroked the body of her pet with her left hand, while resting her other hand upon Hannah’s head. As her hands continued to caress the naked woman an idea sprung into her mind.

“On the first day, when I prepared you, your body seemed to be enjoying itself. I wonder if, despite or because of everything that has happened, your body still craves the humiliation?”

As she talked her hand had moved down her friend's body, over her ass and, with a little lean of her body, her hand snaked its way down towards Hannah’s most sensitive region. Hannah tensed, already knowing what the other woman would find as her hand travelled ever southward and tried to sit up and pull away, but a strong hand moved from stroking her hair to firmly pinning her shoulders, commanding with gentle force, that she stay where she was.

Hannah bit her lip as she buried her head in her friends lap as she felt soft fingers tracing the crack in her ass downwards with a steady inevitability. When Noike’s fingers eventually found Hannah’s hot, wet sex, the nude woman let out the breath that she had been holding with a soft gasp. The gasps became shallow breathing that matched the gentle downward and upward movement of the soft warm fingers that rubbed up and down on her sopping pussy, teasing her clit into rigid attention as the gentlest touch found its mark, eliciting a soft panting sound from the face buried tightly in her friends lap. At last, she could resist no longer and the orgasm that had been building, if she admitted it, all day at last burst, like a flood of emotion and electricity, rocking her body in a mind shattering eruption that caused her to buck and scream violently, before sagging back into Noike warm embrace.

Hannah spent a comfortable evening in her utility room before being let out by Noike, given more dog food for breakfast which, strangely, Hannah ate without complaint, almost seeming to enjoy her food. Allowed to dress they both walked in silence for the bus. Hannah had no choice in this, as she still had the mouthpiece securing her tongue. Strangely, she had not taken it out of her mouth since Noike had forced it there yesterday evening.

\* \* \* \*

Noike sat in her office as her new assistant bought her the post, which she opened and quickly read through. She was just about to return to her PC when her assistant bought in another item. A box. It was Wednesday and the supply ship had arrived from the mainland.

Hannah had spent an uncomfortable day naked in the canteen wearing her dog paraphernalia. But strangely, perhaps because of last night, or perhaps because of the girl on the bus, Hannah had enjoyed every humiliating minute of her day bound and tied to be mocked by her former work mates. She did not know if she could again look them in the eyes and manage them as she had before. Perhaps she could, but at this moment it was another world away.

The late shift had started to wander into the canteen and she started to recognise familiar faces who had given her scraps or scratched her ear jokingly. It was getting late. Finally the shift bell sounded and shortly after Noike bustled into the canteen carrying a cardboard box.
Noike set the box down in front of Hannah before busily unstrapping her and removing her collar, chain and mask. Hannah looked at the box and Noike following her eyes answered the question that was obviously on her mind.

“It is a gift from Mr Kosugi. You are to wear this when you are not working.”

As Hannah stood and stretched, getting ready, or so she thought, to wear her uniform. She was surprised therefore, when Noike did not produce her mouse grey garments, but instead held up a corset, or more accurately, a waist cincher in a burnt orange colour. It was rear lacing, with steel front fastening and, she could make out that the foot tall garment was heavily layered with steel boning.

Without elaborating further Noike quickly wrapped the garment around Hannah’s already thin waist before doing up the front fastening. Hannah was puzzled by this turn of events and a few days ago she might have questioned the woman’s actions, even with the tongue guard fitted. But now, after days of learning to obey and being treated to the view from the bottom of the pecking order, she allowed herself to be led over to the nearest table where Noike bid her grab the back of a chair with both hands. She then saw her friend disappear behind her.

Hannah felt gentle tugging behind her as the shorter woman began to tighten the laces, working from top to bottom and then bottom to top, before repeating the process. After a short time the tugging became more insistent.

“Grab the chair more firmly and bend over a little to give me some leverage.”

Hannah complied and, as the laces grew tighter, both women grunted until, standing on a chair and placing her knee in the small of the taller women’s back for leverage, Noike was eventually satisfied that the laces were as tight as possible, before tying them off in a double bow. A flap was then folded over the laces, sticking firmly to a Velcro strip on the other side of the laces, which had been pulled tight enough to cause Hannah to gasp and pant in short, staccato breaths, effectively hiding the tight chords from view and giving a seamless appearance to the restrictive fashion statement which straightened the woman’s back, crushing her figure into a tight hour glass figure, two sized smaller than her normal waist measurement.

“Sit down Hannah,” the smaller woman commanded.

Hannah complied and Noike returned to the box, pulling out a bundle of straps which she attached to the confused woman’s upper thighs above the knee. Bending her leg until her foot touched her ass.

Taking the straps attached to her thighs she secured Hannahs legs and ankles until she could not unbend her leg. Noike quickly repeated the procedure so that Hannah could only lie with her legs bent or, if she chose, kneel in place. Hannah stayed where she had been left until Noike returned with a strange garment, made from short, red brown material, similar to her own copper tones.

Without ceremony Noike began to pull the garment on to the prone woman, rolling it up her knees, over her ass and along her body, pulling each arm through the long sleeves, before continuing up so that the built in hood stretched easily over her shoulders and fell in place around her neck. However, rather than pulling the hood over here head, she left it loosely encircling her neck. Her new suit hugged her tightly and, Hannah realised, must be made from lycra, or a similar material. This was not the glossy lycra that Hannah remembered from gym class, but was covered in a short fur like outer layer. However, unlike many leotards that Hannah remembered from gym class, this costume had holes designed into it to allow for her ass and pussy to remain exposed and for her bare breasts to remain on lewdly displayed for all to see. Also, curiously, the calves were made of stronger material, with padding on the knees, which ended in a strange padded dog paw.

Noike took a pair of gloves, not as large as the boxing style glove she had worn all day, be that bunched her hand into a fist and was securely laced in place, none the less. Hannah was not sure if she wanted to laugh or cry at her continued captivity. Instead she sat there quietly while Noike continued with her transformation.

Next Noike quickly fitted an orange hewed dog mask, similar to the one she had worn all day, before pulling the hood over her head, hiding the straps of the mask so that it appeared that the mask was not attached but a part of the woman.

The hood of the garment also had holes in it. Since Hannah’s hair was already styled into floppy dog ears Noike simply pulled these through the holes above her own ears, enhancing the impression that she did, in fact, own a pair of floppy ears.

The next item out of the box was a tail, which to Hannah’s relief, was not pushed up her rear, but was in fact fed through a hole in the garment and screwed into place in a small metal plate at the bottom of the corset. This gave the impression of a proper tail. Like the last tail she had sported it was flexible and bendy and, like everything else, matched the copper colour of the costume.

As Noike reached into the box for the final item, Noike issued a definite command.

“Sit.”

Hannah complied without thinking, adopting a kneeling position and straightening her arms so that her front paws rested on the ground before her.

“Good girl. Look what I have got for you. Aren’t you a good doggy?”

Hannah was not sure what to say to this, but she had given up trying to question anything her mistress said to her. That one thought brought her up short, as she had actually thought of Noike, not as her friend, or her assistant, or even her manager. She had thought of her as her mistress. Her owner. Then again she considered the butterflies in her stomach and the sensations coming from her damp pussy were more than enough to convince her that she was actually excited by the thought and, in response to the question, Hannah let out an excited “Arf,” while shuffling her butt in an attempt to wag her tail.

In response Noike produced a beautifully crafted deep green leather collar, with short steel spikes around the circumference and circular dog tag. Unlike the cheap, machine pressed, bone tag that she had worn so far, this was made from a machined silver metal, with her name “Hana” clearly written in a raised Japanese calligraphy. On the back of the licence where the words:

“Property of Noike Jorai,” followed by a telephone number.

A shiver ran down her body as, having shown her these details, Noike placed the collar around her pets neck and attached an equally beautifully crafted leather lead to the collar.

Placing Hannah’s work uniform into the box, she pushed the box into the back of the kennel before picking up the lead and tugging gently as she walked her pet out of the canteen.

Hannah tried to adjust to walking on her hands and knees, while Noike walked slowly enough for her to learn. However, Noike’s pet adjusted remarkably quickly and was soon able to crawl quickly after her oriental keeper. The stairs out of the building presented something of a challenge, but she managed these eventually, walking down in tentative, well considered steps, while staying close to Noikes heel.

Hannah sat patiently at the bus stop, waiting for the bus with her mistress. As she had expected, most of the passengers actively ignored her, although a few complemented Noike on her fine animal, asking her name and how long she had owned her. One or two even petted her on the head.

Hana, as she began to think of herself, sat obediently in the aisle, next to her mistress, as the bus made its way back towards their apartment. However, Hana was surprised when, rather than the eighth stop, Noike tugged her lead and got up at the sixth. But Hannah was beyond questioning and simply followed as she was led off of the bus.

They were at the shops, a small collection of boutiques and essential stores. There was also, Hana discovered, a Vets.

Noike walked the nervous Hana with her up to the reception desk.

“Hello,” Noike said as she greeted the receptionist. “I am Miss Jurai. I have brought my bitch Hana for an appointment. I telephoned earlier."

After consulting her computer, the receptionist quickly checked the bookings before returning her attention to the young woman.

“Ah yes, Miss Juai San. Dr Kenda is expecting you. If you would take a seat in the waiting area he will see you shortly.”

Pulling Hana with her, Noike took a seat and read a magazine while an increasingly nervous Hana sat at her feet. She did not know why but she began to whine while looking up at Noike. In response Noike simply patted her head and began to stroke her ear/hair absently as she read.

Other pet owners were waiting, occasionally getting up and taking their pets with them. There were a collection of traditional pets but, across the room sitting just as quietly, watching her was a human dog. Judging by the large phallus sticking up from the floor where he sat, a very male dog who was very pleased to see her.

Returning his gaze Hana look in the strong muscled form of the man underneath the brown and white spotted dog suit. He wore a black leather collar and looked oriental. In any event he gave a short bark and tried to tug at the lead, getting up to wag his tail and yap at her. This earned him a sharp slap on the head from his mistress.

“Down Butch. Sit,” the woman said as she pulled on the lead.

Butch sat reluctantly, but continued to keep a tight hold as he sat, waggling his bum and staring at her excitedly. Hana did not know whether to laugh or cry as she noted that his tongue was lolling out of his mouth and he was drooling on the floor.

Finally her name was called and she was led into the waiting room, where the doctor made a fuss of her before talking to Noike.

“This is her first time isn’t it? You wanted the standard package?”

Noike nodded affirmation and so, with the help of a nurse, all three of them lifted Hana onto the table, still on all fours. Hana had become very nervous and had started to shake with fear as Noike tried to comfort her. Suddenly she felt a sharp prick at the base of her neck and a needle pushed into the flap of skin. She tried to pull away, crying out in pain, but Noike and the nurse both held her firmly while the doctor gave her two more injections. One in each arm, just below the shoulder.

“There you go, all done,” the doctor soothed as Hana was lifted up and place back on the floor.

Hana stood trembling. She was not sure what this was, but it had gone beyond the role of window worker. This was getting very serious and very weird.

“The three shots that I have given her come with the standard package. The first is an identification chip,” which he demonstrated when he ran a hand held reader over the back of her neck and Hana’s details appeared upon the small screen. “The second is a slow release anti-coagulant. This will thin the blood and prevent blood clots from forming, allowing you to keep her legs strapped up for long periods. I recommend that you undo the straps and massage the limbs once per day, perhaps giving her half an hour or so before rebinding her legs. The other implant is a slow release contraceptive. You should renew the blood thinner every three months, but the contraceptive will last for seven years. You will have to return in order to have It removed, should you wish to breed your pet. But other than that if you return in six months we can see how she is doing. But from my initial examination she looks healthy enough.”

With that Noike led a confused and concerned Hana out of the room, stopping to pay the receptionist before leaving the surgery. Walking to the corner shop, Noike tied Hana outside before heading indoors.

Hana considered her options. She should just untie herself, find a quiet corner to bite through the gloves and get out of this costume. She could then go to her old apartment to change and pack and get on the first boat off of this island and get a new job, any job, back home. But she didn’t. She sat turning over her options and what this latest assault meant to her. Before she could decide anything Noike returned with a bag full of shopping and untied her lead.

They walked back through the park and, to Hana’s surprise, Noike bent down and unclipped her lead.

“There you are girl, go and run for a bit. You could save me an unpleasant job cleaning out your box as well if you want.”

Hana did not have to be asked twice as she crawled as fast as she could into onto the lush grass and Noike took advantage of a park bench to sit down and watch her. She could run, but Noike would quickly catch her. And then what? Hana didn’t know. She did know that she had not been to the toilet since she had been given a break in the mid afternoon and one thing that the corset did was to squish her insides very, very tightly.

Hana selected a piece of grass behind a tree that offered some measure of privacy before squatting down and releasing her bladder.

“In for a penny, in for a pound,” thought the young woman as the flow of pee slowed to a stop and the foul puddle was absorbed into the earth.

Looking around, to make sure she was not being observed, Hana moved to a fresh position before squatting again and straining. She was rewarded as a large turd began to ease out of her ass, coiling on the ground beneath her like a stinking snake. Hana crawled away and did her best to shake the loose shit from her ass.

“Good girl. Who’s a clever girl then?” Noike asked.

As if Noike had been waiting she appeared with a wet wipe that she used to clean the girls ass. She then pulled a small plastic bag from her purse, walked over to the tree and used it to pick up the pile that Hana had just left. Retuning she picked up the tissue wipe and put this in the bag, which she carried over to a bin by the path and disposed of.

Hana watched this for a few moments before turning and exploring a bit more of the park. After a while Hana heard Noike talking and ambled back to see her talking quietly to the woman who she had seen in the vet. Sure enough, close by and ambling towards her at an enthusiastic pace was Butch. Hana tried to turn away, but Butch had obviously been doing this for longer than her and easily caught up with her, cornering her by some bushes.

Butch greeted her by licking her face enthusiastically, before moving around her and sniffing her ass. Hana was not too happy about this and so turned around so that Butch had to follow her around. He was nothing, if not persistent and soon the strange man dog had buried his nose in her pussy which, she noticed with dismay, was wet again. “God,” she thought, “She was such a slut”.

As if to confirm this, with a loud snuffling noise, Butch pulled back, replacing his nose with his long tongue. Hana should have pulled away, or sat down, but instead, she was already dripping wet and so, her mind beginning to cloud, she stood there while Butch performed a very special kind of welcome with a very skilled tongue.

Hana’s body began to react and soon she was a quivering mess of hormones as an orgasm began to quickly build within her and her breath came in short, desperate pants as Butches tongue ran up and down her sex, teasing her clit with delicate flicks.

Noike’s pet was building towards an orgasm, pressure building within her as the humiliation of the public display, watched by both animal owners, brought her lust towards its climax. But, just as she neared release, Butch pulled back, much to Hana’s frustration, which she vented in a loud bark.

Accepting the invitation, Butch reared up and Hana felt his weight on her back, as strong arms wrapped around her waist and she felt his erect manhood, or rather doghood, poking into her rear.

A few weeks ago, a different Hannah, a professional business woman with designs to rise within the company, would have laughed at the idea of what was happening to her now. She might have run screaming and reported this man to the authorities. But this Hana, had changed. Although she wore a leash and spent most of her day tied in a ridiculous sexual parody of a dog, for all of her former employees’ amusement, she was actually free to do what she wanted. She no longer had any embarrassment about her body. Being displayed for weeks on end will do that. She could take a dump in the park and nobody would bat an eye lid and now, she discovered, she could fuck a complete stranger, in the park, and nobody would stop her, arrest her or even notice her. She didn’t even have to think about paying rent, or making ends meet, or anything that had occupied her mind for as long as she could remember. She could just be. And so, rather than resisting, or trying to pull away, as soon as Butch’s dick found it’s mark, Hana pushed backwards, allowing him to penetrate her with some force.

Unlike a human lover, or at least a considerate one, Butch didn’t have to make her feel anything, he simply took her. He took her hard and fast, his hips pumping and slapping her thighs with considerable force as his arms wrapped tightly around her. All too quickly, her orgasm burst over her, sending spasms through her entire body. As if he had been waiting, Butch gave a low growl as his dick twitched inside her, closely followed by a feeling of a damp, sticky splat inside of her. Butch continued to pump as Hana’s muscles clenched around his shaft, milking him for every ounce of seed. Finally spent, the lovers collapsed onto the grass as Hana tried to control her breathing and her mate spooned her in the open. At last, Butch got up and, walking around her, began to lap their mingled juices from her pussy. Hana bent her body and returned the favour, cleaning his dick until all of their cum was cleaned and her mouth tasted of recent sex. This, combined with his wonderful tongue, almost without warning, brought her to a second, shuddering climax, leaving her a panting, collapsed pile on the lawn.

All too soon she saw her mistress, walking with Butches owner, towards them. She was too spent to resist as her lead was clipped to her collar and she was led reluctantly away from her very smug looking lover.

She was such a slut. She had just had sex with a complete stranger, in front of everyone, in the park. She tried to be ashamed. She tried to beat herself with her old morals, but she could not. She really was free, she discovered, and she liked it.

The following weeks saw Hana settle into her new life. Noike became friends with Butches mistress and the two women visited each other’s apartments, following a run in the park after work, much to Hana and Butches mutual delight.

Some weeks later, after a morning in the canteen where the novelty had finally worn off and the diners ate their lunch with only the occasional glance at their pet, Noike arrived to untie Hana. However, instead of taking her to the toilet, Noike led Hana to the staff changing rooms, where she was given her old uniform to put on.

“Mr Kosugi wishes to see you in his office Hannah San,” Noike said.

Hannah was taken aback. She had all but forgotten about Mr Kosugi. Also, Noike had used San when addressing her. Honourable is not a title you use on a pet and, she now realised, with some reluctance, Hana changed into her old, if freshly laundered, clothes. She brushed her hair and applied make up before making her way up to Mr Kosugi’s office.

Mr Kosugi greeted her warmly, inviting her into his office and offering her a seat. He then congratulated her on her efforts to embrace her role as a window worker, stating that she was a true credit to the company.

“Unfortunately, the economy has taken a turn for the worse. We had hoped that this was only a temporary glitch and we would be able to offer you a return to your old job. But things have not improved and we are left with many difficult choices. One of which regards trimming our work force. Unfortunately we have to make sacrifices and I regret that we can no longer hold your position open for you. Please accept our sincerest apologies in this matter, made all the more bitter from the epic efforts that you have made. If there were a way that you could remain on the island until a suitable position became available, we would do so, but we must re-allocate your apartment. Rest assured that you will receive a generous reference, with a small bonus to help you set up in your new job. I can only wish you luck in your future career and apologise for this regrettable turn of events”.

Hannah shuffled out of the office in a daze even worse than the one which had clouded her thoughts the last time she had walked out of Mr Kosugi’s door. All of her hard work, the sacrifices that she had made and the ridicule that she had suffered were a waste of time. She did not know what she would do and so, as if on autopilot, she caught the next bus back to her apartment and, almost immediately, took out her suitcases and began to pack as tears began to flow freely down her cheeks.

A knock at the door brought her out of her stupor and, looking sadly at her few possessions, she shuffled towards the door and opened it to find Noike. This was no surprise since, like most secrets in such a small community, if everybody did not know her fate now, they would before the end of the day. But what shocked her the most was what the young woman was holding up in front of her; Hana’s green dog collar and lead.

The two women stared at each other wordlessly as emotions and promises were exchanged as they held each other’s gaze. And then, as if compelled by an unseen force, Hanna’s hands reached up and unbuttoned her top. Once naked, she knelt on all fours and allowed Noike to place the collar around her neck and lead her from the apartment.

The following day, Noike travelled with her new pet to work, but instead of going to the kitchen, Noike led Hana to her old office, where a new dog bed, food, water dish and litter tray had been set up. Hana span in circles on her new bed before dropping down in a contented heap. Throughout the day Hana dutifully greeted people who arrived for meetings with her mistress, although she did growl at one worker who had been particularly mean to her when she had been a window worker.

The last meeting of the evening was with the senior managers and Hana waited patiently in her office while Noike headed off to the board room.

“So how are you getting on with your new pet Jurai San?” Mr Kosugi asked.

“Very well, she is everything that I could have hoped for and more.”

“Well you have earned it. The three percent rise in profits last year was the result of a great deal of inspiration and hard work. Tanaka Corp believes in rewarding its loyal employees. So”, Mr Kosugi continued, “When are you going to move back into your old office? It has a lot more space than the junior managers’ room that you have at the moment?”

“Not too quickly, probably in the spring when I have to go to head office for the general meeting. After all, I do not want to raise Hana’s suspicion. My meteoric rise to power cannot be too meteoric. She still believes that I am only 23, rather than the same age as her and still quite junior in the company.”

Looking around the room, Hannah would have recognised a few of the senior managers from the company bulletin board, as well Butches owner and the owner of the girl on the bus.

“So, moving on,” Mr Kosugi urged, turning to another member of the team, “Mr Yamato San, following your outstanding efforts last year and your successful handling of the recent merger, the board has decided that you too should be rewarded. So, have to considered what sort of pet you would like?”

“I would like, with your approval of course Mr Kosugi San, a ponygirl,” the executive stated. “Preferably black, although a blond European would be my second choice.”

The senior managers considered this for several moments before Mr Kosugi spoke again.

“Very well Mr Yamato San. I will have Human Resources scour their files of our African and European employees for a suitable candidate. I must say that the psychometric testing that we insisted on for all employees has enabled us to pick willing recruits much quicker than we could have ever expected and I must say that if the current converts are a testament to their effectiveness, I am quite hopeful that we will quickly procure a suitable pony for you Mr Yamato San,” Mr Kosugi continued to the accompanying nods of the rest of the board.

The End.
