---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/invitation2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Invitation 2: Second Invitation'
authors:
- Scarecrow
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- scarves
- cuffs
- rope
- leather
- hood
- swing
- susp
- sex
- oral
- con
- X
date: 2002-05-01 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Invitation**](invitation.html))

**Part 2: Second Invitation**

The
next few days left Nick in a turmoil. His mind kept returning to the events
of the previous Saturday when the mysterious "J" had ensnared him and,
as she had promised, given him an adventure to fulfill his wildest fantasies.
Every evening he rushed home to check his mailbox for another invitation
but, each time, he was disappointed.

The
week passed, and then the next. Nick had driven past J's house a couple
of times but her admonition not to try and contact  her kept him from
stopping. One thing he did do was to surreptitiously try and look over
the women who used the gym whilst he was exercising. "D" one of the women
who had ridden him that Saturday afternoon had recognised him and commented
that she had wanted to get her hands on him. "J" herself seemed to know
that he worked out regularly. Frustratingly, although there were many women
using the gym, he could never feel with any certainty that he recognised
a voice - which was all he had to go on.

By
the end of the third week Nick felt he was ready to go out his mind with
uncertainty and frustration. "Why hadn't "J" contacted him?" "Was he ever
going to be invited back for another adventure?" "Had he blown his chances
by driving past the house?" The questions swirled though his mind like
autumn leaves. Then on Tuesday there was another unmarked envelope waiting
in his letter box. He tore the envelope open in a fever of anticipation.
Inside was the same type of pink card and written on it "Thought I had
forgotten about you?" "Is that all!" screamed Nick out loud. At least she
had made some sort of contact, although it didn't tell him anything new.
"J" was very very good at mind games Nick concluded. Even though he felt
he knew what she was doing to him, he had to admit that it was effective.
Once again his erection rose at the memory of that Saturday he had spent
bound, gagged and blindfolded as the plaything of "J" and her friends.

The
next evening there was another envelope with another card. The message
was simple "Be at my house at 10-o-clock on Saturday morning, if you dare!
Expect some more surprises." The words sent a chill down Nick's spine.
Once again fear and anticipation raged through his mind. The long awaited
invitation had arrived but with a warning. "If you dare!" "Expect some
more surprises!" Was he again going to be the plaything for a group of
voracious females? What other plans would she have for him? He remembered
something that "J" had said the last time "Ok girls, what will it be? Spreadeagle,
Suspension or The Frog?" One of the other women had replied that "The Frog"
was a bit harsh for a first time. Was he going to find out just how harsh
"The Frog" was? "One thing was for sure" Nick thought "come 10-o-clock
on Saturday I will be at J's house. Of that there is no doubt."

The
next two days dragged slowly past for Nick. He found he could hardly concentrate
on his work. Finally Saturday arrived. At the appointed time Nick made
his way up the path to J's front door. There was no card to invite him
in but the door opened when he turned the handle.. The hallway was furnished
as before with only a small table and a straight-backed chair. Again
a
black silk scarf lay on the table with a pink card resting on it. The only
difference was that, this time, a pair of handcuffs also lay on the scarf.
Nick paused when he saw the handcuffs and then slowly picked up the card.
The message read "I'm pleased you have decided to return. Good boy. Now
you know the drill, strip completely, blindfold yourself and then cuff
your hands behind your back. Sit on the chair and wait for me."

Fear
rose in Nick's stomach. This was far more than he had been asked to do
last time. Yes, he knew that J had stripped and cuffed him but somehow
that was different. Now he was being asked... instructed to put himself
completely at her mercy. What-ever happened, he wouldn't be able to say
"But I had no choice, I was helpless." Yes he would be helpless - but at
his own volition. Nick slowly put the card down. Almost of their own his
hands started undoing his shirt buttons, his belt buckle, his fly. He sat
on the chair and took off his shoes and socks. Finally his boxers joined
the pile of clothing folded neatly on the table. As he dropped the boxers
on the pile, Nick heard a brief buzz and a click from the front door. Without
thinking he tried the handle, but the door was now locked. By stripping
completely naked he had passed the point of no return. The locked door
was J's way of letting him know that. Nick tested the other door. Without
surprise he discovered that that too was locked.

Nick
stood, naked, in the small hallway that had suddenly become a cell. Both
doors looked very solid, the only window was high above the chair and far
too small for him to get through, and besides, it was barred. The realisation
that there was no way to go but to obey instructions somehow settled his
nerves. Once again he approached the table and picked up the scarf and
the handcuffs. The thought of making himself helpless for J made his already
erect cock throb even harder. "Strange." he thought "Even though I got
a real fright Old Freddy didn't drop at all. I must be crazy. Anyway, if
I'm going to do this I'd better do it right." He examined the handcuffs.
They were a good quality chromed steel with a single chain link connecting
them. Once they were locked on they wouldn't come off without the appropriate
key.

The
scarf was the same one he had blindfolded himself with the last time, made
from a heavy, closely woven silk. Nick knew that a couple of thicknesses
would block all light from his eyes. He sat down and folded the scarf into
a fairly wide band and then tied it over his eyes. He moved his head around
to ensure that no light came through and then retied the knot a bit tighter.
Blindly he felt for, and found the handcuffs. One bracelet easily locked
around his right wrist. He brought his hands together behind his back and
found the other cuff. "Here goes nothing." Nick thought as his left wrist
was encircled and the bracelet ratcheted closed.

Immediately
the fear again rose in Nick. He was sitting stark naked in somebody's hallway
blindfolded and with his hands cuffed behind his back. The thought made
his already straining penis even harder.

"Took
your time didn't you." Nick hadn't heard J enter the hallway until her
whisper jerked him out of his reverie.

"This
is bloody scary you know." he replied

"Yes,
you are very brave...or foolish...or both." she chuckled. "Open wide, you
know what comes next. I didn't invite you here for conversation... yet."
Nick felt a ball pressed against his lips and reluctantly opened his mouth
to let himself be gagged. The straps were buckled behind his head and he
gave a grunt. "Right. Now for the hood." More silky material covered his
head and was tied around his neck. "I've got something else for you. You
can't admire it but it is a beautiful collar. Just right for my pet." Nick
felt something fastened around his neck over the hood material. There was
a faint click. "It's locked on now and it's got a lovely lead. Follow me
darling." Nick felt a tug and rose to his feet. At least he wasn't going
to be left sitting in the hallway until J's friends arrived to torment
him, he thought. As if reading his mind he heard J say "It'll just be the
two of us today. I enjoyed you so much the last time that I decided to
have you all to myself. You should feel flattered." 
A
grunt was all the reply Nick could give.

"Don't
think it is going to be any easier for you with just me here. I'm going
to show you the ropes, in a manner of speaking. After all, you won't be
seeing anything, but you'll get the idea. After today we'll both have a
pretty good idea of where this is going and whether we want to continue
to explore the relationship." "Relationship?" thought Nick "What kind of
a relationship is this with me spending all my time tied up blindfolded
and gagged?" Again, J seemed to read his mind, "Oh it can be a relationship.
Just an unusual one."

"First
things first." she continued. "The thought of having you all to myself
for the weekend has made me feel very horny." Nick gave a grunt at the
words "... for the weekend..." He hadn't thought he would be here that
long and jerked backwards in alarm. "What's the matter darling? Didn't
I tell you that this would be a longer stay? I guess that must be one of
the surprises I warned you about." J's throaty chuckle had a malicious
edge to it that sent Nick's pulse racing. "Anyway, as I was saying, I'm
feeling rather horny and I'm going to do something about that. I might
even let Freddy come to the party." He felt her hand close around his cock
and sensuously stroke up and down a couple of times.

Just
before Nick felt that he was ready to cum J removed her hand. "Tut, tut.
Premature ejaculation is most unbecoming of a gentleman, you know Nick.
We'll have to do something about that." Nick moaned with frustration. He
got the impression that J knew exactly what she was doing. She knew just
how to keep him continually off balance. "Now darling just sit here."
He
felt something behind his legs, a hand on his chest forced him back until
he had to sit down. The pressure continued until Nick was lying back on,
what felt like, a bed. The lead was pulled past his head and tightened
and then he felt straps fastened around his ankles. "There you are. I'll
explain quickly." J's voice had an edge of excitement. "You're lying on
my bed. Your ankles are strapped to the foot and your lead has been tied
to the head. As you already know, since you did it yourself, your hands
are cuffed behind you and are quite useless and you are gagged, blindfolded
and hooded. In fact you are absolutely helpless, wouldn't you agree? Now
I can do anything I want with you ... and I'm going to. Let's get Freddie
ready, shall we?"

Nick
felt a thin band tighten around the base of his penis and then another
one at the top, just below the glans. "These each have a little bead that
presses against the urethra and stops you ejaculating." he heard J say.
"Now isn't that kind of me to make sure you behave like a gentleman?" Nick's
grunt was pure frustration. "A condom and then I'm ready to ride."
Suiting
the actions to the words he felt J engulf him and then slowly start to
raise and lower herself on his swollen prick. He felt her increase the
tempo, one hand on his chest to balance herself. The other hand must have
been busy with her clit because he could feel it when she came down on
him. The frustration was exquisite, listening to her breathing quicken,
feeling her muscles tighten, hearing her start to moan and then scream
out loud as she came, whilst the little bands and their beads stopped him
from doing the same. She flopped onto his chest and kissed his neck and
shoulder still keeping his erection trapped in her pussy. "Oh thank you
darling, I really needed that. Now, would you like a chance to work off
some of that frustration?"

Nick
grunted and nodded his head enthusiastically. "Yes I'm sure you would.
But you were a naughty boy. You tried to open the doors, and you took far
too long to get ready for me. You will have to learn some patience, my
dear. And what better time than the present." Nick felt the condom, and
then the penis bands being removed. "Just stay there and don't get into
any mischief." Nick moaned in disbelief and frustration. "Any more noise
and I won't let you cum at all." He heard her say sharply. The threat was
enough to silence him.

"Actually,
I suppose I had better make you a bit more comfortable. I guess those handcuffs
are digging into you a bit, hey?" Nick grunted an affirmative. "Ok, don't
go away, I'll see what I can do." Nick heard her move out of the room.
He lay still with his thoughts whirling. On the one hand he had to admit
that he was thoroughly enjoying himself. He had often fantasized about
being held captive by a sexy woman and his dreams were being completely
fulfilled. On the other hand it was very scary to be treated so impersonally
and to have, literally, no say in what happened. He had to admit that the
very scariness of the situation added to his excitement. Finally, there
was nothing he could do so, as the old cliche put it, he might as well
lie back and enjoy it. He really did wish she would let him cum though.
He felt as if his balls were going to explode.

J's
return interrupted his thoughts. "Ok then, let's get you sorted out." Nick
felt something fastened around his left ankle followed by the same happening
to the right. The strap holding his right leg to the foot of the bed was
then released and, before he could react, pulled across and attached somehow
to the left leg. "What I've done" he heard her say "is to put locking leather
ankle cuffs around your legs and then locked them together with another
padlock. Now let's do something about your knees." Nick felt straps encircling
both legs above and below his knees, pulling his legs tightly together.
"These don't lock, but I don't think you'll get very far, even if you could
undo the buckles. Now for your arms. Sit up please." Nick tried but was
still held by the leash attached to the head of the bed. "Oh silly me."
she giggled "I forgot about your leash."

Nick
felt the leash loosened and then he was pulled up into a sitting position.
He felt very relieved to no longer be lying on his arms. He felt himself
being pulled further forward and downwards until this chest rested on his
thighs. "I've tied the leash to the end of the bed whilst I finish you
off" J said. Cuffs were placed around his arms above the elbows and then
drawn towards each other. "Those are also locking cuffs." He heard "And
there is a chain between them to hold your elbows in a bit of tension.
Not too uncomfortable I hope." Nick grunted "Well it doesn't matter because
it's locked on now and the keys aren't here so it isn't coming off. Now
for your hands. I've got something special to stop those naughty little
fingers from trying to do something they shouldn't."

Nick
felt his hands slid into something. It felt as if there was a stiff piece
of leather between his hands and that they were encased in some kind of
leather mittens. The mittens confined his hands into balls so he couldn't
even stretch them out. He then felt straps tightened around his wrists
before the steel handcuffs were removed. He tested his bonds and found
that, with the chain between his elbows and the mittens on his hands he
was even more helpless than before. His erection, which had gone down after
J removed the penis bands with their beads, started to rise again as his
predicament struck home again. "Now then" she said. "Let's get you a bit
more comfortable." The last strap holding his left leg to the foot of the
bed was released as was the leash.. "Roll onto your side on the bed" was
the instruction. After he had done so she pushed a pillow under his head
to give it some support and then pulled his legs into a loose hogtie before
fastening them to his wrists. Finally he felt the leash pulled back and
attached to the head of the bed. "That should stop you from wandering."
he heard. Nick could only agree.

"All
that effort has made me hungry. I think I'll have a snack, whilst you think
about what I said about learning some patience." The last sound Nick heard
was the door being closed. He was alone, helplessly bound hand and foot,
gagged, blindfolded and hooded and lying on a stranger's bed. That stranger
had fucked him until she had cum explosively without letting him do the
same and then gone off leaving him lying here to "think about learning
some patience."
Nick
felt as if he was in heaven!

**Part 3**

Nick
lay on J's bed. He had never seen the bedroom and had no idea of the decor,
or furnishings. All he knew, for certain, was that there was a bed in it
and that she had described it as her bed. He didn't even have any choice
about the fact that he was lying on his right side. He was naked, his ankles
had been fastened together with locking cuffs. Straps were buckled around
his legs above and below his knees and his legs were drawn back into a
hogtie. His hands were encased in bondage mittens which held his wrists
together and a chain was locked between cuffs above his elbows holding
them in tension. A ball gag filled his mouth, a blindfold blocked his sight
and a hood over his head was held in place by a collar round his throat
from which a lead was attached to the head of the bed. Nick was about as
helpless as it is possible to be.

When
he had arrived at J's house he had blindfolded himself before handcuffing
his wrists behind his back. He had put himself completely at J's mercy
and she had rewarded him by using his engorged prick to satisfy herself
gloriously without letting him cum. Finally she had completed his bondage
and left him alone with the instruction that he should think about learning
some patience. Nick was in heaven although he really wished J had let him
cum before she left him. His whole existence seemed to concentrated on
the ache in his balls and the need to relieve his erection.

An
interminable time later, Nick heard the bedroom door opened. "Still here
are you?" J's voice again. "I hope that you have been thinking about patience.
Maybe you have even learned some?" Nick felt the hogtie holding his legs
released and then the straps holding his legs together. "I've put a 30
centimetre chain between your ankle cuffs."J told him. "That will let you
take small steps but stop you running away." "As if I could run away like
this!" thought Nick. "Now I guess you want to relieve yourself and then
we'll have some lunch before we start of the afternoon's activities. After
all, we have to keep your strength up." J's giggle had a slightly malicious
tone that made Nick feel very uneasy. "I wonder what the hell she has in
store for me?" he thought. The only answer he could make was a grunt.

J led
him a few paces, tugging on the leash. "Alright, turn around and sit down."
Nick did so and felt he was sitting on a toilet. "You'd better wee before
Frederick stands up again and you mess on my bathroom floor." Despite the
embarassement of his situation Nick complied and then felt J shake off
the last drops. "Ok, follow me and let's have something to eat." Once again
he felt the tug of the leash lead him forward. Nick very soon discovered
the limitation of his steps caused by the chain between his ankle cuffs.
More than once he almost tripped as his foot was brought up short by the
chain. J made no comment, just  continued to pull him forward. Suddenly
Nick felt grass under his feet and pulled back in alarm. "Oh, didn't I
tell you that it's such a lovely day that I thought we'd eat lunch in the
garden?" Again that malicious chuckle. "I don't think the neighbours can
see much. And anyway they shouldn't be looking into other people's property."

Nick
felt absolutely panic stricken. He was outside, naked! He had no idea which
way to turn to get back inside. He had no idea where he was. For all he
knew, J had taken him through the hallway into the front garden and he
was exposed to anyone in the street. And to finish it all the pressure
from the leash drew him forward across the grass. His erection hardened
again at the realisation of his helplessness to do anything about the situation.
"Oh, by the way, the door back into the house is closed so you can't get
inside by yourself, even is you could find it."
Once
again J seemed to be reading his mind. "Now you just wander around and
enjoy the garden and the sunshine whilst I rustle up some food." Nick felt
the leash fall against his chest. "Don't fall into the swimming pool."
J's voice seemed to be further away. "I don't think you are really dressed
for swimming." Her laughter receded. Nick stood absolutely still. He had
no idea how far away, nor in which direction, the pool was and he certainly
did not want to find out!

The
sun was warm on his shoulders and he could hear normal suburban noises
around him, somewhat muffled by the silk hood and the scarf. A bird called
close by but Nick could not identify it. He found that he was listening
intently to try and work out what was going on in the neighbourhood. Children's
shrieks and laughter came from somewhere and a couple of cars travelled
up the road. The bird called again and then Nick heard footsteps in the
grass close by.

"Isn't
it a beautiful day?" The sound of J's voice was a tremendous relief. "Do
you like my garden? Oh, I keep forgetting that you haven't really seen
it. Here come into the shade and have a seat. I don't want you getting
too sunburnt." Nick waited for J to take the leash but nothing happened.
"Over here." The voice seemed to come from his left. Hesitantly Nick moved
in that direction. "Come on, if you don't hurry up I'll keep quiet and
let you find your way here by yourself." Nick tried to hurry a bit more,
carefully feeling the ground in front of him in case he encountered the
swimming pool. Eventually he bumped into a table. "The chair is to your
left." he heard. Gratefully he sank into the chair. It seemed to be one
of the plastic garden chairs sold in many supermarkets but this one was,
apparently, non standard. No sooner had he sat down than Nick felt the
chain between his ankles pulled back until his feet were off the ground.
The chain seemed to be clipped to something. Then his ankles were locked
together and a strap buckled around his chest, securing him to the chair.
"I suppose you could tip this chair over, but you wouldn't get very far
after that." He heard J say.

"Now
what do you want? I've got chicken and mayo or cheese and tomato sandwiches.
There's coke or orange juice. What will it be?" Suddenly Nick was very
thirsty. His jaw was beginning to ache from the gag and he could feel that
the front of the hood was damp from his drool. He grunted and shook his
head. "I suppose I'd better get that gag out so you can enjoy the food."
J sounded almost exasperated. "Now, how shall we do this?" He felt the
collar undone and then the hood ties loosened. Something was tied around
his head just below his nose and then the bottom of the hood folded up
above his mouth. The gag straps were unfastened and, finally, the ball
came out of his mouth. "Uh, thanks...Can I have some orange juice please?"
Nick's voice was a hoarse. "Sure." He felt a plastic straw against his
lips and drank greedily. Very soon there was a gurgle as he sucked the
last of the juice from the glass.

"Thanks,
that's much better." Nick said. "Look, can I talk or are you going to gag
me again. I'm really hungry and still quite thirsty so please don't put
that gag back in. Please?" The words came out in a rush. "Can you take
the blindfold off? I'd really like to see you."

"No!
The blindfold stays. And so does the rest of the bondage." J's voice was
quite premptory. "I'll leave the gag out whilst you eat but you better
not talk too much or I might just decide to finish the meal in silence.
Besides I can see that you are still enjoying yourself. I hope that a bee
doesn't sting our Freddy. That would really spoil the party." At that thought
Nick tried, unsuccessfully, to hunch over his erection. "Oh sit up, I was
just teasing. There aren't any bees here." J laughed. "Now, chicken or
cheese?" "Chicken please J" Nick replied as he straightened. Soon he had
eaten four sandwiches and drunk most of another glass of orange juice.
J had fed him almost continuously. "Now that my guest has been seen to,
let me have something to eat myself." she said. "Watching you wolf down
that food has done nothing to stop my appetite."

"Why
won't you let me see you?" asked Nick "And what is your name? All I know
you as is J and I like to know a girl's name, especially if she has fucked
herself stupid on me." Nick felt he was being quite daring with the questions
but reckoned he had nothing to lose, other than to be gagged again.

"Oh
I think J is fine, that's what all my friends call me." she answered. "As
for sight...no. Don't you like a bit of mystery in your life? I'll be your
mysterious, unseen, woman."she laughed. "Anyway, I know you love being
blindfolded. It's a real turn-on for you isn't it?"

"Yes...but
how did you know that?" Nick suddenly felt unsure of the way the conversation
was going. "Oh I know quite a lot about you Nick Prendegast." J sounded
smug. "The final confirmation was a couple of weeks ago. When you read
my card telling you to blindfold yourself, your erection almost split your
jeans." Her laughter was louder this time. "Let's face it, this situation
is straight out of one of your erotic fantasies, isn't it?"

They
chatted a bit more, J leading Nick on and getting him to talk more about
himself. The kind of penetrating questions she asked convinced him that
she really did know quite a lot about him. His questions, however, were
gently deflected until Nick asked where she had got the leather bondage
mitten that encased his hands. "Oh I made those myself." J replied. "I
have a reasonably fitted out leather workshop and I make all my own gear.
I even make some stuff for a few friends." J sounded quite animated as
she described how she chose the different types and grades of leather and
how she worked the material. For a change she was doing most of the talking.
"Gotcha!" thought Nick. "Now, at last I am finding out something about
Miss J"

Almost
as if she had read his mind J stopped in mid-sentence. "Very clever Nick."
she said after a moment. The next thing he felt her lips close on his as
she kissed him passionately. After a while, with their tongues and lips
intertwining, she suddenly pulled back. As he opened his mouth ready for
the next assault he felt the ball pushed firmly between his lips. A frustrated
grunt was all the complaint he could make as the straps were again buckled
and locked behind his head. The hood was pulled down to completely cover
his head and the collar fastened again to hold it in place. "I think I've
said more than I intended to Nick so now I'll have to let you experience
some more of my work."

Nick
felt himself being released from the chair and then a tug on the leash
urged him to his feet. J led him across the grass and onto some paving.
He heard a door open and then felt carpet under his bare feet. "Right,
now we are in the workshop. What should I do with you? Decisions...decisions..."
J was obviously toying with him. "I know. How about 'The Frog'?"
The
capitalization was clear from her voice and Nick decided that this had
been on the agenda from the beginning. "I won't keep you in suspense, or
at least not until later." J's laughter again sounded ominous. "I'll describe
it to you. Basically your legs are folded at the knees, calf to thigh,
and then zipped into closed sleeves. Your feet are also included. The same
happens with your arms and hands, so now you have four, rather short, limbs.
The sleeves are all connected across your bum, shoulders and down your
back and there is a hood that completely encases your head." The animation
was back in J's voice.

"What
makes it really special is a spring steel skeleton that is sewn into the
back and sleeves. It holds the legs apart in an inverted 'Y' and keeps
the arms out at shoulder height. If you think about it for a moment you'll
understand why I call it 'The Frog'." Nick could quite easily form a picture
from J's description. A more exposed, vulnerable and helpless position
seemed hard to imagine. He felt his apprehension start to rise again until
it was something close to panic. "Was she really going to put him into
this gear?" he questioned silently. If she decided to do so it didn't seem
like he would have any say in the matter.

Nick
grunted and shook his head. "What I like about this." J continued, ignoring
his agitation. "Is
that the person wearing 'The Frog' is so open and yet so helpless. I can
get at all the interesting bits so nicely. I'm also somewhat partial to
the delicious anonymity of a completely enclosed head. Don't worry, there
are a couple of breathing holes for your nostrils. The gear you'll be wearing
is tailor-made from measurements I took the last time you were here. I
made it especially for you and I can't wait to see you wearing it." The
last sentence confirmed Nick's suspicions that this had been J's intention
all along. "Now the first thing is to get that hood and blindfold off and
the frog hood on."

Nick
felt himself pushed into, and then fastened to, a chair. He felt the collar
being undone and then the hood eased off. The silk scarf that blindfolded
him still ensured that no light reached his eyes. Another collar was now
being fitted around his neck. This one was higher and held his head rigidly
facing forward. "We can't have you looking around and seeing things you
shouldn't." he heard J's voice again. Finally he felt her fingers undoing
the knot behind his head. "At last!" he thought. "I'll be able to see what's
going on." Unfortunately J had outsmarted him again. As the blindfold cleared
his eyes all Nick could see was the dim interior of a box that seemed to
be over his head. He moaned in frustration and fear.

The
gag came off next "Please don't do this to me. I don't know if I can take
it. Please let me go." There was a note of panic in Nick's voice that surprised
even him. J just ignored him and he saw a gloved hand holding a glass of
orange juice appear from the right. "You had better stop talking and drink
this whilst you can." he heard. 'It will be quite a while before you get
another opportunity and you will probably get thirsty." Nick capitulated
and drank from the proffered straw. As he did so he studied the gloved
hand as best he could. The leather appeared to be of the highest quality
and the stitching immaculate. Although he didn't know anything about leather
work, Nick could recognise the obvious quality in the materials and workmanship.
As soon as the juice was finished, the glove and glass disappeared and
he felt the hood covering his head. "Please!" he wailed as his sight was
lost again.

"Oh
don't be such a baby" J's voice sounded cross. "Oh I nearly forgot... sensory
deprivation is so much more effective if you can't hear." Nick felt soft
rubber plugs inserted into each ear. As they swelled his hearing diminished
to almost nothing. Then her hands continued to work the hood down over
his head. He felt a moment of pure panic as his breathing was cut off,
but then the nose-piece moved into position and he found he could breath
again. The collar, holding his head still, was removed and the hood worked
completely into position. It felt as if laces were being tightened at the
back and then the hood covered his head like a second skin. The pressure
of the leather held Nick's mouth tightly closed, no light at all reached
his eyes and he could hear nothing. All he could do was breath through
his nose. "Now what?" he thought.

Within
short order, Nick's arms had been zipped into the frog sleeves. His right
wrist had been cuffed to the chair before his left arm was freed, lifted,
bent at the elbow and encased in the sleeve. The same procedure happened
to his other arm. Nick's fingers just met at the back of his neck but the
enclosing leather meant that there was nothing he could do with them. The
spring steel rods held his arms out so that all he could do was move them
back and forth a few centimetres. Next he felt something hooked to the
rod at his back and he was pulled to his feet. His right leg was secured
to the chair and then his left leg released, bent at the knee and zipped
into its binding. Finally Nick's right leg received the same treatment
and he was left hanging from the hook at his back. At no stage had he been
able to make any attempt to free himself. J had worked with an almost brutal
speed to get her captive dressed in 'The Frog'

Strangely
Nick found his new position almost comfortable. Because of the way the
leather held him the pressure was fairly evenly distributed. It was tight
but not unbearable. He was left alone for a while blind, deaf, silent and
utterly helpless. Then the tickling started. Nick could do no more than
twitch and shudder as J played her fingernails over his exposed body. She
ran them down his side from his armpit to his waist. She dug them into
his stomach. She tickled his balls and his, by now, rampant cock. Eventually,
long past the stage when he felt he couldn't take any more, she stopped.
As he tried to get his breath back, heaving air through his nose, he felt
her pull a condom over his prick. "What? No bands?" He thought as he felt
her pussy engulf his erection.

He
decided that she must be standing in front of him and had adjusted his
height so that she could comfortably pull him into herself. She grasped
him by the bum and slowly swung him back and forth. At last he was to be
allowed to cum! Even now she teased, pulling him out and then leaving him
dangling for a moment before starting again. It did not take long before
the frustration and teasing and the bondage pushed Nick into the most explosive
orgasm he had ever known. Eventually, when he had finished moaning and
shuddering, she left him alone again. How long he hung there Nick had no
way of knowing. He felt he must have dozed off, perhaps even slept, but
his silent blackness gave no clues other than the fact that his limbs were
starting to ache from their confinement.

Then,
once again, those maddening fingernails started to work on him. This time
she concentrated on his exposed armpits and nipples. Even though the tickling
never went below his waist Nick quickly had another raging erection. He
jerked and grunted as much as he was able but his efforts only emphasised
just how helpless he was. Eventually J followed the same routine as before,
rolling a condom over his swollen cock before impaling herself. This time
she held him still, firmly engulfed, unable to get any movement whilst
she continued to tickle and tease his upper body. When he tried to swing
himself he felt a belt tighten around his waist holding him firmly against
her body. Amazingly Nick found that, even without any stimulation from
movement, he was building towards another orgasm.

Suddenly
he felt her pussy muscles spasm around his erection and then felt J shuddering
and jerking as she came. This was enough to push him over the edge and
he came with a massive eruption. As he slowly relaxed after his second
orgasm of the day Nick felt movement. It felt as if his support was being
wheeled along. There was a bump and then the motion stopped. One leg and
then the other were unzipped from their confines. Nick found that he could
stand, although his legs were pretty shaky. Then his arms were unzipped.
He let them fall to his sides and then slowly started to flex his fingers
and muscles. Nothing more seemed to happen so, when he had some control
over his hands, he loosened the laces to the hood that still held his head
captive. Slowly he worked the leather off his head until, at last, he was
completely free. Being out of the hood didn't make any difference to his
sight. Nick felt a rising panic that he had gone blind, he was in complete
darkness. He heard a muffled sound and finally remembered to remove the
ear-plugs.

"Don't
worry Nick." J's voice sounded cheerful. "You haven't gone blind. You're
just in your room for the night and I forgot to turn the light on." She
laughed. "If you look around you'll find some food on the table by the
bed and a toilet and shower. Sleep well and I'll see you in the morning."
There was a click and then silence. "What's going on? Where am I? Why won't
you give me any light?" Nick pleaded and shouted and cursed but there was
no response. He felt around. Next to him was 'The Frog' which seemed to
be hanging from a wheeled frame. His foot encountered the bed and he sat
down on it, suddenly exhausted. "What a day!" he said. The thought of food
had his mouth watering and he felt his way around until he found the table.
After the aroma of leather in his nostrils all afternoon the smell of pizza
had his mouth watering even more. It seemed to be a plain Regina and there
was a large bottle of...orange juice...Again. "What I wouldn't do for a
beer!" Nick said.

His
hunger and thirst satisfied, Nick felt his way along the wall until he
discovered the bathroom. He thought about a shower but decided that showering
in the dark would be too much hassle so he just relieved himself. Nick
continued exploring his prison. The door seemed to be very solid. There
was no handle on this side. He considered beating against it and then decided
that J had probably thought of everything. Anyway he was feeling too tired
to make much of an effort. He crawled under the duvet and fell asleep.

\* \* \* \*

Nick
Prendegast awoke with a start. In the pitch darkness he could hear the
sounds of someone in the room but, when he tried to move, he found that
his arms and legs were held firmly and immovably. Memory flooded back and
he called out "J, what's going on? "

He
had spent most of the previous day as the not-unwilling captive of a woman
he had never set eyes on. She had invited him to her house and instructed
him to strip, blindfold and handcuff himself. The rest of the day was spent
in some form of bondage or another, always blindfolded and usually gagged
whilst she used him as a sex object. Finally he had been released but confined
in darkness and had fallen into an exhausted sleep. Now his tormentor had
returned but he was, once again, helpless and could see nothing.

"Oh,
have you finally woken up?" he heard. "It's a beautiful Sunday morning
and I thought you would like some breakfast, but you were sleeping so soundly
that I was able to get you into a spread-eagle before you even started
to stir. I thought I would tidy up a bit and let you wake up normally before
we carry on."

"I
suppose the routine will be the same as yesterday." Nick said. "You're
going to keep me blindfolded and gagged and tied up all day."

"My
you are clever! That's one of the things I think I like about you" she
said. "Now just hold still whilst I prepare you for the day." The next
thing Nick felt her take his head in her hands and start to work a hood
down over it. "This is a bit different to what you were wearing yesterday."
she said. It didn't matter how much Nick thrashed around. The way he was
spread-eagled the only thing that really moved was his head and that not
enough to stop the hood's inexorable progress. Finally J pulled the laces
tight and buckled the collar closed. He heard a click. "There, that is
now locked into place" Although the hood covered his whole head, Nick found
he could still hear reasonably well. There was a brief pause and then he
heard her say "I've put the light on so I can deal with those naughty hands"
The darkness was as intense as ever.

He
felt mittens encase each hand forcing them to curl into useless fists.
His legs were released and then fastened about 30 cms apart. By now the
fight
had gone out of Nick. He knew that there was no way he was going to escape
from J until she decided to let him go. He didn't resist as she sat him
up and then attached his hands together behind his back. "Oh well I might
as well enjoy it." he thought as he felt his erection once again rise.
"I must be crazy, getting a hard on again in this situation." J quickly
noticed as well. He felt her leather gloved hand move slowly up and down
his cock. "What a strong boy you are. I like that." she said before leaving
him frustrated. "No time for that now. I'm sure you want some breakfast."
Nick grunted. Although he wasn't gagged the hood was tight enough to make
it impossible for him to open his mouth. He wondered how he was going to
eat. At least he was able to breathe through the holes at his nostrils.

J pulled
him forward and led him, but not too fast with his hobbled legs.. He felt
himself being turned around and then was instructed to sit. Not surprisingly
a belt secured him to the chair and then his legs were pulled up behind
him and secured. The big surprise was when he heard and felt a zip pulled
back and he found that he could open his mouth. "Gee thanks, I wondered
how I was going to eat." he said. He didn't have a chance to say much more
as J fed him breakfast. He found that he was hungry and ate everything
she put in his mouth. Fried eggs on toast, bacon, sausage and finally toast
with marmalade. After he had drunk a cup of coffee he remarked "That was
the best, and the weirdest breakfast I've had for a long time. Thank you."

"It's
a pleasure." J replied. "Now are you going to behave and let me zip your
lip or am I going to have to do it the hard way?"

"Do I have much choice?"
Nick asked. "But do you have to silence me again? I'd really like to talk
to you, you seem like a fascinating woman."

"Flattery, flattery! Now hard
or easy?" Obediently Nick closed his mouth and felt the zip once again
sealing it. "Good boy. For that I'm going to have a second breakfast and
reward you." He soon found out what she meant as he felt her mouth close
around his penis. It quickly rose to a full erection and soon he was squirming
in an agony of pleasure as she expertly worked him to orgasm. He felt her
swallowing his cum and understood her remark about a second breakfast.

As
his breathing slowly returned to something like normal Nick heard her say
"Now you just stay there and listen to some music. I've got some work to
do." A pair of head-phones clamped over his ears and then he heard the
opening bars on the Brandenburg Concerto Number One. "How did she know
I like Bach?" Nick wondered as the music filled his head.

Several
hours later, judging by the medley of pieces of music, Nick felt the head-phones
being removed. "Ok I'm finished now and it's almost time for you to go."
J said. "Are you up to giving me one last bit of fun or have you had enough?"
Her hands fondled his prick and balls and felt himself start to respond.
"Well I guess that answers that!" she laughed. "I'm going to end off with
the Swing, unless you would prefer the Frog again?" Nick shook his head.
The tight confines of the Frog seemed to be a bit much although he felt
his erection harden at the thought. "The Swing?" J asked. Nick nodded.
The rememberance of the last time he had been on that device caused his
cock to stiffen even further.

Quickly
J released Nick from the chair and led him a few paces. She eased him backwards
onto the swing and then secured him firmly to it. Before slipping a condom
over his, by now, engorged prick he felt her fasten the little bands and
balls around it. Nick groaned with frustration. He knew that those little
devils would stop him cumming. "Now there's no need to be like that." J
said. "I've been working hard and I want a bit of fun before I let you
out of my clutches." A grunt was all the reply he could make. Soon he felt
her naked body straddle his lap and then she impaled herself. "Because
there's no-one else to help, I'll have to work the swing myself." she said.
He felt her rock backwards and forwards pressing her breasts into his chest
and getting the swing moving. The movement on his cock gave him exquisite
torment, especially with the bands at top and bottom that stopped him cumming.

Soon
the swing was moving fast. There was a moment of almost weightlessness
at the top of the arc and then J ground down hard onto him as the swing
reached the bottom of it's travel. Nick really wanted to put his arms around
this fantastic female and kiss her hard as they fucked each other. Both
were impossible with his hands bound behind his back and the hood covering
his face. All he could do was sit and listen and feel as she became more
and more aroused, her pussy contracting strongly. Soon she came and he
felt her rubbing her nipples and boobs against him. She screamed in his
ear and then bit his shoulder.

As
her climax subsided the swing seemed to slow down but soon J was pumping
it again pushing it higher and higher. Once again Nick felt her thrusting
down hard as the swing reached the bottom of it's travel. Once again she
was soon if the throes of an orgasm, shuddering and biting his shoulder.
At last everything seemed to come to a stop. Nick still had a desperate
desire to cum that was denied by the devilish little bands encircling his
erection. Slowly he felt J lift herself off him. "Oh that was wonderful!"
he heard her say. Next he felt the condom and the bands removed. "Always
leave them wanting more, as they say in show business." she said as she
slowly pumped his engorged cock.

Just
as Nick felt he was ready to cum, she stopped. "No time for that now. You
need to be going home." Nick groaned with frustration. "Would you like
to visit again next week-end?" He nodded vigorously and grunted affirmation.
"You say that and you don't even know what I have in store for you? You
really are brave! Are you sure?" This time Nick's nod was more slow and
certain. "Well I've got something special but you will have to be here
early. Can you get here by 8-o-clock?" Once again Nick nodded and grunted.
"There is no way I'm not going to be here!" Nick thought.

Whilst
this 'conversation' had been going on, J had released Nick from the swing
and was now leading him forward. "Watch out for the steps, 3 up." he heard
. Shortly thereafter he was again sitting on, what felt like, the straight-backed
chair in the entrance hall. "Same rules as last time." he heard. "Don't
try to contact me, don't try to find out who I am and don't be late on
Saturday. Ok?" Nick nodded and grunted. "I really mean it, if you try anything
I will never ever let you in again, and then we'll both miss out on some
fun." J sounded quite authoritative Nick thought. "I'd better believe her
or I will probably screw things up." he thought as he felt her release
his legs and hands and then unlock the collar that fastened the hood. "Oh,
by the way, you can take the hood with you as a memento - just make sure
you bring it back next time."
