---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Early Years
authors:
- Rawl
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- nylons
- girdle
- mast
- climax
- stuck
- caught
- hum
- X
date: 2002-09-12 00:00:00
---

Hi! Some of you may
have read some of my fantasy stories under the pen name of Rawl or Rawn
and thus know I am a very kinky person. At least in my mind!

I guess that a little intro
is long over due! Where to start? Hmmm… Well I guess to start
let me say I have been crossdressing long before I understood what that
meant, also tagging self-bondage in with it on most occasions, but I also
enjoy seeing the female form in all sorts of tight confining bondage and
clothing. One of the earliest memories of Cd'ing is when I was about
ten. Being from a poverty level
farming family, hand me downs were a way of life. Usually; from brother
to brother and sister to sister.

One day however I had no
clean shirts for school my Sister-in-law, who was living with us to help
Dad care for us. Him and Mom were going through a very ugly divorce.
Anyway the only thing she could find that would fit my ten-year-old body
was a sweater from my older sister. I had a fit and my brother almost
beat the daylights out of me for some of the things I said to her.
Needless to say I ended up wearing the sweater to school. I remember
the feelings of absolute terror that some one find out it was a girl sweater
and the excitement of wearing it. Talk about a confused kid!
I certainly did not understand those feelings. I think that laid
the foundation (no pun intended) for who I am today.

About a year later after
the farmhouse we were living in caught on fire we were living with my Mom.
Now my mother is not a very big lady! A young cross-dressers dream.
Although like I say I had no idea that what I was doing was called that.
I did know that if I were caught it would not bode well for me. Not
with six other siblings and the type of father I had. Men looked
after the farm, women looked after the cooking, cleaning and having babies
and the two never mixed.

Anyway I loved the smell
of my mother’s room; her foundation garments had an exciting aroma for
me. This led to me more than once “borrowing” some of my mother’s
undergarments. Never her panties but her girdles and bra’s.
As I said she was a small lady and although the girdles were not tight
they did feel great.

One day not long after I
had discovered the treasure trove of girdles in my Mom’s dresser I had
also discovered how wonderful silk stocking felt on my still hairless legs.
My stepfather always had those old detective magazines around with bound
women on the covers. And I began to fantasize about what it would
be like to be a woman tied up like those pictures. The only thing
I could find for that was my Mom’s discarded but not thrown out stockings
and pantyhose.

I was about to learn a VALUABLE
lesson in leaving your-self a quick way out and about how well pantyhose
can confine you. I had snuck my favorite rubber girdle, (I loved
the smell and it fit me pretty tight) and a pair of used nylons.
Mom’s high heels were very tight on me but this was one of my first SB
experiences so I forced my feet into them. I could not walk very
well but I managed to strut around for a little while.

Mom kind of let us kids do
what we wanted as long as she knew where we were and not getting into trouble
with the law. So I stole away into my bedroom and changed into her
undergarment and heels. (This is the first time I got a hard on as
well.) It felt so cool, not knowing that I should leave myself a
safety I proceeded to bind my ankles and knees together with nylons.
I managed to wrap some more around my upper body around my shoulders just
above where my tits would be and tied a very tight knot. I was really
excited by now but felt frustrated because my hands were still free.
So I tied a loop in a pair of pantyhose and stuck my wrists into it.

Still not satisfied because
I couldn’t tighten it enough to really feel helpless I started twisting
my wrists so that the noose around my wrists tightened. Let me see if I
can explain that. I would twist my wrist around in the noose while
rotating one hand over the other. I did this until I couldn’t twist my
wrist anymore. This is where I got into trouble. I didn’t know that
the more you pull on a knot in stretchy pantyhose the tighter the knot
gets!!

Well I was having a gay old
time imagining my self bound like one of those beauties gracing my Dad’s
magazines. Pretending to be in mortal danger and putting up a good
struggle, I continued my self-bondage fantasy. I had bound my legs
quite well for a beginner and the twist around with my arms had secured
my wrists. Too well I was about to find out.

Just then the unimaginable
happened my Mom called me down for some hot chocolate and a snack.
I panicked. I tried to twist my hands free but suddenly they would
not move in either direction. Right about that time I made a mess
of my Mom’s girdle. My first orgasm. WOW. I didn’t know
then that was what it was called but WOW!! That did not help my plight.
I was instantly disoriented and now really could not remember which way
I had twisted my hands to knot them up so well.

To my absolute horror Mom
opened the door to my room and there I was bound hand and foot wearing
her girdle and nylons. I remember wishing God he would open up the floor
to swallow me whole. I blushed to my nylons covered toes and just
lay there. Mom just looked at me and told me to hurry up or my hot
chocolate would get cold.

It took me almost a half-hour
to free myself. I was trying to use my teeth to pull on the knots
at my wrists. I was terrified Mom would have to come back in and
release me. My hands were starting to fall asleep because of the
tight nylons wrapped around them. I think I was crying by the time
I finally got the knot free. I quickly released myself and stowed
everything under the bed to be cleaned up later.

Needless to say; I never
put myself into that position again. Mom never said a word about
it either. I don’t know what would have happened had it been my stepfather
or one of my older siblings. I have thanked God everyday I think
about that day my Mom did not react to what she saw.
