---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/one_tie_too_many.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: One Tie too Many
authors:
- Robert Deane
tags:
- n/a
---

Here's a new one...it has not even made it to my
site yet...thought you might want to "premier" it on your site....as I
said before...my way of saying thank you very much for all that you have
done to help my website
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

One Tie Too Many
By Robert Deane
Deaneproductions.com

'Okay,' she kept telling herself.  'Calm down and you will get
out of this. You always do, and you will somehow manage it this time.' 
That's what Suzanne kept telling herself, but this time she didn't believe
it.

Suzanne was one of those people who loved bondage very much but had
little opportunity to experience it with others.  So she developed
ways to put herself in tight, challenging bondage.  Granted, it might
take a while, and her poor little body might be almost torn apart from
orgasm after orgasm while she was tightly tied, but she always somehow
succeeded in removing her bonds without ever cutting a rope.

This time seemed different, almost from the start.

She met him online, and they became friends after a few short chats. 
There was a mischievous side to him that attracted her to him like a moth
to a flame.  She frequently reminded herself about what happened to
that moth when it got too close to the flame, but the warmth and excitement
were almost addictive to Suzanne.

It was after several discussions about bondage - she never did like
the word self-bondage, but preferred simply to talk about placing herself
in bondage - that he began making suggestions.  He called them challenges,
and again, like that proverbial moth, she flew closer and closer to the
flame.

Each time the challenges became more difficult, and after each challenge
was met, she found herself craving the next one.  They almost always
involved nipple clamps; her firm young breasts with their perky nipples
could handle the tightest of clamps.  She loved it when the bondage
involved laying face down on the bed.  That always pressed harder
against the nipple clamps, causing a pain that aroused almost every nerve
ending in her whole body.  And lately, he had taken to adding a strip
of duct tape across her mouth.  She had to learn how to wear that
gag - breathing through her nose alone was a challenge.  And when
the orgasms would slam through her body, her inability to cry out, let
alone to breathe through her mouth, added to the heightening of the moment. 
She did not know why or how, but she simply accepted it and enjoyed the
results.

With each new challenge he gave her, the number of knots in the ropes
increased.  It started with two, then increased to four, then continued
growing in number depending on his whim.  Adding wet ropes to her
bondage made untying herself difficult - especially after the wet knots
dried.  This challenge was for her to remain in the bondage position
all night long, which she had accomplished without hesitation or reservation. 
But when the morning finally arrived, the combination of the dried knots
and her aching body was too much for even Suzanne to handle.

She was laying there in a position that even she could not have imagined,
had it not been explained to her as a "challenge" from her online friend. 
With the ropes and other toys in hand, she had, the night before, climbed
up onto her bed au natural and began the process of binding herself. 
First, she tied coils of rope around her ankles, then she tied the ropes
to the footboard, as far apart as possible.  Although she was only
5' 2" tall, she was able to almost reach the outer edges of the footboard. 
She remembered the day when she bought this bed, knowing the fun it would
bring.  The footboard was sturdy wood with a flat, cushioned piece
across the top, wide enough for her to sit on and contemplate her challenge
each night.  Last night she sat on it as she firmly and tightly tied
each ankle to the footboard.

Prior to beginning the ties, Suzanne stretched her body well, warming
up for the strenuous night that faced her.  She had not forgotten
the duct tape that was now pressed firmly against her lips, mouth and cheeks. 
Nor had she forgotten the nipple clamps.  The wide clamps he chose
for this night were squeezing her nipples tight, almost flattening them.

And, of course, there were the two vibrators: the one she called the
silver bullet was named for its shape.  A wire to the plastic control,
already set on medium, connected it.  Most would think that a high
setting would cause the most torment; few - except for him - realized how
subtle and tormenting a medium setting would be.  Then there was the
vibrator he called Mr. Butterfly, also named for its shape.  It was
pressed against the most sensitive part of her body, between the apex of
her thighs.  Both were held in place by a tight, unforgiving crotch
rope.

While she sat on the footboard binding her ankles, she was fighting
against the urge to experience that first orgasm.  But she had much
to do before she could let herself fly away in orgasmic bliss.  She
attached another rope to the center of the footboard; the purpose of that
rope would become evident in less than a moment.

Suzanne lowered herself onto the bed and felt the strain as her heels
pressed against the footboard of the bed.  She had done her work well;
her legs were spread wide and were held firmly by her ropes.

Before she could change her mind and admit to herself that this challenge
was beyond even her capabilities, she grabbed hold of the piece of rope
that she'd left on the bed and began to coil it around her wrists, behind
her back.  Even then her mind raced with myriad emotions: anxiety
about what could happen if she couldn't release herself, and arousal at
the same thought.  Her mind pushed aside the anxiety and focused on
the arousal.  She caught herself already grinding against the bed,
enjoying the sensations caused by the vibrators and the nipple clamps,
all the while coiling the rope around her wrists.  In an instant,
she slid the rope around the center of the coils in a tight cinch, repeating
the cinching several times.  Each cinch pulled the ropes tighter than
before.  Without pausing, she knotted the rope, once, twice, three
times, four times, and finally a fifth time, willing each knot to be tighter
than the knot before it.

As she realized that she was almost at the end of her task, her fingers,
her hands, her entire body seemed focused only on one goal - completion
of the challenge and the orgasms that awaited her.  Thinking back,
it was probably then, right at that moment, that she made the mistake.

Grabbing the rope that was connected to the middle of the footboard,
she slid it between her bound wrists, then pulling on it, pulled her body
into a tight arch.  The arch lifted her breasts up off the bed. 
Her mind raced towards the finish line and the body-wracking orgasms that
awaited her.  At that thought, she pulled even tighter, arching her
body to such a degree that her tight firm belly was almost up off the bed. 
Before she lost her grip, she used her fingers to form a loop knot in the
rope, one that would tighten when she released herself.  Then in a
moment of little longer than a millisecond, she let go of the rope. 
She felt the loop knot slide between the palms of her hands, against the
cinched ropes.  At that moment, she realized what she had done.

She had just tied herself into a position from which she could not release
herself.  She was arched too tightly to permit any slack in the rope
holding her body towards the foot of the bed.  With each struggle,
each pull, she tightened the knot even tighter.

That realization pushed Suzanne over the edge, to the most mind and
body stimulation she had ever encountered.  Not a single orgasm, but
a series, one after another causing her entire body to explode both physically
and mentally.  One after another, after another until her body was
almost lifeless.

In that tight arched position, her body eventually collapsed. 
Awakening hours later, she strained until she ached, but was still tied
tight.  She had not taken what she knew should have been her safety
steps.  She had told nobody about her plans; she had even locked the
keyless deadbolt on her apartment door.  Yet she cared not when she
awoke that it might be hours, or days, until she was missed or found. 
Because she had achieved what her body and mind craved - tight, inescapable
bondage with mind-blowing and body-numbing orgasms.

Moments later she awoke from her sleep, laying in her bed, the sheets
soaked from perspiration.  Had it only been a dream?  She looked
down at her wrists and saw that they were free of ropes.  No, it was
not a dream - it was so real.  But she decided that even if it was
a dream, she could make it real as she gathered her ropes and other toys
to begin that challenge.

If you liked this story then visit
**[Deaneproductions.com](http://www.deaneproductions.com)**
**for more great stories**
