---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam's Diary
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- MF-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-06-16 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Sam's Diary 26,27&28**](sams_diary12.html))

Sam's Diary
by Studbound
Sam's Diary by Studbound

Chapter 29 February
4, 2001

To My Diary

At school during January things went well, and I concentrated on my
classes. I did meet a couple of new girls who I had seen around, but really
didn't know that well. One of them is really good looking, and I get hot
whenever I see her, which is uncomfortable with that damned chastity thing
locked on me. We've talked, and secretly I took her out one evening.

We had a couple more dates after that.

I was really happy when my grades came out at the end of the semester.
Mostly "A's" and one "B." My parents were happy too, and my step-mother
said that they would keep their bargain and let me stay with the Petersons
while my aunt and Derek were gone. I had almost forgotten about staying
with the Petersons. I wondered how it would go when I told Julie I didn't
want to be tied up so much and maybe not be a slave.

During January, my aunt only tied me up once and that for just two hours.
One other time my aunt said she wanted to see me in the leather cocoon
that the Petersons had given me. I agreed, and on a Saturday afternoon
she had me strip, put on my gag, and she laced me into the tight leather
glove that so tightly binds me. She kept me in it for about an hour which
was more than enough for me. I told her that I really didn't like it as
it at all and wanted to get rid of the horrid thing.

Reluctantly I got ready to move for a couple of months. My aunt helped
me pack including all of my tie-up equipment and she checked to see that
the chastity device was locked in place.

I took my aunt and uncle to the airport, and then drove over to the
Petersons. I am really nervous about telling Julie how I feel about things.
But I know she'll understand.

Sam

Chapter 30 February
7, 2001

To Sam's Diary

Hi, This is Julie writing. Sam can't write in his diary now. He can't
talk either. He can't do much of anything. And he's going to stay that
way for a while!!

Sam has been spending some time in his bondage cocoon that we bought
for him. He's in our living room suspended from a hook in the ceiling.
He's learning for real what it means to be a bondage slave - not just easy
stuff and playing like we did at the retreat. It almost seemed like he
didn't want me to put him into the cocoon, but I convinced him that if
he tried it again for a little while he would grow to love it.

Now that I have him securely bound I'm going to teach him not to date
someone else when he thinks I'm not looking. I'm really angry about that.
Mom and I aren't playing around any more like we did at the retreat in
Mexico. Sam is now getting his full slave training and that takes a while.
Mom is teaching me what to do. When Sam is finally released from the cocoon,
he'll be very busy waiting on me or doing his homework and around here
we'll always keep him restrained in some way. I suppose I have to let him
go from the cocoon fairly soon as he's already been in it for a long time.
He moans and whimpers often, but we ignore that. Mom says Dad did the same
thing when she trained him.

When Dad finished his chores this morning, he walked into the living
room and looked at Sam. "Poor kid," he said. "I think he's in over his
head and I'm afraid he won't be able to talk his way out of it."

"Shut up Rick," said my mother who came in and grabbed the chain that
was attached to Dad's slave collar. 
"You're about to be in the same boat." Then Mom led Dad off to our
dungeon in the basement. Sam hasn't seen the dungeon yet, but he's going
to be there a whole lot during the next months.

Sam squirmed and made a lot of sounds when he heard Dad's voice. I think
he really wants us to let him go. Of course, the gag meant I didn't understand
him. I wasn't going to free him anyway. He can just hang there and think
about what will happen if I catch him with another girl ever again.

Like it or not Sam will be tied up in our dungeon most of the time over
the next two months. We've told the people at college that he's ill and
we have put him on "on leave" status. So now we can keep him here all the
time.. So there won't be any more diary stories from Sam. Not for a very
long time.

Julie

End?
