---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Friday Night
authors:
- Pseudonime
tags:
- Solo-F
- M/f
- tease
- bond
- rope
- gag
- outdoors
- nipple
- bdsm
- straps
- torment
- hogite
- bagged
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2011-12-14 00:00:00
---

The following story is a work of pure fiction. Any resemblance to any individual is purely coincidental.

**Part I**

I suppose I should start this with a brief introduction of myself. My name is Sara Greene and I’m 27 years old. I stand about 5’8” without heels and have a 34C-25-34 figure topped with strawberry blonde hair. My tits are nice and firm and I love to go to the store braless in just a thin t-shirt or romper and tease all the men.

I got married right after high school to a political organizer and started working with him. Our sex life was far from exciting. His idea of foreplay was a couple of quick kisses, a few squeezes of my breasts and wham, he would ram in. Neither of us really wanted kids right away so we kept plodding along. After about 5 years I reconnected with a high school girlfriend and we started going out to clubs together. We’d pick up guys in the bar and end up in two different cars making out with the guys. We’d almost always shut the guys down when they were getting “too” close. We called it “fun” but I’m sure the guys called it something else. I had a couple of affairs and eventually got caught. I think I wanted to get caught at that point because I could have prevented it and didn’t.

Anyway, hubby and I separated and I found a new job and looked for an apartment. I found the apartment near work and only about 30 minutes from my parents and moved in.  I didn’t get much in the divorce but I wanted out and didn’t want the humiliation of having to admit to things in court. We even lied to the judge so we could get it over sooner. As a result, my economic standing and social life both pretty well hit rock bottom for awhile.

Along the route between my office and my apartment was a suburban park with a good size lake made from a partially dammed creek. You wouldn’t want to swim in it but it was nice to lie out by and I had seen fishermen there. During the summer I would sometimes take a bikini to work and work on my tan in the park during lunch. One side of the park was rimmed with upper middle income homes but the other side had been pretty well isolated by a new shopping center and had just a couple of homes.

As I settled into the new job I also made some friends and settled into a pattern of swapping quick suggestive banter with some co-workers. I did some reading and started to broaden my interests and knowledge of the world in general and sex in particular. I was still pretty much a babe in the woods but was getting more eager all the time. I had a few dates but nothing really seemed to work out so most nights it was me and my dog watching TV or me at the parents’ house mooching a meal or laundry services. One guy at work, Jack, kept hitting on me and trying to persuade me to go out with him. He was a manager in another department so it wouldn’t have been a conflict, but I just didn’t want to date somebody from work.

After awhile I met a guy who lived in my apartment complex. He did me a favor so I engineered a way to see him again and invite him over for a drink. I don’t know whether he swept me off my feet or I lept off them but after a few dates we were hot and heavy. I started to experience things I never had before. I started getting wet before intercourse and even had multiple orgasms. On a good weekend day we would have sex 3 or 4 times a day (our record was 7 times in one day). At one point he kiddingly said something about making me his slave and for some reason I jumped at the idea. I soon discovered he had a love of bondage and was fairly accomplished at it. I found myself tied up several times including being tied to a table while he shaved my pussy (did I mention he liked that too?). He then used a combination of ice cubes and candle wax on my freshly shaved pussy to bring me to a shattering orgasm.

The problem was that he was just too nice a guy. He was taking things slowly with me not wanting to scare me and all the while I wanted him to be rough with me. I wanted him to hurt me and to use me roughly. I tried to drop a few hints but just couldn’t bring myself to tell him what I wanted. He’d tied me up and make me suck his cock when what I really wanted him to push me down and rape me or put me over his knee and beat my ass. He really was in love with me but the gentler he was to me, the less it turned me on.

After a few months I dumped my boyfriend rather unceremoniously and started playing the field again but with more confidence. It was the same old story again. Some first dates, some broken dates and ever mounting urges. I soon learned that fancy cars may imply money and power but it usually really means poverty and an overblown ego. I just couldn’t see myself telling any of these guys “I want you to tie me up and fuck me for all I’m worth”. I think most of them would have gone running out of the apartment or have thought I was setting them up for a rape accusation..

My frustration grew and I guess my comments at work became more and more pointed. The Friday before Memorial Day I happened to be alone in the office elevator with Jack. We started talking about the 3 day weekend and I guess my sexual frustration oozed out of me. I made some off hand comment about having to stock up on batteries. He made some comment about me needing a man who could handle me. I told him to be careful or I might give him a chance to try it. He shot back a smug “Anytime, but you better make it quick because I’m transferring out of state in a month.” The news surprised me and the conversation shifted to his new job for the rest of the elevator ride.

I kept thinking about that conversation all morning. My head filled with questions like Why not?  What if he’s the one and you let him get away? What can I loose? How could I do it?

By lunchtime I had come up with a plan that shocked me. It was bolder than anything I had ever done or could even imagine myself doing. If I went through with it I could be known as a slut or I could get the fuck I needed so badly. The key thing was I could make the plans and still back out later.

I went home at lunch and decided to throw a few things into a bag. (I should explain that this bag is a big old Army surplus duffel bag. One of those heavy cloth duffels that stands almost five feet tall and is nearly 2 ½ feet in diameter and has a zipper down the entire side. I think it may have been used to hold a tent or something.). I rolled up my quilted furniture moving pad that I use as a beach blanket and stuffed that in the bag. Next came some “leftovers” from my ex boyfriend, 10 ropes of different lengths, a few leather belts that I had, a leather blindfold, and a half dozen clothes pins for good measure. All of that only filled the bag about half way so I added in a small cooler bag with some ice cubes and a couple bottles of water in it.

That bag packed, I went in my bedroom and pulled out my tiniest string bikini and put that into a separate plastic shopping bag from a drug store. My ex-boyfriend had given me the bikini and it was so small I never had the nerve to wear it outside my apartment. I wolfed down a quick lunch and was all set to tear back to work when I walked past my digital camera. After a moment’s debate with myself, the camera went into the duffel bag. I hope I don’t regret this I said to myself. I hurried back to work and walked in carrying my plastic shopping bag with the bikini inside.

I went back to the office and started shuffling papers and trying to work. I kept arguing with myself over whether I really wanted to do this and if I really wanted to do all of it. My mind raced over the potential reactions and the possible situations. The whole time I was thinking of what could happen to me my pussy kept getting wetter and wetter.

By 3 o’clock I was so horny I couldn’t sit still and went to the cafeteria for a break. I wanted to veer into the ladies room and relieve my horniness right then but decided that being this horny might be the only thing to make me go through with my plan. While I was in the cafeteria I took out a small piece of paper and wrote “Meet me in the parking lot at 5:15. No questions.” I folded over the note and prayed I knew what I was doing.

On the way back to my office I stopped by Jack’s office. He was talking to one of his staff so I sat the note on the corner of his desk and rushed out. I was afraid I was shaking so badly that they would think I was having a heart attack or something. I buried myself in work for the rest of the afternoon. Actually I tried to make it look like I was buried in work because I couldn’t concentrate long enough to get anything accomplished.

Five o’clock finally came and after locking up my desk I picked up my drug store shopping bag and headed for the ladies room. I hurried into a stall and locked the door behind me. After kicking off my heels I pulled off my pantyhose and then my lacy panties. I couldn’t believe how wet my panties were. I checked my pantyhose and they were wet also. I quickly took off my skirt and checked the back of it. There was a small damp spot that fortunately didn’t show because of the skirt’s dark color. I pulled my bikini out of the shopping bag and placed my panties and pantyhose in the bag. I managed to tie the bikini bottom in place with what were now trembling fingers and put my skirt back on over it. I took off my blouse and bra and put on the bikini top and then my blouse. My bra joined my panties and hose in the plastic bag. With my heels back on I adjusted my clothing and walked out of the stall to look in the mirror. It wasn’t apparent that I had my bikini on underneath and if you didn’t notice my now missing pantyhose, you’d think I was dressed as I had been all day.

I walked out of the building and into the parking lot carrying the plastic bag. I saw Jack standing near his car which had now been moved closer to mine. As I walked up to him he asked me what the note was all about. I simply said “Just follow me, No questions” and kept walking to my car. I started up my car and drove to the park with the lake taking the road into the less populated side of the lake. I parked my car and got out as Jack was parking his car behind mine. I went around to the trunk of my car, opened it and jammed the shopping bag with my panties, pantyhose and bra in it into the duffel and then pulled the duffel out of the trunk. Jack’s suit jacket was over the back of the passenger seat in his car and his tie was loosened around his neck.

“What’s this all about” he asked.

“Just follow me, and here, you can carry this for me” was my reply as I handed him the duffel. After all, I had to walk through the woods in heels and he could easily carry the bag. I turned and started walking into the woods.

Jack followed me as I led him into the woods. We walked in probably about 300 feet  and passed a group of big old brick barbecue pits that looked like they hadn’t been used in twenty or thirty years. I guess when they built the shopping center next to the park it discouraged people from using this area. After walking about another 100 feet I came to a small clearing. I looked towards the lake. The terrain, the tall weeds and scrub trees blocked the view of the lake and the far side completely. There were several trees with limbs about 7 or 8 feet off the ground so the clearing had some sun and some shade. “This should do” I said and took the duffel from Jack.

I put the duffel down and took out the moving pad and handed it to Jack. “Here, spread this out for me please”. While Jack was spreading the pad I took out a bottle of water and drank some of it trying to keep my throat from drying up. Jack spread out the pad and stood up and looked at me. What’s this all about he asked?

I took a deep breath and started undoing the top button of my blouse. I launched into the little speech I had been preparing all afternoon. “Here’s the deal. It’s about 5:30 now and it gets dark about 7:40 this time of year.” By this time my blouse was unbuttoned and I took it off revealing my tiny bikini top. Jack’s eyes grew round and his mouth fell open. Trying not to stop and loose my cool I continued my little speech as I undid my skirt; “You have that much time to do anything you want to me. But, if I am able to leave a half hour from now, I will.”  I could hear Jack trying to suck in breath as I stepped out my skirt. “Are you serious” he said as I stood there in my heels and bikini. “You’re wasting time” I said as I handed him the duffel. “Here are your supplies”.

Jack knelt down and looked in the duffel bag and I swear his eyes nearly bulged out of his head when he saw the ropes and belts. He looked up at me like a kid who just was told that he won a candy store. “You’re really serious about this?” I looked down at him and the bag and my eye saw the glint of the digital camera “Oh, and if you use the camera I get the photos and the memory card” I said.

I think that nearly made him cum right there. I knew I was about ready too as Jack dumped out the duffel onto the corner of the moving pad. I set the alarm on my wristwatch for 45 minutes (I wanted to give him a little extra time) and set it on top of my skirt and blouse. “Times wasting” I said, jarring him out of his rather bewildered state. Jack looked up at me and said “Get down on all fours in the middle of the pad.” I figured the average guy would probably tie my hands behind my back first, but maybe Jack was just going to ignore the ropes and fuck me right away. That disappointed me and I was starting to think this wasn’t going to be what I wanted, what I needed. Suddenly I felt a rope being wrapped around my right leg just above the knee. It was tightened and then tied in place. Then same was then done above my left knee. Jack’s hand grabbed my left wrist and yanked it back to my left knee. I had to struggle to keep my balance and ended up lowering my shoulders to the ground. Before I realized it my left wrist was tied to my left knee and the process was quickly copied with my right wrist and knee. I was now face down to the ground with my ass sticking inviting up I the air. My mind started to drift into my submissive mode and I found my self slightly shaking my ass in the air.

“You really do like this don’t you?” Jack said as he looked over my position. “Um, maybe” was the only answer that would come out of my mouth. The next thing I felt was a rope being wrapped and tied around my right ankle. As he was wrapping the rope around my ankle I started to realize that Jack had some knowledge of what he was doing. The average guy would probably just have tied a loop around my ankle, but Jack was being more careful. I felt my ankle being tugged away from my body and looked back to see Jack pulling the rope under a partially exposed tree root. “Spread your knees he said” and I obeyed. I watched as he tied the rope around the root securing it in place. My left ankle was soon tied with a rope stretching to the base of a nearby sapling. My ankles were now secured and my knees were spread a good two feet apart

Jack knelt down next to me. His hand started to glide over my back, my thighs, the inside of my thighs and my ass. His touch felt so good I started to shudder. “God you are a horny little slut aren’t you” Jack asked. My intellect and vocabulary started to fail me and all I could say was “That feels good”. As soon as the word good drifted out of my mouth I felt a strong slap on my ass and let out a startled yelp. “That feels good, Master” I heard Jack’s voice say. “From now on you will address me as Master”. My heart started to beat faster, not out of anger but out of excitement of finding someone who knew what I wanted. My mind raced in 100 different directions until I felt another slap on my ass, “I’m waiting” I heard Jack’s voice say. “That feels good, Master” came my response.

Jack got up from my side and I heard him digging through the pile of rope and toys. I looked back and saw him picking up the blindfold and turned my head away. He knelt down next to my head and started moving my hair out of the way. He had some trouble not getting my hair caught in the strap and buckle but eventually the blindfold was snug in place. “We need to do something to keep this hair out of the way” I heard him say. He started to gather my hair into a ponytail near the top of my head and I felt something being wrapped around it and tied. He pulled a little too hard and I let out a fairly loud OW. “You certainly are a noisy little bitch aren’t you? We’ll have to do something so that you don’t draw attention to us”. I felt whatever it was tied to my hair pulling my head back. As my head was pulled back my mouth started to open and I felt something cloth being pushed in behind my lips and teeth. As soon as the texture of the cloth hit my tongue I realized it was my panties that were soaked with my own juices. His fingers pushed the panties all the way into my mouth and I started to taste my own juices. Before I could do anything I felt some something being stretched across my open mouth, trapping the panties inside. Whatever it was it was soon stretched around my head and I realized a leg of my pantyhose was being tied around my head to hold my panties in place. I felt the pantyhose being pulled tight and knotted then knotted again.

Something plopped down on my back and it took me a minute to realize that it was the rest of my pantyhose. I heard some kind of metallic click and then the pantyhose were lifted up off my back again. There was a tearing/cutting noise and then I felt a pull on my hair. My ponytail and whatever was tied to it were being pulled through something. Then I felt something being pulled down all around my head. I realized that the panty part of my pantyhose was now being pulled down over my head. I felt the pantyhose being tugged under my chin and then something being wrapped around my head from bottom to top and down again. I realized Jack was tying the other leg of the pantyhose around my head to keep me from opening my mouth. I felt him tie it off under my chin. It never occurred to me before that my head is nearly as much around as my legs are long.

I felt another tug on my hair and raised my head up to keep whatever it was from pulling on my hair. I heard Jack stand up and felt him pulling whatever was tied to my hair with him. My head was bent back against my shoulders in a rather uncomfortable way. I raised up the upper end of my body so that my shoulders and breasts were off the ground but my hair just kept pulling me higher. There was some tugging on my hair again and then it stopped. I tried to lower my head back down but whatever  was tied around my hair pulled on my hair when I did. I tried a little harder and the pull on my hair was harder. Jack must have tied my hair to something above me. A branch, it had to be. I had to keep the upper part of my body up or all its weight would be put on my ponytail. Just then I felt a breeze across my back and my hair started to get pulled. The breeze must be moving the branch that my hair is tied to. It felt a bit like a lover pulling on my hair while fucking me from behind.

I took a quick second to take stock of my situation; Tied on my knees in the woods while wearing only a skimpy bikini. Wrists tied to knees, blindfolded, gagged with my own panties and pantyhose and a windblown branch pulling my hair. Yep, all good so far.

Jack started to caress my thighs again and my legs started to tremble. “You know, we’ve worked together for nearly three years and you wouldn’t even go on a date with me. And now here you are, out in the woods with me, no one else around, tied up and completely nude. Oh wait, you’re not completely nude. Guess we’ll have to fix that.” I felt Jack’s hands at the middle of my back, untying the bottom string of my top. The strings slid down my sides and I felt my breasts swing free hanging below me. I felt one hand cup my left breast while the other was behind my neck untying the other string to my top. I felt those strings slide over my shoulders and fall away. A second hand now joined the first cupping my breasts and then pinching my nipples. I started to squirm as the pinches to my nipples got harder and harder causing my nipples to do the same. God was I wet.

Just then a beeping noise started. Jack’s hands let go of my breasts and I cursed the noise for breaking the feeling. “Well I guess the first half hour is up. Doesn’t look like you’re going to be leaving, but we’ll get you moving pretty soon.” I heard some footsteps and then the alarm went quiet. I gave a half hearted attempt at pulling at my ropes as if to get loose, when all I really wanted was to get fucked, hard. After all, one has to preserve one’s dignity don’t they?

I heard some more footsteps and eventually felt Jack’s hand on my ass again. I felt him slide the fabric on both sides of my bottom toward the middle until it was nothing more than a glorified thong over the crack of my ass. He slid his finger under the fabric and pulled hard so that my bottom was forced into my ass crack while the pressure pulled on my pussy. He rubbed his hand over my ass and followed the fabric of my bottom down between my legs. By this time the crotch of my unlined bikini was soaked. His hand hit the wetness of the bikini and I heard him chuckle. “Don’t worry honey, I want you too” was all I heard him say. I let out a low moan as he continued to rub my pussy through the fabric. My hips started to move involuntarily. There was no mistaking what I wanted. Suddenly he stopped and took his hands away. I felt something brush the sides of my hips and there was a pulling. A rush of cool air let me know that my bottom had just been untied and fallen down. Well, the front of it had fallen down, the back was still wedged in my ass. I realized my bikini bottom was now hanging from my ass like some kind of obscene pennant. It stayed like that for a minute or two. Then I felt the bottom grow snug against my pussy and being pulled towards my breasts. He was pulling off my bottom by slowly pulling it along my ass and pussy. The feel of the fabric rubbing my clit almost made me come right there but the sensation was over before I could.

I shivered as I realized I was now tied nude in the woods; alone with a man who I didn’t know outside of work, and hornier than I had ever been in my life.

I heard some footsteps and then heard Jack speaking slowly “As I was saying. You know, we’ve worked together for nearly three years and you wouldn’t even go on a date with me. And now here you are, out in the woods with me, no one else around, tied up and completely nude. From the look, sounds and smell of it you seem to be having a pretty good time. Are You?” I nodded my head up and down hard enough that I heard the leaves on the branch my hair was tied to rustling. It hurt but I wanted to get my point across. “Well, it seems like you should probably be punished for making us wait this long and wasting this much time.” I couldn’t have agreed more and nodded my head again.

Just then I felt a pain in my ass like a formation of bees had stung it all at one time. The panties and pantyhose in my mouth absorbed some of the curses coming from my throat but the intent was probably clear. “I think that three years of working together with three weeks of vacation each year that we could have been spending with each other adds up to about 9 whippings with one of these belts of yours as a start. Don’t you?” I shook my head and immediately felt another pain across my ass just below the first one. I bucked, cursed, shook my head pulling my hair and struggled as I hard as I could. I was being whipped with one of the belts I had brought with me. I hadn’t counted on this and I was on the verge of panicking. There was a silence as my struggles slowed. The new pain in my ass still hurt like a burn but the older one had started to turn into a warm glow. I calmed down a bit more as I felt Jack’s hand rubbing over my sore ass. “That beautiful ass of yours turns red very nicely” I heard his voice say. His caressing hand eased the pain but what kind of a thing is that to say? Your beautiful ass is fun to beat? Strangely, it made me feel kind of good.

“Well, if you don’t think 9 whippings with the belt is the right punishment, do you think it should be more?” Jack asked. I didn’t know what to do. His hand rubbing on my hot and hurting ass felt good, and a small part of me wanted to see if I could take more blows with the belt, but I didn’t know if I could or not. I shook my head to the more than 9 hoping he’d go lower than the original 9. Instead he just said “Right, 9 it is!” and laid another blow across my ass above the first 2.

By the sixth blow I was sobbing. I had given up trying to support my upper body and its weight now hung by my hair. Jack had stopped after blows number 4  and number 6 to rub my ass and calm me down. My body lurched forward in pain again as the seventh blow landed but this one was different. This blow was bigger and softer. He was using his hand to spank me but the blow landed right on top of the stripes from the belt reigniting those flames. Two more fast swats and my ass was on fire all over and I was sobbing just as hard or harder again. I was off in my own world of pain and starting to feel a relief and pride at having taken all 9 swats. I was actually starting to enjoy the fact I had been whipped and spanked. Everything in my mind and body was churning.

The words “I hope your ass turns out that red in these pictures” jarred me from my stupor. Jack was taking photos of me and my freshly beaten spread ass. I felt an instant wave of humiliation sweep over me. If it wasn’t for the pantyhose tied over my head and the blindfold, anyone could recognize me. God, could they recognize me anyway? I’m being photographed with my own camera like some sort of trophy slut. I felt so used, but I also wanted to see those photos.

I felt something tugging at the side of my head and the pantyhose wrapped around my chin loosened. I realized Jack was unwinding it and then he cut the panty part from over my head while still leaving my hair tied above and one leg gagging me. I instantly knew he was taking the pantyhose and blindfold off my head so he could get photos with my face showing. I started to whimper in shame when I felt another sudden jerk of my head. “Don’t worry slut. I’ll leave the blindfold and gag on this time. I just want some better photos of your head and those tits hanging down.” I know it sounds silly but I found myself being grateful to him that he wasn’t taking the blindfold off.

I heard Jack circle me a few times and I assume he was taking more photos. I started shifting my legs a little wider apart and sticking my chest out so my tits would hang down lower. My back was starting to ache from trying to hold my upper body up but the pain just sort of blended into everything else. I heard a noise directly beneath my head and then felt a hand grab my left breast. A tongue flicked over my semi-erect nipple a few times and then a mouth started to suck on it. A wave of adrenalin and hormones went crashing to every part of my body in response. After about thirty seconds Jack stopped sucking on my now hard nipple and I screamed into the gag as a clothespin clamped down on the nipple. I instinctively started to shake my breasts hoping the clothespin would fly off but of course it didn’t. After a minute or two Jack repeated the process with my right nipple. After I calmed down from that I felt my head pulled up slightly and another jerk of movement. Jack had cut whatever had my hair tied off above and my upper body dropped to the ground, landing right on those sore nipples.

I heard him walking around me again and I assume he was taking more photos of this new position. At one point he repositioned my head and my still ponytailed hair. My back muscles were a starting to quiet down and the pain in my nipples had turned into a constant throb instead of an outrage. I was so confused I didn’t care how he posed my body for photos. Besides, I could trust Jack, couldn’t I?

I laid like that for awhile without moving just trying to rest. Jack let me rest like that until I felt his hands behind my head untying the leg of my pantyhose that held my panties in my mouth. He lifted up my head by the chin and commanded “Open”. I opened my mouth and he gently pulled the pantyhose from my mouth. Then his fingers parted my lips and he pulled my panties from my mouth. They had long since lost any taste and were now just a slimy wet ball of lace. I moved my mouth around trying to get used to the absence of the invader when he commanded “Open” again. I opened my mouth and he trickled some of my cold bottled water into my mouth. He kept feeding me swallows of water until I shook my head. I hadn’t realized how the evening sun and our activities had dehydrated me. I felt a sharp slap on each side of my ass and yelped. My poor bottom was still plenty sore. “What do you say to your Master for giving you water slut?” I managed to get “Thank You Master” to come out of my mouth. Jack rubbed the side of my face and asked “Is your mouth good and wet now slut?” I knew what he was getting at and even though I felt tired I felt obliged to respond “Yes Master”. “Good, then let’s put it to use shall we?”

I knew what was coming but I really didn’t. I had never seen Jack’s cock and had no idea how big or small it was. I felt my head being raised by my hair as Jack pulled my ponytail up. I instinctively dropped my jaw waiting for what I knew was coming. I’ve never much cared for sucking cock and usually tried to plead poor knowledge of the subject. I always thought my husband had been well endowed until I had some other experiences and learned it wasn’t so. My ex-boyfriend had been bigger but still not huge. I just hoped Jack didn’t have a baseball bat in his pants. OK, so maybe I really hoped he did, I just didn’t want it in my mouth.

I felt something slide over my lower lip and tongue as Jack slid his cock in my mouth. I instinctively closed my lips around it as much as I could. Jack’s cock wasn’t huge but it wasn’t tiny either. I guess it was a bit wider than one of those lengths of sausage you buy in those one pound cryopacks at the grocery store. I was trying to get used to the intruder resting on my tongue when I heard Jack’s voice say “Swirl your tongue around it and breathe through your nose. Whenever you have a cock in your mouth you need to breathe through your nose.” I tried to maneuver my tongue around the head of his cock and took a few breaths. After a couple of minutes I felt his cock slide further into my mouth until it hit the back of my throat. “Now when I pull my cock back I want you to suck on it” was Jack’s next command. He pulled his cock back and I sucked him as he did. We got into a bit of a slow rhythm and he started to speed up a bit. I stopped trying to use my tongue and concentrated on breathing and sucking.

His cock was sliding in and out of my mouth fairly quickly and the tip of it was not just hitting the back of my throat, it was starting to try to bend down my throat. I felt his hand grab the hair at the front of my scalp and lift my head up by my bangs. The back of my skull was now pressed towards my shoulders straightening out my throat somewhat. His cock slid further down my throat and I started to gag, then panic. He pulled his cock out slightly and reminded me to breathe though my nose. After I settled down he slid his cock back in. I started to gag again but with less panic. He pulled his cock back out slightly and then slid it back in. After several more tries I was able to control my gag reflex pretty well and Jack started to pick up the pace. In a few minutes he was fucking my throat and I was mindlessly sucking his cock and gasping breaths. After what seemed like an hour, but was probably only a few minutes, he pulled his cock out of my mouth and said “Not bad but we’ll have to work some more to get it all the way down your throat.” It was then I realized that my nose hadn’t bumped into his body once during the whole cocksucking session. Just how long was his cock anyway?

He released my hair and my body drooped to the ground. I heard him move but didn’t pay much attention as I tried to catch my breath and recuperate. I jumped as I felt something touch my ass cheek. His hands were spreading my ass cheeks and rubbing them. “Are these still tender?” I heard him ask as he slapped my right cheek. The slap brought back the pain from the whipping and I winced. My left cheek felt another hard slap and I heard Jack ask “Well, are they?”. I managed to think and uttered a “Yes, Master”.

I felt his hand rubbing my pussy and his fingers sliding between my lips. I realized that my pussy was as wet as I could ever remember it being. “Are you ready for the next event?” were his next words. Before those words could even register I felt the head of his cock against my pussy. It slipped in easily, stretching me enough to feel really good without being painful. He teased me for the next few minutes sliding his cock into my pussy a little way and then pulling it out. I was busy mumbling a string of “Oh Gods” and “Oh yes’s”. His hands grabbed my hips tighter and he slammed the full length of his cock into my pussy. The combined feelings of his cock sliding through my sex and his hips bouncing off my sore ass were lost in the shuffle when I felt the head of his cock bounce off my cervix. People may tell you that it’s impossible to gasp and shriek at the same time but I did it at that moment.

Jack started fucking me hard and fast as my mind filled with a tornado of pain, previously unknown pleasure, lust and amazement. The lust took over quickly and my body was moving backwards to meet Jack’s thrusts. Words and expletives that I hadn’t formed started to come out of my mouth amidst a continual groan/moan. Jack’s pace quickened even more and I turned into a lust filled ragdoll. My pussy tightened and I heard Jack uttering his own string of guttural sounds and expletives. Jack’s hips continued to batter my sore ass. My nipples throbbed, his cock sawed at my tightening pussy and the head of his cock continued to hit bottom. He was fucking me like a machine now while my body managed to bounce forwards and backwards to meet him. On one thrust the head of his cock actually forced my cervix open and the sensation sent me over the edge. My body shook like it was gripped by seizures and I vaguely recall feeling spurts of warm wetness inside me. Flashes of light were going off in my mind or eyes like the paparazzi were photographing some starlet. My body slumped forward and I felt Jack’s cock slip from my pussy. He started sliding it along the crack of my ass letting the last few drops of cum fall on my skin.

My body lay slumped on the ground, still wracked by shudders but otherwise feeling unable to move. Jack knelt behind me and pulled my shoulders up so that my back leaned against his chest. He cupped his left hand over my mouth and removed the clothespins from my nipples. I screamed into his hand at each removal and then felt his hands massaging my breasts. He started kissing the side of my neck as his hands trailed over my body. We were both covered with a sheen of sweat and his hands literally glided over my stomach, thighs and breasts. I felt complete ecstasy and just wanted to savor every moment. Jack propped me up a bit so that I was supporting my own weight. My ass was on the ground between my ankles and with my hands still tied to my knees I was a bit slouched over. I rocked gently as I started to hear the sounds around me again and feel Jack’s cum oozing from my pussy. I heard Jack moving about and when he told me to lift my head up I realized he was taking more photos of me. I didn’t care at that point and realized I actually wanted him to take the photos of this moment. It was like some crowning achievement I wanted captured on film. My back straightened and chest stuck itself out. I found a smile on my face and relished the feeling.

I felt a few tugs on the ropes still holding my ankles and assumed Jack was untying me after a job well done. He knelt back down behind me and resumed his kissing and the manual exploration of my body. His hand tried to slide under my thigh and I raised myself up a bit to allow it. It was then I felt the rope slide over and down the inside of my thigh. The rope was pulled under my thigh and then around my shin by his right hand while his left hand caressed my left breast. I felt the rope being wrapped around the parts of my leg two more times but didn’t think about it. I was enjoying this moment and the feel of Jack’s hand on my body. The rope pulled tight and Jack’s hands left my body to cinch the rope between my ankle and my thigh and tie it into a knot. I subconsciously tilted my blindfolded head down as if to watch him tie the knot. Jack moved to the left side of my body and repeated the procedure with my left ankle and thigh. My ankles were now securely tied to the outside of my upper thighs. A pool of Jack’s cum had formed beneath my pussy and I shifted my weight around smearing it on my pussy like a kid playing in a puddle.

Jack untied my hands from my knees and I lifted them up to stretch. After a couple of stretches and some rubbing of my arms I started to reach for the blindfold. Jack softly grabbed my hands and whispered “Not yet”. I protested that it must be getting dark by now, we should probably leave, but Jack whispered “A little while longer”. He guided my arms down by my sides and resumed kissing my neck on the other side and exploring my body with his hands. His hands started to caress my shoulders and pulled them back. His hands slipped under my arms and up to my shoulders easing them back towards him even further. It was like part of a massage and the stretching and rubbing felt really divine. I felt something slip between my arms and my back and with a few quick movements Jack had looped a belt around my upper arms. He pulled it around my arms again so that it was a double loop around my arms. He started to tighten it drawing my elbows back towards each other. I heard him whisper “Nod when it gets too tight” as he continued to draw the slack out of the belt. I nodded when my shoulders reached the start of real discomfort and felt Jack working with the belt. He must have buckled it somehow because there was no give.

Jack’s hands slid down to my hands and placed them together palm facing palm. I felt rope being looped around my wrists and my hands were soon tied together. His arms traced their way up my arms and again found my breasts. I let out another contented sigh as his palms slid over my recovering nipples. His hands left me and I felt a rope across my upper back sliding up under my arms. He looped the rope in front of and over my shoulders and I felt my arms being moved by the belt around them. He looped the ends of the rope around the belt between my elbows, cinching the belt and making it tighter while insuring it couldn’t slip down my arms. He stood up and I could hear him walking around me. I assumed he was admiring his handiwork and taking some more photos. I sensed him in front of me and when he told me to open my mouth I assumed I was in for another oral lesson. Instead I felt something wet being shoved in my mouth and was quickly regagged with my panties, secured again with a leg of my pantyhose.

Jack slid his hands under my armpits and lifted me so that I was on my kneecaps. He then started to pull me forward and laid me down on my stomach. The strain on my bound legs was uncomfortable but the rest of my body was prone for the first time in a couple of hours. Jack moved back to my knees and I felt a tug at the rope that was still tied to my right knee and had secured my hand. He pushed my legs together and I felt him lift my legs onto his knees. The rope from my right knee was quickly wrapped under, around and up my legs securing them tightly together. The rope from my left knee was wrapped around my legs in the opposite direction further tightening the bind. Jack rolled me onto my side and balanced me as he worked something under my stomach. A belt soon circled my waist and I felt him buckle it in front. The rope still tied to my ponytail was pulled back pulling my head back and straightening my neck. I felt the rope brush over my arms and he fed it between my bound thighs. The rope was pulled tight into the crack of my ass and between my sopping wet pussy lips. His hand then fed the rope under the belt at my waist and tied the rope off to the belt making a nice tight crotch rope. He rolled me back down onto my stomach and I discovered that any movement of my head or my arms would cause the rope to rub against my clit. I squirmed around a bit exploring the sensation and trying to decide whether it was good or bad.

I stopped my squirming when Jack started unbuckling the blindfold that had covered my eyes all this time. When he slowly lowered the blindfold away it took me a few minutes to get my eyes adjusted. The sky was red with the setting sun and I realized that this adventure was almost over. I heard something flop down next to me and jerked my head around to look. The jerking of my head pulled the crotch rope reminding both my pussy and scalp that they were attached. Jack had dropped my empty duffel bag next to me and was now spreading it out on the ground with the open zipper on top. He stood up and looked at it and then at me lying on the ground. He did that a couple more times visually comparing me to the bag. “Yep, should work” he said. Jack looked down at me with a smile on his face “Well, Slut Sara, time to get you packed up to take back to my place for 3 days of pleasing your new Master”.

I looked at him and then at the duffel bag and started struggling as hard as I could. “Like Hell” I said or tried to say through the gag. My struggles pulled the ropes at my scalp, my pussy, my arms and my legs but it didn’t matter. “There’s no fucking way I’m letting him take me anywhere and use me for three days” was racing through my mind. While I was struggling hard and getting nowhere my mind actually realized what I was fighting against. It was one of those “Duh” moments and I stopped struggling to think about it. I laid still for a minute and then managed to roll up onto my side so the duffel bag could be put under me. I looked at Jack and nodded my head pulling the rope against my hardening clit in the process.
