---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hole in my Bag
authors:
- Thomas Denny
tags:
- Sbm
- spandex
- leotard
- pantyhose
- bagged
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2007-11-18 00:00:00
---

Nothing to do tonight. I've been divorced so
long it seems like forever. So I do what I usually do when I'm bored and
horny. I get the ropes and pantyhose out of the drawer and get ready to
have some good intense orgasms. Self-bondage can make me have the most
intense orgasms I have ever had. I don't know if it's the straining against
the ropes are just not having any control. It's just great.

Tonight I felt like added a little something to
it. I decided to put on a pair of tights and leotards. There's nothing
like having that feel of material against my body and the tight crotch
pulling against my penis. The only bad thing is it can make me orgasm quicker.
I picked out black tights and a black long sleeve spandex leotard. Black is my
favorite color as far as tights and leotards.

I went to the bedroom and slipped them on and
put my penis down between my legs. The further down I can tuck it between
my legs the easier it is to orgasm. The tight crotch of the leotard holds
it in place. I walked around the house in my outfit for awhile looking
in every mirror to see how I looked. I was already getting hard so I knew
it wouldn't take long for that first burst of sperm to come shooting out.
I just couldn't decide how to tie myself up.

I decided to live dangerously and use a giant
trash bag to put myself in. You have to be very careful with this one so
you can always get air in the bag. I'm not real short, but short enough
to fit in one of those big leaf bags you can buy. I went back to the bedroom
and sat down in the middle of the bed. I had everything I needed close
at hand.

I tied my ankles together as tight as they could
with a pair of pantyhose and put a piece of tape around the knot so it
wouldn't be so easy to untie them. I opened the trash bag and crawled in
feet first finally kneeling on the inside of the bag. Everything I need
I pull inside the bag with me and I already have another pair of pantyhose
wrapped around one of my wrists so I won't lose it.

Now the tricky part. I get the open end of the
trash bag and twist it together from the inside. It sounds hard but it's
not. Then you can just tape the twisted part and it will stay closed tight.
Now I can't see anything, believe me those bags won't let any light in
and they are hot. I slipped my spandex hood over my face and down underneath
the neck of my leotard. By this time I have to be careful not to have an
orgasm before I'm ready which happens all the time. I get so excited and
just the slightest movement makes my legs rub together and I don't last
long squeezing my penis that tight.

Now all I have to do is put my hands behind my
back and put the other hand in the loop of the rope. Then I wrap the excess
around the middle of the rope and put a piece of tape around it all. Now
I'm completely tied up with no place to go. It's really very simple. However,
it can be scary. If it takes a lot to make you have an orgasm it seems
like your going to run out of air. Nevertheless, that's part of the excitement.

This time once I was tied up I lay there for a
minute squeezing my legs together and getting that sperm to start moving.
I got up on my knees and squeezed some more and I could feel it running
up my shaft and out into the crotch of my leotard and tights. Warm, wet
and sticky. It was so good and it felt like I was never going to stop.
I was moving around a lot in my little bag. And sweating. I was drenched
from all the moving around.

I think I moved too much. I couldn't find
the twisted part of the bag. I can usually feel it with my head if I don't
move around too much. I was trying to find it and I guess I moved too much.
I fell off the bed and hit the floor. Now I was really lost. I panicked
and couldn't get my hands untied. The more I tried the tighter the rope
became. Somehow during all my moving around I managed to move the bag just
enough so when I stretched my legs out again my foot was able to tear through
the bag.

Cool fresh air finally. It felt so good on my
sweat soaked tights and leotards. It took me another couple of minutes
to work my way out of the bag. Nevertheless, that's still half the fun
of it. Once I got out of the bag I was able to get my feet loose. However,
I still couldn't get my hands free. This wouldn't be the first time that
had happened. I made it up on my feet and followed the wall into the kitchen
to get a knife.

The easy part was getting in the kitchen. The
hard part was opening the drawers and finding a knife. With my hands tied
tightly behind my back it's almost impossible to grip anything. However,
I finally managed to get a knife. Getting back down on my knees I put the
knife between my feet and squeezed tight trying to hold on to the knife.
It took a little time to cut through the rope but I did. I also had another
orgasm kneeling on the floor squeezing my legs holding on to the knife
just about the exact time I cut through the rope. I was already so wet
it didn't make any difference.

I got up enough energy to stand up and pulled
my hood off and immediately saw that I had forgotten to close the kitchen
and dining room curtains. If anyone had happened to walk by or be in the
garage next door they had seen me put on a good show. Oh well too late
to worry about it now. I was so worn out that I just walked back to the
bedroom; my leotard and tights were making squishing noises every step
I took. I laid a towel on the bed so my sperm wouldn't leak down to the
mattress and went to sleep. The only bad thing was that I was so sticky
went I woke up. It was shower time fully clothed in my tights and leotard,
of course.
