---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/power_over_men.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Power Over Men
authors:
- Nickerlas
tags:
- FF/m
- MF/f
- bondage
- leather
- cons
- X
date: 2004-01-01 00:00:00
---

**Power Over Men**
by Nickerlas
Jackie's Surprise by Boundfellow
I first wrote this story almost a decade ago and it acquired something
of a cult following in S&M circles for a while, particularly among
women.  I even heard that a back-street workshop in Manchester was
making saddle-stools!

Power Over Men by Nickerlas
**1 Marble**

Holiday clothes for a fortnight, typewriter, paper, sketchbook, walking
boots, half the contents of the local Library – it all went into the back
of the Traveller along with the jack, spare tyre, toolkit and starting
handle.  I closed the rear doors with a cheerful air of achievement. 
The old car started reliably first go, so I jammed on a pair of sunglasses,
chucked my leather jacket into the back seat and let in the clutch. The
car is important to this story, so I’d better describe it.  I once
saw a clip of Dame Edna Everidge walking round Stratford-upon-Avon admiring
the half-timbered buildings, when a Morris Traveller pulled out of a side
street.  “Oh look, there’s a half-timbered car!” she chirruped. 
It was one of those, the ash-framed van version of the post-war Morris
1000.  Mine was originally built in 1967 so was already an old lady
when I bought her.  Owners call them moggy or woody but I called mine
Bertha and loved her dearly.

There are many, many downsides to being a Maths teacher, like rotten
pay, repetitive work and the constant struggle with opaque brains, but
there are a few advantages.  You get long summer holidays and you
don’t have to spend them researching new set books for next year. 
I was off for a couple of weeks of total relaxation in a rented cottage
in the north of England. Well, Bertha may have been eminently loveable
but she wasn’t exactly zippy.  I ate my picnic lunch near Leicester
and stopped for tea in a café under the walls of Richmond Castle. 
Children were splashing in the Swale far below.

From Richmond I decided to take what on the map looked to be a more
direct route on small roads over the hills that might suit Bertha better
than the A1.  It proved to be an auspicious choice. We climbed up
the side of the dale on a narrow road past old lead workings and were soon
crossing vast expanses of empty moorland purple with heather.  That’s
where Bertha died.  The engine just stopped.  Repeated use of
the starter had no effect.  I rolled her downhill to where the road
crossed a beck with a narrow stone bridge, pulled up on the verge and opened
the bonnet.  Everything looked OK, but I haven’t a clue about engines. 
I wiggled a few wires, checked the radiator water, shut the bonnet and
tried the starter again.  Not a cough.  The fuel guage read three-quarters
full, and I’d filled up in Leicester so I believed it.

 Damn.

 Stuck.

The valley I was in gave sufficient shelter for trees to grow along
the beck.  I used one for a call of nature and found a farm track
and a rotten, once-painted board reading ‘High Withies’.  Then I went
back and sat in the car to wait for a skilled motor-engineer to come by.
An hour later, and no car of any sort had come by.  This was looking
serious.  It was nearly eight o’clock and I was deep in the Pennines
of North Yorkshire with only an hour or so of daylight.  And without
food.
 I stuck on my jacket, locked up the car and set off up the track. 
Tracks usually lead somewhere after all and quite soon I came to a little
group of stone buildings on the hillside.  Even a barn would be more
comfortable to sleep in than Bertha.

Another board nailed to a gate, in rather better condition, proclaimed
this farmstead as High Withies, so I went through and scouted round. 
Sure enough there was a farmhouse there, with a cable looping towards it. 
Power, then, and new paint on the door, efficient-looking shutters on the
downstairs windows and curtains upstairs, but it looked dark and deserted. 
I knocked anyway, and was answered with some noises from behind the shutters. 
Someone was there, I could maybe beg food and shelter.  I cheered
up considerably and knocked again. The door eventually opened a few inches
against a chain and a woman’s voice said ‘Yes?’

I was so relieved to have found a fellow human being that I rather babbled. 
The car had broken down, I needed help, could I use their phone, etc. 
When I stopped, there was a silence signifying thought.

‘We don’t have a phone here.  You had better come in’.  It
wasn’t a Yorkshire accent – BBC, with perhaps a trace of Europe. 
The door closed again, then opened fully to reveal a youngish, rather severe-looking
woman with cropped hair, slippers, black trousers and a huge white pullover
stretching almost to her knees.  ‘Come into the front room where I
can have a good look at you, the hallway’s too dark’.

It was only when she opened the room door that I got the first inkling
that this wasn’t a normal hill-farm establishment.  Her trousers were
skin-tight leather, polished to a shine that glittered in the bright light!
In those days leather clothing was pretty uncommon and even jackets like
mine were considered a bit racy in some circles.  I’d never seen anyone
actually wearing leather trousers!

 ‘Sit down and relax.  Would you like a drink?  Tea,
or something stronger?  We can do whisky or G&T, I’m afraid no
beer.’  I chose the scotch with a smile oozing charm and gratitude
and she disappeared into an adjoining kitchen.  The sofa she had indicated
was wooden and heavily built, almost like a solid, domestic version of
a park bench, and was smothered in cushions.  I sank into it and closed
my eyes.  Bertha’s problems could wait. The woman reappeared with
a tumbler a third full of whisky and a jug, and splashed in some water
at my request.  I took a fair mouthful of the golden liquid and stretched
out my legs.

 ‘Ahh…  Just what I needed.  You saved my life!’

 She grinned and pulled up a stool opposite.  ‘Now tell me
the story again, starting with who you are, what you do and where you are
going.’

 Her thighs had appeared from under the jersey, looking like polished
black marble.

 ‘Harry Carpenter.  I teach maths in a secondary school in
London, the East End.  I was on my way north for a couple of weeks’
rest, but it seems my car wanted it more than me.  Stopped dead. 
She’s down by the bridge, probably chuckling to herself at having gained
the upper hand at last.  I love your trousers.’

 That kind of throwaway compliment usually produced a quick grin
but what I actually got was a half-smile and a steady, rather appraising
look.  She was perhaps in her late thirties, not all that much older
than me, and if her legs were anything to go by there was a pretty trim
body hidden away under that sweater.

 ‘Call me Liz,’ she said.  ‘The East End sounds tough. 
I teach too.  German.  Jane does PE and sport, mostly. 
She’s upstairs in the bath.  This is our home from home.’

 ‘You own it?’

 She nodded.  ‘Jointly.  You are into leather?’

 The directness of the question embarrassed me.  ‘Just the
jacket, and that cost more than I could afford,’ I said, trying for a weak
laugh.  She gave a broad smile which reassured me not at all and got
up with a delicious creak.

 ‘I’ll tell Jane you’re here, don’t go away’

 ‘Not likely.’ I was thinking of Bertha silent at the roadside.

 Again that cool look from Liz before the door shut behind her.

\*

 The room I was in was very traditional Yorkshire hill farm, with
a high ceiling spanned by a heavy central oak beam studded with iron hooks
and supported on the chimney breast at one end and an oak post against
the wall at the other. A fairly modern stove burned efficiently within
the old stone fireplace and an oak-panelled thing that looked like a wardrobe
stood against one wall.  Two tough armchairs matched the sofa I was
sitting on, both equally laden with cushions, and a big footstool like
an upholstered low table stood nearby.  It was a strange assortment.

 Then my attention was caught by two unusual objects in a corner,
and I went over to look more closely.  They were high stools, converted
out of office-type ‘draughtsman’ chairs, the kind that swivels round and
has a ring a foot or so off the ground to rest your feet on.  The
whole seat assembly had been removed and replaced with a narrow racing-type
bicycle saddle!  The saddles and foot-rests were both adjusted to
different heights, presumably tailored for each of the girls.
 I couldn’t help visualising Liz sitting on one in her tight trousers.
Then I started wondering why they had done it, and what it would feel like. 
I tried it; not very comfortable but strangely sexy, probably even more
so if one was female.

 The stools were drawn up against a shelf built across the deep
alcove beside the chimney breast, rather like a dining shelf in a seedy
burger bar.  Apart from a pack of cards the shelf was empty. 
Did Liz and her friend Jane really while away their evenings perched on
deliberately uncomfortable stools playing cards?  And side by side? 
What card games are played side by side?
 Liz was back in the room before I had time to climb off the stool
so I swivelled round and tried to look as if I often sat on such things.

 ‘I see you are making yourself at home,’ she said, her eyes now
positively twinkling.  ‘This is Jane.’

 Jane turned out to be a long white bathrobe with a pleasant open
face showing under a towel turban.  She was taller than Liz and maybe
slimmer but the clothing didn’t help precise analysis.  The face was
grinning with a little secret smile that made me think these two had been
planning something that in some way involved me.  I hoped it was supper,
but somehow it didn’t look that way. I was wrong, however.  Liz was
suddenly back to her efficient manner.

 ‘We have been discussing your problem,’ she said crisply, ‘and
you must obviously stay here for tonight.  Have you eaten this evening?’ 
I said not.  ‘OK then, I will make some food for us while Jane gets
dressed.  After supper we normally play a few games.  Please
join in if you wish.’

 ‘Happy to,’ I said.  Most card games are better with more
people and I knew a few card tricks that might amuse them.  Life was
looking very promising just at that moment. They left, but Jane stuck her
turban back through the door.  ‘Squirm about a bit,’ she said with
a wink.  And disappeared.

\*

 Supper turned out to be a hotpot of potatoes, mushrooms, tomato
and German sausage, with fresh bread, salad and a cup of coffee to finish. 
It was absolutely what I needed.  Jane was still wearing her wrap
but had emerged from her turban and now had fair hair cut short to the
neck which I thought very attractive and told her so.  Again the compliment
didn’t quite work as I’d expected, and I began to wonder whether these
two were perhaps lesbians.  I knew such people existed, but I’d never
knowingly met one.  They seemed very friendly and attentive nevertheless
and throughout the meal, eaten round a wooden table in the kitchen, we
swapped classroom stories and assassinated colleagues in the way of teachers
everywhere.  A bottle of cheap red wine had been produced and by the
end of the meal I felt we were all the greatest of friends.

 Jane disappeared upstairs ‘to finish dressing’ and Liz started
moving furniture.  The door opened, Jane walked in and I was struck
speechless. From her neck to her high-heeled boots she could have been
sprayed with gloss black paint!  Leather clung to every part of her
body, and what a body!  That girl was fit!  High, rounded bum,
flat well-muscled stomach, small but beautifully evident breasts and long,
long legs to die for.

 ‘Wow!’

 She stretched out her arms and revolved slowly, giving me the
full benefit.  ‘Like it?’

 ‘Wow.’

 ‘We got them specially made,’ she giggled girlishly.  ‘Liz
has one too.’

 I turned then, following her gaze, and saw Liz was pulling off
the sweater she’d been hiding in all evening.  The effect was equally
stunning!  Liz had more of an hourglass figure, bigger breasts and
hips and a sensational waist.  I looked from one to the other in total
amazement, shaking my head slowly from side to side and saying Wow at intervals.
The girls were obviously delighted with the effect they were having and
I began to realise something of what they had been planning.  I started
wondering what kind of ‘games’ Liz had meant, but just then she bent down
in front of me to put on her own pair of high-heeled boots and every thought
fled from my brain.  In a kind of trance I ran my hand over her bum
and thighs, I honestly couldn’t resist the feel of that wonderful material!

 Liz snapped the last of her boot fixings and straightened up. 
She seemed to have ignored my hand altogether but the twinkle was back
in her eye and I was pretty sure she had orchestrated the whole thing deliberately. 
It was Jane, however, who spoke next.

 ‘Carpenter,’ she murmured thoughtfully.  ‘Are you good at
wood, Mr. Carpenter?’

 My brain was swirling.  Why was she suddenly talking about
carpentry?  I tried to focus on her question.

 ‘Reliable, mostly.  Hopeless with metal or engines, I’m afraid,
but wood is a much more sympathetic, friendly material.  Why do you
ask?’

 She smiled and drifted away to hang a cushion neatly over the
back of a chair.  Strange woman.

 ‘As you see,’ Liz interrupted, ‘this is a leather evening and
I’m afraid we must insist on proper dress.  You must wear leather
clothes only, Mr. Carpenter.’

 ‘What?’

 Was she drunk?  Was I drunk, come to that?  This wasn’t
real.

 ‘But I don’t have…’

 ‘Leather clothes only,’ she repeated in the sort of voice that
quells chalkface riots.  ‘Jane, give Mr. Carpenter the clothes we
chose for him’.

 Jane collected a bulging carrier bag from just outside the door
and handed it over.  ‘You can change in the kitchen.’

 This was an impossible situation.  I laughed rather hollowly
and spread my arms.  ‘No, I really don’t think, I mean, surely, I
mean, you can’t really expect…..’

 Liz’s big, persuasive smile was back.  ‘Harry Carpenter,’
she said.  ‘Are a few clothes too much to ask?  We like leather. 
We have a thing about it.  We’d really love you to join in. 
Or perhaps you’d prefer to spend the evening in your car?’ she added sweetly.

 Well, put like that I could see it would be churlish to refuse. 
Besides, I had another problem which had been growing ever since Jane made
her dramatic entrance and I was afraid that one or other of the girls would
soon notice the bulge.  To be honest, I was also rather turned on
by the prospect of wearing the leather clothes.  The bag seemed mainly
to contain a pair of trousers with some other things folded underneath. 
I capitulated with good grace and a broad, easy smile.

 ‘OK then, but they probably won’t fit very well so don’t laugh
when I come back!  And could I perhaps change in the bathroom, I could
do with a quick wash or a shower?’

 ‘Top of the stairs on your right.’ They were positively bubbling
with excitement at having won so easily.  ‘There’s a shower over the
bath.  Don’t be too long.’

\*

 Upstairs in the shower I wondered how I’d got myself into this
weird situation.  Had we been talking at cross-purposes all the time? 
What prompted these two extraordinary women to buy skin-tight leather body-suits
and show them off to a total stranger?  What was the game?  Clearly
there was high-charge eroticism going on, the air positively crackled with
it, but like most men I had very little knowledge of female fantasies and
hadn’t a clue where I fitted into the picture.  Was I going to end
up in bed with one or even both of them, or was I just a pawn in some secret
chess-game?  Did they even fancy me at all?  It was like a simultaneous
equation with dozens of unknowns!

 None of this helped my personal problem which was rock-hard and
projecting far out of the shower spray.  This could be exceedingly
embarrassing.  I tried spraying it with cold water without any noticeable
effect.  I’d better get dressed, two women were waiting for me downstairs,
delicious, curvy, tight, shiny.…Oh, God!

 I tipped the clothes out on the floor.  The trousers turned
out to be just legs and waistband, the front and back were missing! 
Desperately I searched for something to cover my immodesty, and found a
thong pantie and a pair of extra-short shorts.  The thong was utterly
inadequate.  I’m rather more heavily endowed than most men and in
my present state several inches of prime dick stuck out over the leather
triangle; and although the rest of my family jewels were covered (just)
I could see in the full-length mirrors that everything was exposed to side
view.  I kept them on anyway, they at least helped hold things more
or less in place. The hotpants would have been a perfect fit if the tailoring
had allowed for the sort of excess baggage I was carrying in front – every
detail was clearly reproduced through the thin stretched leather! 
The central seam divided my balls into two distinct mounds then profiled
my swollen member all the way up to its abrupt termination at the waistband. 
It was completely, utterly indecent.  Damn those women!  Then
some of the alcohol I’d drunk came to my rescue and I giggled.  OK,
fair enough, I thought.  They exposed themselves to me, I can’t really
grumble if they want to see me exposed too.  Let’s hope they’re properly
impressed!

“Good at wood”?  Could she possibly have meant….?

 The leather chaps must have been Jane’s, the length was fine and
there was enough play in the belt to reach round my waist.  Above
the knee they fitted skin-tight!  Just the idea that these were women’s
clothes was proving quite a turn-on. Next came a waistcoat which fastened
with snaps, but only one pair came anywhere near meeting over my chest
and even they popped open when I took a deep breath.  I left it loose.
The last item was a pair of open-toed sandals which I actually managed
to put on reasonably comfortably by adjusting the straps, despite their
being at least two sizes too small.  They had a built-up heel, not
more than an inch or so but enough to encourage smaller steps than my usual
lazy stride.  Perhaps I was being deliberately feminised?  The
mirror reassured me on that point at least – no-one could be said to be
feminised with such an evident erection straining to be noticed! 
Actually, I thought, the overall effect complete with hairy chest and bare
arms was pretty lethally macho.  I grinned at my reflection. 
 ‘Shall we join the ladies?’

**2 Jaguar**

 ‘Ta-Daaa!’  My grand entrance was greeted by a burst of clapping
and excited smiles, but as I crossed the room towards them their eyes dropped
to my crotch and they both seemed to go quiet.  Women with ample breasts
and low necklines must have the same sort of experience entering male company. 
 The tip of Jane’s tongue slowly moistened her upper lip.

 ‘Impressive, Mr. Carpenter,’ Liz said, very quietly.  Perhaps
she was wondering whether the game had gone a bit far, or maybe her familiarity
with full-blown erections was slight.  She may even have been a bit
alarmed.  Whichever, I was pretty pleased to have stunned them both
so effectively. Changes had happened while I’d been away.  A high
wooden stool had been found and squeezed between the cycle-stools. 
The sofa had been pulled forward and the chairs turned round to face the
wall, and all had big cushions draped over backs and arms.  The space
in the centre of the room, under the beam, was clear.  Also the wardrobe
doors were slightly ajar and the main lights turned off, leaving only corner
lights and a spotlight over the card table. Liz recovered quickly, climbed
up on the taller of the two cycle-stools and started sorting through the
pack of cards.  Her bum, stretching the leather, looked every bit
as enticing as I had imagined!

 ‘Please sit here, Harry,’ she said, a little breathlessly. 
‘Be quick, Jane!’  Jane was making for the door and I thought I heard
her murmur ‘Reliable, mostly!’ as she disappeared.  Soon she was back,
following the distant sound of the toilet flush, and joined us at the table. 
We must have made an odd picture sitting packed shoulder to shoulder (and
thigh to thigh!) like black sardines.  Somehow I seemed to have gained
some initiative, and I used it to put my arm across Jane’s shoulders and
whisper ‘Squirm about a bit’.  She gave me a wry grin and gently removed
the arm. Liz dealt out three cards each from a much-reduced pack.

 ‘This is a game of luck only,’ she said.  ‘There is no skill. 
That is very important, otherwise the outcome would not be…even-handed. 
As a mathematician you will know about probabilities – after many games
a player should win and lose equally.  We play only with one suit
and turn our cards one at a time, like so.’

 She turned up her top card and placed it towards the centre of
the table.  It was the eight of clubs.

 ‘I should say that there are no royal cards dealt, and the ace
counts low,’ she added.

 ‘What’s the purpose of the game?’ I asked, turning up a three
and placing it alongside hers.

 ‘The purpose, Harry, is not to lose!’ said Jane.  She added
a ten and took the trick.

 ‘What happens if you lose?’

 ‘You wish you’d won.  Play again, Lisbet!’

 It didn’t seem much of a game to me. Liz had taken no part in
this last exchange and seemed a little withdrawn.  She slowly picked
up her next card and placed it as before.  It was a five.  Mine
was a seven and Jane’s the four.  Clearly my luck was in.

 ‘What happens if we each win a trick?’ I asked.  ‘Do we count
the pips, start again or play charades instead?’

 It was Jane who explained.  Winning that first trick seemed
to have made her much more confident.  ‘Normally we play just the
two of us, so three cards gives a clear outcome.  With three people
you would probably need five cards each to guarantee a loser, but there’s
only thirteen in a suit.  Besides, we prefer not to use the royals
as they’re too distinctive.  If we get a trick each we’ll play again. 
The loser,’ she added, ‘must submit to punishment.’

 ‘Punishment?’

 ‘Severe punishment.’

 ‘How severe?’

 ‘Very severe.’

 That utterly silenced me.  God help me, this wasn’t a simple
card game – it was Russian Roulette!  And I’d cheerfully joined in! 
Perhaps it wasn’t too late, perhaps I could escape if I just rushed upstairs
and grabbed my…

 ‘Jane,’ I said, trying to appear calm.  ‘What have you done
with my clothes?’

 She giggled, and ran her fingertips slowly up my thigh and over
the bulge in my shorts.  ‘Don’t worry, they’re safely put away,’ she
cooed.  ‘But I’m sure you will enjoy your evening.  I shall call
you Woody, I think.’

 No escape, then.  I was appalled, but at the same time thrilled
in a way that was quite new.  Maybe I caught it off the girls. 
The pressure in my shorts was as fierce as before and Jane’s fingertips
weren’t helping. Liz played her last card.  Six of clubs.  I
could feel a muscle in her leg vibrating. I played the ace.  Liz was
still ahead.  The last card had to be either the two or the nine.
It lay innocently, face down on the table.  Nobody moved.  I
tried to ease the tension by leaning back a little and stroking both girls’
tight bums, but neither seemed to notice. Then, very slowly, Jane reached
forward and flipped her card over.
 Nine.

\*

 Suddenly, Jane was in complete control.
 ‘Get the loser bag, Lisbet,’

 Liz meekly eased off her stool and retrieved a black bag from
the wardrobe.

 ‘Open it.’

 She did so, carefully laying out its contents on the floor. 
There were four wide straps with buckles and rings, something that looked
like a leather bag, and assorted ropes, chains, straps and clips.

 ‘Wrist and ankles today, I think.’

 Liz dutifully buckled on the straps.

 ‘Now the hood.’

 She pulled the bag thing over her head, tightened and tied strings
at the back, and buckled straps round her neck.  It fitted perfectly. 
Apart from two holes under her nose and another larger one at her mouth
her head was completely covered.  The short haircut made sense. 
She straightened up, blind and helpless. It dawned on me that this was
not just a sexy dressing-up game, it was also about power.  Power
and trust.  And, of course, powerlessness, anticipation, adrenaline,
fear and pain.

 ‘What happens to her now?’ I asked, surprised to find myself referring
to Liz so objectively.  The hood had somehow depersonalised her.

 ‘Whatever we feel like doing.’

 ‘We?’

 ‘Of course.  You won the game too!  Bring her over to
the chair.’

 Taking an arm each we led our leather victim to one of the chairs,
clipped her ankles to the back legs, stretched her over a cushion on the
chair back and fastened her wrists as tight as we could manage to the front
legs.  She looked wonderful – wonderfully helpless and wonderfully
enticing.  What I felt like doing was fondling her, so taking Jane
at her word I pressed my crotch hard into her bum and ran my hands slowly
up her back, round under her arms and cupped her breasts.  The nipples
were hard.  I pinched them both simultaneously and elicited a most
satisfactory shudder and ‘Ach!’ noise from inside the hood.  Jane
watched with a small, perhaps wistful smile, then marched over to the wardrobe
and threw its doors wide open.

 It was a treasure house of torture equipment!  The doors
were hung with leather straps of all sizes, some thick, some pliable, some
split into thongs, some perforated, some glittering with metal studs. 
There were canes of several thicknesses and multi-strand whips and riding
crops.  There were shelves of leather garments covered in straps or
lined with spikes and shelves with steel belts, collars and fetters. 
I joined Jane at the cupboard and picked up one of the items.

 ‘What’s this for?’

 ‘Single arm glove.  It fixes to the shoulders and binds the
arms together behind your back.  Your hands fit into this pocket at
the end and the ring at the very end is for tying on a rope so your arms
can be pulled up behind.  That’s called strappado, after the medieval
torture.  Uncomfortable, but presents the bum nicely.  We’ve
got a single leg version as well that we call the Mermaid, you can really
package somebody.’

 ‘Liz was already dressed in her outfit when I arrived,’ I said
thoughtfully,  ‘So this can’t be just for my benefit.’

 ‘You’re right, it wasn’t.’

 ‘Do you really beat each other up every evening?’

 She laughed.  ‘No, of course not!  You need a few days
for the marks to go down.  Some days the loser just ends up tied naked
in the barn all evening, or stands on a stool for hours, or has to do the
housework in handcuffs and nipple clips.  Whatever takes the winner’s
fancy.  But yes, we do play the game every evening when we’re up here. 
Telly reception is terrible!’  She selected a wooden bat, like an
elongated table-tennis bat.  ‘Let’s warm her up!’

 She delivered four sharp smacks in rapid succession, while I watched
fascinated as the shiny leather flickered and shuddered.  Liz greeted
each blow with a noisy gasp.

 ‘What if she can’t take it, or has cramp or something?  Can
she stop you?’

 ‘Yes of course; we have safety words.  Like the traffic lights. 
“Red” means undo me and end the session, “Amber” means stop what you’re
doing and “Green” means I’m OK now, you can go on.  Any other words,
expletives, cries for help etc can be cheerfully ignored.’  She raised
her voice.  ‘I’m handing over control to Woody!’ and passed me the
paddle. It reminded me of the airline pilot phrase and I responded accordingly.

 ‘I have control!’ and I smacked willow on leather.

 It’s difficult to describe what I felt, beating that woman’s delicious
bum.  Imagine you’ve never owned or driven anything but old bangers
and suddenly win an E-type Jaguar! Jane stopped me after half a dozen blows.

 ‘We don’t want to damage the suit,’ she said.  ‘Lets see
what effect we’ve had.’  She felt in the seam somewhere in Liz’s lower
back and uncovered two tiny zip fasteners. Soon she had removed a whole
section of the leather exposing naked buttocks and shaved pubic area to
full view!  The bum cheeks glowed a warm red.  The pressure in
my shorts increased.

 ‘Something a little stronger now, I think.’ She swapped my paddle
for a multi-thonged flogger, and selected a thin cane for herself. 
‘Alternate shots, Woody.’

 Soon the bum was cross-hatched with dark red lines and Liz was
making a great deal of noise.  No safewords, though.  Then we
unfastened her and took her over to the oak post.  A number of stout
nails had been driven in each side and, after tying Liz’s knees and ankles
together and her wrists to her thighs, we wound a long rope round these
nails and across her body until she was completely secured.  Her sore
bum was pushed tightly against the rough timber.

 ‘Could you release her tits, Woody?  The zip starts underneath.’ 
Jane indicated the position on her own suit.

 After a bit of groping I found the zippers and slowly revealed
two delicious boobs with dark aureoles and pronounced nipples.  Somehow
the nipples got pinched again in the process! The implement Jane selected
this time was a short whip with a stout flap of leather at the end. 
She passed it to me and started clipping wooden clothes pegs first onto
the nipples and then in a horizontal line round the sides of each boob
like a contour line.

 ‘Knock all the pegs off one by one.’

 After a couple of abortive (but probably painful) efforts by me,
she suggested I try with an upstroke.  That worked better, except
for one sharp blow that missed the peg but hit the underside of the breast
causing a loud shriek.  Soon all the pegs were on the floor, Liz had
a profile of red pinch-marks and we had been treated to some very unladylike
language in both English and German.  I could see the advantages of
this remote cottage. Jane seemed keen to show me the possibilities of their
room, so we untied our victim without further damage.  She instructed
Liz to remove her boots, then deftly stripped all that remained of her
suit leaving her stark naked except for the hood.  It must have been
very embarrassing for her, with a strange man present, but if she was blushing
we couldn’t see it!  Using a stool, Jane hung a pulley on one of the
beam hooks, fed a stout rope through it, tied one end to Liz’s wrists and
handed the other to me.  ‘Pull her up until she’s standing on her
toes, then make fast to the post.’  I complied, to squeals from Liz.

 ‘Over to you,’ she said and retired to watch from the discomfort
of her cycle-stool.  She did an ostentatious squirm and grinned. 
I was still holding the whip.

 ‘Anywhere?’

 ‘Anywhere you like, but stop if you get a safeword.’

 My E-type Jag took off.  I warmed up her thighs, brightened
the colour on her bum, made a patchwork on her back, mottled her tits,
aimed direct hits on her nipples and even lifted each foot to process the
soles.  She shouted, screamed, cursed and ordered me to stop, but
never mentioned Red or even Amber so I deduced that she must be enjoying
it! Jane was certainly enjoying watching.  I saw her squirming for
her own benefit rather than mine and she suddenly shouted in shuddering
orgasm.  That stopped me, and I hung the whip back in the cupboard,
not sure what to do next.  When I looked round again Jane was smiling
rather sheepishly.

 ‘Natural break,’ she said.  ‘How about another drink?’

 ‘I could beat hell out of a cup of tea!’

 ‘I’ll make one.  Untie our friend and take her hood off,
then handcuff her and bring her through.’ She went into the kitchen.

 Left alone with Liz I’m afraid I rather took advantage of her. 
First I reached up and snapped a pair of cuffs round her wrists, then pressed
up behind her and played with her breasts and finally slid my fingers between
her legs and rubbed until she, too, exploded in a noisy orgasm that had
her jerking on her rope like a marionette.  I let her recover for
a few moments, then released the rope and unbuckled the hood.  She
blinked in the light.

 ‘Gottfordamt bastard!’  She didn’t seem all that angry, however.

\*

 Over tea, which Liz spent standing up holding her mug in both
hands, I began wondering again how the girls thought the evening might
end.  Part of me desperately wanted to screw them both, but my head
warned against it.  I’d never tried fucking two girls in one session,
but I suspected that in my present state the first would be disastrously
quick and the second disastrously slow.  Besides, they were unlikely
to be on the pill and I certainly hadn’t brought a condom even if I knew
where my clothes were!  What did these women really want?

 That thought triggered the memory of a line I had once read in
the Arthurian Legends: “What do women most desire in the world? Why, it
is to have power over men.”   Power over men?  That made
some kind of sense.  As a power game, the kick would have been to
pick up a totally unknown man, get him to dress up in sexy clothes, use
him to help satisfy their own erotic fantasies and then get rid of him. 
I’d been right before – I was a pawn! But I had gained more. I had driven
the E-type. That had been a priceless gift and they deserved something
special for it.
 Power over men.
 I took a deep breath.

 ‘You’ve both been very kind to me,’ I started, rather shyly. 
‘You didn’t know me from Adam when I first turned up here and you’ve been
very generous.  Exceedingly generous.’  I paused, not quite knowing
how to say it.  ‘I’m not sure how best to thank you but perhaps……perhaps
we could pretend that I’d just lost a game of cards?’

 There was complete silence for a moment.  Liz and Jane glanced
at each other then back to me.

 ‘You really mean that?’ from Liz.

 ‘If you don’t find the idea distasteful.’  It was clear they
didn’t.  Far from it.

 ‘I think Jane and I should retire to discuss this offer.’

 They returned a couple of minutes later, brimming with excitement
and downright naughtiness, and I wondered what I had let myself in for.

 ‘We accept your offer.  Please put on the hood.’

**3 Woody**

 Somehow I hadn’t expected it to begin quite so quickly, but Liz
and Jane were calling the shots now!  I obediently slid the leather
hood over my face and the world went black and quiet.  The hood was
lined with silk and slightly padded, with thicker padding over the eyes. 
It smelled of sweat, make-up and perfume left over from its last occupant.
Hands tightened the laces and buckled the straps, and I had a moment of
near-panic while I fought to adjust my breathing to the reduced air supply.

 ‘Comfortable?’  Jane’s voice filtered through the thick fabric. 
I nodded, then felt the straps being fastened onto my wrists and ankles. 
The loose waistcoat was stripped off and my wrists pulled behind me and
joined with a padlock.

 ‘Stand to attention, please!’

 ‘Hey!’  They were undoing the waistband of my chaps! 
I thought I heard giggles.  Then first the chaps followed by the hotpants
and finally the leather thong were slid down my legs and removed over each
foot in turn. Now I was fully exposed!  This was wholly unfair! Gentle
fingers began stroking my dick and fondling my balls! It crossed my mind
that these two women might never have had the opportunity to play with
a man’s genitals before – they were certainly taking advantage. I felt
I was being used as an educational toy!  Soon the erection was back
at full pressure. I was taken by the arms and led round to what turned
out to be the sofa.  I felt the cushioned seat back pressing against
my thighs.

 ‘Put your legs apart!’

 I shuffled them.

 ‘Wider!’

 I did so.  They were about three feet apart now.

 ‘Much wider!’

 I felt my toes touch the back legs of the bench.  This was
thankfully far enough and they set about chaining my ankle straps to the
timber.  I had to lean forward to keep balance. Efficient hands unlocked
my wrists, adjusted the cushion under my stomach, pulled me forward over
it and finally re-secured my wrists to the sofa’s front legs.  My
weight pulled me right over forward with my naked bum high in the air and
my toes hardly touching the ground.  I was utterly unable to move
and my head began to feel dizzy.  This was the crunch moment. 
Literally!  Would they use the paddle, or the straps, or maybe even
the cane?  My mouth was totally dry. What happened was a gentle tap
on the balls!  Then a little harder.  Then harder still. 
Then…

 ‘AAAARGH!  Amber, Amber!’  The bloody women were testing
me to destruction!  The safeword worked, at least.  There was
a pause while they cooked up the next horror. It came with absolutely no
warning, a searing pain right across my arse!  Shit, that must have
been a cane!  I didn’t even hear the whistle of air!  There was
another pause.  Perhaps they were waiting for me to safeword, but
I was determined not to chicken again if I could help it. The caning resumed,
but this time as a rapid series of taps on the lower part of my bum. 
The sensation was really rather delicious at first, but the pain was cumulative
and I was relieved when it stopped. Then I felt someone moving between
my legs and a warm mouth closed over the end of my now-softened dick. 
What was going on?  I faintly heard Jane’s voice from another direction,
so this was Liz.  She must still be naked and handcuffed and, I guessed,
sitting on the floor below me.

 Jane waited until Liz had restored the erection, then started
a regular series of blows with a leather tawse while Liz kept working on
my dick.  Somehow the sexual stimulus made the pain much more tolerable.
Liz jerked between my thighs and uncorked her mouth. ‘Scheiss!’  Jane
had evidently aimed a blow at her boobs!   That seemed to put
an end to that part of the session and I was amazed to find I was quite
disappointed!

 They untied me, led me to another part of the room and told me
to kneel down.  I was against the padded footstool thing I’d seen
earlier.  They pushed me over it, tied my knees to the back legs and
clipped my wrist cuffs to the front.  The stool was high and long
enough to support my chest.  Nothing further happened for a while. 
Then something thick and slippery was pushed into my arse!  My shoulders
were grabbed from behind and the dildo started pumping.  She must
have had the thing strapped onto her crotch – I was being fucked by a woman! 
Actually it was quite enjoyable, except that the toy was a bit too long
for the space available and hurt at the top of each stroke.  Were
they doing this to humiliate me or were they just using me for their own
fantasies like a realistic doll?

 Whichever, she tired of it quite soon.  Yeah, I thought,
hard work isn’t it girls.  All very well lying back and thinking of
England but there’s some bloke up there burning the calories. ‘OW!’ 
The blow came vertically across my left bum cheek followed almost instantly
by another to match it on the right.  They stung like hell! 
I found out afterwards that they were using riding crops and had divided
my backside into hemispheres of influence.  Whoever had the left side
had a real score to settle! Frankly, I came precious close to using the
safeword again but after a dozen or so strokes each they evidently decided
I’d suffered enough and untied me.  My backside was humming like it
was generating electricity.

It wasn’t cup-of-tea-and-a-biscuit time yet, though.  Next stop
was under the beam, and I soon found myself standing with my arms pulled
up on the pulley and my legs pushed wide with a stretcher bar. They let
me stand there for a long time while they went off to do something else. 
Bathroom, perhaps.  Or more plotting.  Or washing-up supper,
who knows?  Long enough, anyway, for me to think that the session
was over.  Long enough for me to find I was regretting it was over. 
The adrenaline high was subsiding.  The pain had dulled to a tingling
awareness of my own body surface. Pretty soon, of course, I was regretting
that it wasn’t over.  It’s almost impossible to remember how painful
pain really is, until the next time a knee crushes your balls or a cane
bites your arse.  The girls had armed themselves with multi-thonged
whips and were working over all the exposed flesh below my chin. 
I twisted and writhed and gasped and howled, but it wasn’t until I felt
a hand firmly holding my shaft that I realised the stimulus had turned
me on!

 Once again I felt a mouth gently fellating me while one of the
whips continued its assault on my back and thighs.  Hand and mouth
were now working together, working in rhythm with the whiplashes, working
with determination, with a purpose, an agenda.  Irresistible. I yelled
when I was coming to warn her to pull away but the mouth stayed clamped
in place as a tsunami roared up my dick.  I could feel her throat
desperately working to deal with it, then her tongue lazily licking up
the last oozing drops.  I sagged on my ropes. They untied me then,
and blessedly removed the hood.  I stood, dazed, exhausted, and opened
my eyes slowly.
 Both women were standing there wearing only their boots, grinning!
Then they skipped forward, threw their arms around me and kissed me all
over the face, neck and chest in a kind of orgy of delight!

 ‘Wunderbar, leibchen, you were terrific!  We must celebrate! 
But first come and see what patterns we have put on you!’ and they led
me back up to the bathroom.  The array of mirrors showed a bright
pink body covered in red lines and blotches like the work of a frenetic
action painter. I noticed that most of Liz’s marks were still very evident
although the redness had subsided.  Some of the heavier strokes were
showing signs of bruise colours.

 ‘That’s two out of three of us decorated,’ I grinned wickedly
at Jane.  ‘Maybe we should complete the picture?’

 ‘Of course, that is only fair!’ Liz joined in enthusiastically.

 Jane looked from one to the other of us, then sighed.  ‘Oh
all right, then.  Just a couple to keep you company, damn you!’

 I quickly followed the girls downstairs again.  Jane bent
herself over the chair back and Liz and I selected canes from the store.
We gave her six each, and I honestly believe that all three of us loved
every moment of every stroke.

\*

 Sitting rather gingerly on the soft cushions with a hot coffee
I could hardly believe that only this morning I had been a boring maths
teacher.  Now I was a sex object deeply into sadomasochism! 
The girls had disappeared upstairs to get my bed ready and left me, still
naked, to come to terms with events. Why had I suddenly volunteered to
be disciplined?  Liz and Jane had loved it of course and I’d genuinely
wanted to please them, but part of me had envied Liz the pain, the stimuli;
the attention, even.  They hadn’t forced me, I’d chosen to do it myself
and that gave me a stake in the power game.  I felt I was back on
equal terms.
 Equal terms didn’t last long.  While Jane relieved me of
my coffee cup from the front, Liz slipped a blindfold over my eyes from
behind and buckled it firmly.  The straps then went on my wrists and
ankles again.

 ‘Bedtime, now,’ Jane cooed.  ‘You’re sleeping with us so
we felt a little restraint on your part would be in order.  Come on.’

 I let them lead me upstairs.  This could be interesting! 
They manoeuvred me into the middle of an enormous double bed and started
locking thin chains first onto my ankle straps and then my wrists. 
There wasn’t a lot of slack – if I straightened my legs and moved up the
bed, I could just pull my hands down to my chest.  More comfortable
was to lie with my legs slightly bent and my hands on the pillow. The blindfold
wasn’t a full mask, more like a highwayman thing without eyeholes and with
padding inside.  I could probably get it off if I wanted, but that
seemed like spoiling the game.  It would be more interesting to find
out what the girls were cooking up. They both climbed in with me and snuggled
up each side, with much giggling.  Clearly night-dresses were not
part of their otherwise extensive wardrobe!  Breasts pressed into
my back and a warm bum into my front.  I tried to guess who was who,
but without the use of my hands found it impossible to tell. The girls,
however, had full use of their hands.

 They started by fondling each other across me, then rolled me
onto my back and began gently stroking me.  By the time soft hands
had reached my dick it was rock hard again and I heard a delighted chuckle. 
There was enough voice to identify Liz; I was getting my bearings. 
She climbed onto me then and started kissing me open-mouthed.  Naturally
I responded in kind!  The other girl worked her way down the bed and
was soon between our legs using her mouth to stimulate both of us in turn. 
Then Liz’s thighs clamped around my erection and with a rapid series of
jerks she climaxed with a loud wail.  Jane prised her legs apart and
freed me – she obviously didn’t want me to come so early, if at all. 
I was back in the role of sex toy again and wondered how long I could hold
out.  These were repressed single women in a seriously excited state,
determined to make the most of their opportunity!

 The bedspread had mostly fallen off us by this time and both girls
knelt up and straddled me, face to face.  Liz was moving slowly on
my chest while Jane squatted over my face.  I was evidently expected
to apply my tongue and did so to mounting enthusiasm above.  From
the muffled noises I guessed she and Liz were kissing up there.  Liz
began moving faster, pressing hard against me.  Jane was positively
vibrating, then jerked violently with her full weight on my face and howled. 
Liz came moments later; they both just clung together and rocked from side
to side.  I was meanwhile suffocating under Jane’s deliciously muscled
buttocks, damp from her juices.  I had to wiggle my head to remind
her that I was still alive, if only just, and she lifted her bum to allow
me some air.

 The next bit was rather weird.  One after the other, they
lowered themselves down onto my dick and sat for a moment with it inside
them, immobile except for rhythmic squeezing of their vaginal muscles. 
It felt terrific, if rather frustrating.  I wanted to thrust and fuck
and come in gallons but I lay there silent, trying to make my brain go
blank.  I went through the thirteen times table and as many decimal
places of pi as I could remember and survived intact.  They were playing
dangerous games!  I wondered if they had ever been with a man before
– it seemed as if they just wanted to know what it felt like.

 I lost track of who was who around then.  One of them lay
on me on her back with knees bent and bum tucked under my chin while the
other knelt over her in the 69 position and they began gently tonguing
each other.  The one on top occasionally broke off to kiss me instead,
as if to reassure me that I hadn’t been forgotten.  The movements
became more violent as they brought each other towards climax – this was
clearly familiar ground, spiced by doing it on top of a helpless naked
man.  Fingers were added to tongues and soon both were shouting in
simultaneous ecstasy.  Making a heck of a lot of noise was evidently
part of the fun!  I was forgotten, crushed and impotent under a collapsed
heap of woman!

 Soon they rolled off, restored the bedspread, curled up each side
of me and went to sleep, leaving me with an unsatisfied erection and bursting
balls.  I lay there for a while until I was sure they were both breathing
deeply, then gently explored my wrist bonds.  They’d forgotten to
lock the strap buckles!  I undid them and moved the chains away as
quietly as I could, then turned my attention to the mask.  That came
off by pushing firmly upwards. What to do now? I thought about sliding
down to the bottom of the bed without waking anybody and managing to undo
my ankles.  I thought about grabbing one of the girls and fucking
her senseless.  I thought about getting rather more comfortable, and
the next thing I thought was that a naked woman was drawing the curtains
and flooding the room with sunshine. As I sat up the chains yanked at my
ankles and I quickly unstrapped them.  Jane turned with a lazy smile.
 ‘I see you managed to escape.  Lisbet is making breakfast. 
Did you sleep well?’

 She looked absolutely stunning silhouetted against the window
and I strolled over to her, slid my arms under hers, held her head in both
hands and kissed her.  She opened her mouth to me and wound her arms
round my neck.  It seemed a defining moment.  I stroked my hands
down and cupped her buttocks, pulling her against me.
 ‘Breakfast!’ Liz called from downstairs.

 We relaxed apart, reluctantly.  Jane pointed to a carrier
bag under the bed.  ‘You’d better put on some clothes, Woody. 
Lisbet will suspect we’ve been up to something.’  She gave my erection
a quick squeeze and left the room.

\*

 There’s something very surreal about eating a normal meal wearing
normal clothes on a fine, normal morning in the company of two entirely
naked women.  They were so unembarrassed about it that I assumed they
usually went nude in the mornings and I had now been accepted as part of
the family.  They asked me about my car and Jane sat up delighted
when I identified Bertha as a Morris Traveller.

 ‘Woody!  You’ve got a woody!  How wonderfully apt! 
My brother had one.  It sounds like the petrol pump jammed, his kept
doing it.  You bash it with a hammer.  I’ll look at it as soon
as we‘ve finished.’

 ‘What’s the petrol pump?’

 ‘I’ll show you.’

 They dressed in sandals, shorts and vest tops with an evident
lack of underclothing and followed me down to where Bertha still rested
quietly by the side of the lane.  I unlocked her, released the bonnet
and went round to peer in at the engine. Jane pointed to a cylindrical
object in the top right-hand corner with her hammer.  ‘That’s the
petrol pump.  Switch on the ignition but don’t try and start her.’ 
That done, I watched Jane tap the device.  It immediately gave a rapid
series of clicks and Jane grinned victoriously.  ‘That’s it, you can
go now!’

 The words saddened me.  I realised I didn’t really want to
go.  The girls seemed to be having similar thoughts as we strolled
back to the house.

 ‘How far away is this cottage you’re renting?’ Jane asked suddenly.

 ‘About three parts of an hour for Bertha,’ I replied, my hopes
rising rapidly.

 ‘Then…if you’d like….you could come and see us again in a few
days?’

 I gave her the biggest, slowest smile in my repertoire.

 ‘When the stripes have gone!’ Liz added enthusiastically.

 ‘And bring some condoms.’

\*

 The story doesn’t quite end there.  I called twice more on
my holiday and again on the way home, and spent much of the rest of the
break poring over the Guardian Education advertisements looking for a school
in the North that needed a maths teacher.  The experience had changed
me or at least drawn out a part of me that I hadn’t known existed, and
I couldn’t bear to lose it.

 It had changed Jane and Lisbet too.  Both had straight boyfriends
within the year, but never invited them to High Withies.  The three
of us met there for half-terms and a week or so most holidays, and sometimes
I would go by myself to fit out the barn with pulleys and pillories and
even a rotating X-frame. It was wonderful for two years, then Lisbet started
coming less frequently and finally moved to Germany to marry her boyfriend.
I proposed to Jane.

 ‘Woody, darling, I thought you’d never ask.  I was planning
to beat it out of you!’

 She did it anyway.  And I loved her for it.
