---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/eroticstories/storiesek/the_first_meeting.html
subcategory: Spandex
title: The First Meeting
authors:
- Master Sinnah
tags:
- M/f
- mpov
- strip
- buttplug
- public
- naked
- cuffs
- collar
- leash
- punish
- whip
- gag
- inflatable
- cane
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2024-12-08 00:00:00
---

### **Chapter 1**

The bar at the hotel lobby was grand and palatial. I sat down at a quiet table in the corner and ordered a scotch on the rocks. A few minutes after they served me my drink, I saw her standing at the open double doors looking around. When she noticed me, she took a deep breath and wound her way around the other hushed conversations until she reached my table.

“Hi,” she said, making moves to sit down opposite me.

“Did I give you permission to sit?” I asked, looking her up and down.

She froze. Almost like a deer in the headlights.

“I’m sorry, Sir. May I please sit?”

I took my time. She was wearing a beautiful dress, above the knee with shoulders bared. She looked amazing. And for a moment there, I caught my breath, thinking of all the terrible things I was going to do to her.

“You may sit. What would you like to drink,” I asked, waving to the waiter.

“A glass of wine, please.”

“The lady will have a glass of Prosecco,” I said to the waiter and watched as he walked away.

“Should I have said, the Slut will have a dog bowl of Prosecco?”

“Whatever you wish, Master,” she replied.

“Good answer,” I laughed. “But I’m not your Master, at least, not yet.”

“I’m sorry, Sir. I’ll really work hard so that you will take me as yours. I’ll be a good slut to my Master.”

“Hush,” I said, as the waiter approached. “There will be time enough for that later.”

I waited as she took a sip.

“How was your flight? You’ve been very busy lately and traveling a lot, so I hope you’ve managed to find some time to relax and unwind.”

“The flight was fine. I couldn’t wait for it to reach and at the same time, I wanted it to last as long as possible!

“I have been planning this for so long, that I really haven’t had much time to unwind. I just wanted to see you, Sir!”

I smiled. “Tell me about what else has been happening in your life recently.”

As she talked, she became even more animated, and I could see how this was the one I was hoping for!

I cut into her flow of conversation. “Are you wearing panties, girl?”

A pause, and then, “Yes Sir. Sorry, Sir!”

I reached into my pocket and took out a small pouch and handed it to her.

“Don’t open that here. Go to the restroom, look at it there and then put it on. Then, take off your panties, put them in your mouth and come back here for more instructions.”

She looked at me wide eyed and said, “Yes Sir.”

“Go now,” I waved her off.

I wondered how she’d handle putting in the butt plug that was in the pouch. I had lube with me but I didn’t give it to her because she had worn panties and hadn’t told me and certainly hadn’t asked for permission.

A longish wait later, I smiled to see her walking toward me. Her mouth was tightly closed as she was hiding the fact that it was full with her panties, and she was walking in that odd way that subs have when they have a butt plug in, but they’re not used to it and want to hide that fact.

She reached the table and was about to sit down, when once again I said, “You haven’t asked for permission to sit, slut.”

She looked panicked. How was she going to ask for permission when she was gagged with her own wet panties? And to top it off, she had made the same mistake twice.

The waiter came over to ask if we wanted anything else. She was standing there awkwardly embarrassed as he spoke to us while wondering why she wasn’t sitting.

“I think we’re done for now, can you bring me the check, please?”

“Do you want to sit down, slut?”

She nodded, then shook her head, confused as to what I wanted.

“It’s not a trick question. Do you want to sit down?”

She nodded.

“You may sit down. Pull your skirt away so that your ass rests directly on the chair.”

She gingerly lowered herself onto the chair, spreading her skirt behind her, wincing slightly as the butt plug was pushed deeper into her ass.

“Are you uncomfortable?”

A slight nod.

“Good. We’re not here for you to be comfortable. Are you wet?”

A vigorous nod.

“Here are some ground rules. Firstly, you can stop at any time you like or any time you feel like you can’t handle it anymore. Nod if you understand.”

A nod.

“You have three words you can use; green means you want to keep going, yellow means you’re currently at a limit but haven’t gone over yet, and red means stop.

“If you use red, I will stop immediately. Whatever is happening, wherever we are. Everything stops. And it will require a lot of discussion before we go back to the scene. This is not a threat, this is a statement that red is a serious matter and you need to feel like you can be safe before continuing. Nod if you understand.”

Hesitation and then a nod.

“You’re wondering why I was so firm about red?”

A nod and whine.

“You may not understand right now, but as a Dom, while I may use you as my sub, slave, toy, you are still a person with feelings and emotions. I will prioritize your safety and your emotions above any play or scene. And if you say yellow, I will check if you want to back off or change what we’re doing. But if you say red, it means that either your safety or your emotions are overwhelming you. And that cannot happen.”

A nod.

“Now when you’re gagged, you cannot say the words, right?”

I handed her a squeaky toy while she nodded.

“One squeak is yellow. More than one squeak is red. I will un-gag you in a scene to check on you if you go yellow, and I will take everything off if you go red. Understood?”

Nod.

I saw the waiter approaching.

“Smile at him when he leaves,” I said.

She looked shocked.

“As best as you can.”

She swallowed and I could see her moving her panties in her mouth to keep it from being visible when she smiled.

“Thank you,” I said as I handed back the receipt to him. She smiled at him, barely showing her teeth.

I took out a room key card and handed it to her.

“When you get up, look at how wet the chair has become and wipe it down with your napkin before you leave. Then take this keycard, go to my room, take your panties out of your mouth and put it in the door jamb to keep it from latching. Make sure the panties can be seen from outside.

“On the bed is a pair of handcuffs and a collar and leash. Take off your clothes, put on the collar and leash. Kneel down with your legs spread, facing the door. Put your hands behind your back and cuff them. If you have never used cuffs before, cuff one hand while you can see it and then you’ll understand how it works and then cuff both hands behind your back.

“You should end up resting your ass lightly on your heels and your pussy should be visible to anyone who enters the room. Make sure your back is straight and your tits are sticking out. Keep your eyes focused on the ground, two feet in front of you and don’t look up no matter what happens until I say you can.

“I’m going out for a while and I’ll come by and see how you’re doing later. Good luck slut!”

And I stood up and walked away while she got up and checked on her juices that had wet the chair she was sitting on.

### **Chapter 2**

After an hour, I made my way up to the room. From the hallway, the panties clearly were not visible. I was tempted to go down to the front desk and ask them to let me into the room, but the door did open when I pushed and her panties fell to the floor, hidden inside the door so that no one else would see.

As I walked in further, I saw her hurriedly look down while she fiddled with the handcuff shackles behind her.

I walked up to her, slowly reaching down to lift her chin and look into her eyes.

“Sweet girl, do you know what you did wrong?”

“I’m sorry, Sir, I…”

I cut her off by giving her a light slap across her cheek.

“Did I give you permission to speak, slut?”

“I…”

I slapped her again.

“Are you still going to speak without permission?”

She shook her head.

“Do you know what you did wrong?”

She nodded.

“Tell me then. What were your mistakes.”

“Firstly…”

I slapped her harder.

“You just told me you had learned not to speak without permission. It looks like the lesson wasn’t learned very well.”

I went to the bag that was in the corner, took out a whip and shook it out.

“You need to be taught a lesson.”

I started whipping her, across her back.

“You must always ask for permission before you speak.”

She squealed as the whip curled around her shoulders.

“You must always look down, unless I give you permission.”

I started whipping harder and she writhed under the whip.

“You will do exactly as I tell you, no more and certainly no less.”

I switched to whipping her tits and that made her scream and I stopped.

“Either you hold your scream in, or I put a gag in your mouth. Nod if you want the gag.”

She nodded.

I took out an inflatable gag and strapped it around her head. I started to pump up the gag and said, “Tell me when you start to feel uncomfortable.”

A few pumps later she grunted.

I continued to pump and she grunted more and more.

“I thought I told you that we’re not here for you to feel comfortable.”

I stopped as her cheeks filled up with the gag. Then I put one hand around her throat and grabbed her hair with the other and pulled her up from her kneeling position and threw her on the bed with her legs hanging off the edge.

“I am going to start caning you. Ten strokes of the cane for every infraction you made today. You are going to count as best as you can through the gag.”

I put the squeaky toy in her hand and said, “If it gets too much, squeeze it. But for now, make sure you don’t cover your ass with your hand. Getting a cane on your knuckles is way worse than getting it on your butt.”

I raised the cane.

“First, when you came here today, you were wearing panties, which I explicitly told you not to wear.”

As I said the words, I caned her, lightly at first but by the time I said explicitly, on the fifth stroke, the cane whistled loudly as it went through the air and she noticeably jumped when it landed on her smooth ass.

She had been doing a respectable job counting till then but she almost raised herself off the bed and stopped counting.

“If you move, or if you stop counting, I’ll restart from zero.”

She froze and mumbled five through the gag and went back to her previous position.

I continued, “Secondly, you didn’t think to inform me that you had worn panties. If you had, you would have only gotten a single punishment, rather than two.”

Five more strokes, each harder than the previous.

“Thirdly, you were supposed to leave your panties visible to anyone passing by the door.”

She started yelping more as the cane came down harder with each stroke. I could see the makeup on her beautiful face start to smear.

“Fourth, you did not treat your clothes adequately when you took them off and made a mess in the room,” pointing to her clothes that were strewn across the bed.”

She made a grumpy face and looked like she wanted to argue.

“My room, my rules, bitch. You want to leave, squeeze the toy and I’ll let you go.”

She shuddered for a second and then grunted in acknowledgment.

“Fifth, you did not put on the cuffs until you heard me start to open the door.”

“Sixth, you did not keep your head down and looking at the floor in front of you until I entered the room.”

“And finally,” I said as I increased the force. “You masturbated without permission.”

Her body drooped as she didn’t expect me to have realized.

I changed the angle of my cane and it landed for the final stroke right between her legs. She screamed behind the gag but managed to grunt out the count, thirty. The thirty strokes had left long lines of pain along her ass and thighs. Her tears couldn’t be held back anymore and her face looked beautiful in the pain she was experiencing.

I reached over and deflated the gag and then took off her handcuffs. I gently took her face in my hands and kissed her forehead. Reaching back, I rubbed the welts lightly as she winced.

“Good girl. You did well with your punishment. How are you feeling?”

She was about to speak, and then she caught herself and grunted.

“Well done. You do learn, given enough punishment! You may speak.”

“Thank you, Sir,” she said. “It hurt, but not as badly as I thought it would.” Then she paused. “Sorry, Sir for not following your instructions. And thank you Sir for punishing this slut.”

“That’s my girl. We can train all your bad habits out of you and make you the toy that I want you to be.”

All this while my hands were roaming over her butt and thighs and then I reached between her legs to find her sopping wet pussy. I rubbed her clit gently and then harder as she moaned.

“It looks like you take to a cane very well, little slut.”

She moaned louder at that. “Please Sir, may I cum?”

I rubbed her harder and then stuffed my fingers into her cunt, roughly pumping them in and out. She made a guttural sound deep in her throat.

“Beg me for permission, slut. Make me feel like it’s worth my time.”

“Please Sir. This slut will do anything for you. I want to be your toy. But please, please let me cum…”

With two fingers in her cunt, I rubbed her clit with my thumb as she increasingly tensed her body that I held against me.

“Don’t cum yet, slut. I’ll tell you when to cum.”

And then I increased the rubbing and held her tighter.

“Cum for me now.”

And as she started gushing, I spanked her pussy, hard and she twitched and came. Screaming loudly enough that I wondered if they would send someone to check. And a part of me wondered if I should let them enter while she was still like this with me spanking her pussy harder and harder.

She came for a long time and then, exhausted, she slowly dropped from her high and nestled into my arms.

I held my wet fingers against her lips and said, “Clean up time, girl.”

She sucked my fingers clean of her juices, and then I kissed her.

“You were amazing, my little slave girl. Now hush as I put some cream on your ass to help with the pain.”

She whimpered lightly as I tended to her wounds and then as I took up the cuffs again, she turned around and I put them around her wrists.

Then I put her on the bed properly, covering her with the sheets as I held her close.

“The weekend has just started. Relax for now, because there’s a lot more to come.”

“Thank you Sir, I’m looking forward to it.”
