---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Scanned, Printed, Sealed
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F+/m
- FF
- enclosed
- objectify
- chastity
- statue
- enclosed
- buttplug
- inflatable
- toys
- remote
- oral
- public
- tease
- sex
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-07-06 00:00:00
---

### Part Two

#### David Wept.

Phil had known something was up the moment he saw Paula in Maggie’s apartment. He hadn’t objected to them locking the plastic shell around his cock and balls, using the new plastic. He was used to giving Maggie pretty much complete control over his body on a regular basis anyway. He was deeply curious what would happen next.

Besides, Maggie and Paula had obviously gone to a lot of trouble to arrange some sort of surprise for him. Who was he to say no?

The drive back to Paula’s place of work was unexpected, she could have nearly anything there after all. He idly wondered if they had printed out the rumored version 5 Sarcophagus. He knew they were both still talking about modifications and improvements over the last model he’d been locked inside of.

“Ouch” he thought silently, as his cock recalled how much fun the sarcophagus had been; it had attempted to harden and the printed plastic “chastity device” had interfered. He didn’t think they had intended it as a chastity device, that had been a secondary result of their true purpose. But what was their true purpose?

Oh well he’d know soon enough as they had arrived at Paula’s place of work, the Fantastic Plastics Factory. Paula let them into the main lobby using her keycard on the alarm and a set of keys on the lobby doors. It was dark and Paula didn’t bother turning on the lights, Phil looked around curiously and noted an object with a drapery covering it up off to the side.

“Is that new?” He remarked as Paula led them through the shadowy lobby to the doors that lead to her plastic lab.

“Yes, very New.” Was all Paula said.

Maggie was actually pushing the pace, obviously excited for whatever they had planned for him. He glanced at Paula and gave her a wink then slowed his pace. Paula smiled back and did the same. Maggie was practically hopping and skipping in an effort to get them to Paula’s lab faster.

They arrived eventually and Paula unlocked the doors, Maggie was the first one inside and she immediately headed to the lab’s old brown leather sofa and plopped down on it then put her feet up.

Phil looked around curiously, half expecting to see some sort of plastic item big enough to lock him inside of. Instead he only saw a folding table in front of the old sofa and a platform that Maggie had her feet on top of. The table was covered in various pieces of the new super shiny black plastic that was currently locking up Phil’s manhood.

Suddenly Maggie suggested Phil should use the restroom.

Phil mildly protested being dismissed, but realized this might be his last chance to pee for a few hours if Maggie and Paula had some sort of bondage in mind for him.

Phil hurried off to the restroom and sat on the toilet, since his cock was locked up, he had to pee sitting down. He had not had dinner tonight and really only a little bit of soda at Maggie’s apartment. So he was soon done with his business. He hesitated while sitting in the stall and tried to puzzle out what they had planned for him with this new plastic. His only clues were the pieces currently locked on him, which obviously they could remove. The new long table in Paula’s lab that was covered in the new plastic pieces. Oh and that odd platform Maggie had her feet on top of. He wasn’t sure what it added up to yet, but he knew when he got back there it would begin.

Phil returned to the lab and jokingly asked “I suppose my cock is being held hostage to assure my cooperation. So what do you want me to do first?”

“That’s easy Phil” Maggie ordered “Strip!”

#### Time for the next Phase.

“Yes Ma’am” he said, stepping nearer the sofa and starting to pull his clothes off. He tossed them on the sofa and was completely naked in under a minute. Of course realizing this was the start of their plot had his cock excited in anticipation, it expanded to the limits of the plastic shell and Phil again suffered from “erectus interruptus”. Mentally Phil cursed its tight confines.

“Here Phil” Paula handed him what looked to be half of a black plastic foot. “That goes under your right foot and behind your calf.” She told him.

Phil sat down on the sofa and placed the object under his right foot and behind his calf muscle. As expected it was a perfect fit. Paula bent over his foot and attached another piece to it, this was the top of the foot and the shin covering. Phil heard a faint click sound as they were pushed together.

Paula then held up a white squeeze bottle with a syringe style tip, Placing the tip at the top of the seam she traced the seam with the syringe tipped bottle all the way down Phil’s foot. She repeated the process on the other seam on the other side of his foot. Then Paula pulled out a small handheld light of some kind and Phil saw a deep blue light reflecting off the black plastic shell around his foot.

“What’s that for?” Phil asked.

Paula answered, “UV sensitive glue, exposure to this light seals it.”

“Glue? Sealed?” Phil asked, slightly worried.

“We can’t have you falling apart, now can we?” Maggie reassured Phil. “Paula has the solvent, don’t worry.”

“You trust me right Phil?” Paula asked him.

Phil sighed, “Of course I do.”

Maggie patted him on the shoulder. “Good, because we were going to do it no matter what you said.”

Phil winced visibly, the idea of the plastic being sealed shut was triggering his kinky side and his cock had found the limits of its current cage.

“Your little man likes the idea anyway,” Maggie commented.

“Yay, but he’s always getting the rest of me into trouble.” Phil sighed mentally and thought to himself “Luckily Maggie always gets me back out.”

 While he and Maggie had been chatting, Paula was quietly working away and Phil realized she already had the second plastic boot on his other foot. Not only was the other boot on, but she had already applied the glue and sealed it in place.

Paula asked him to stand up. “But be careful there are three pegs under each of your feet. They are about an inch tall and two inches in diameter.”

“I need high heels for some reason?” Phil asked while standing up, Maggie stood close by and Phil rested a hand on her shoulder for balance.

“Not for height,” Paula told him, “So you can’t fall.”

She pointed to the plastic platform nearby, the one Magie had used as a footstool. He noted there were holes in the top that matched the pegs on the boots he was currently wearing. With some help from Maggie and Paula, he managed to stand up and insert the boot pegs into the holes in the platform. He felt his feet seat the pegs and his feet were now supported by the top of the platform.

“No glue?” he asked.

Paula answered seriously, “Your own weight will keep your foot pegs locked in the holes.”

Maggie had grabbed a nearby footstool and was climbing onto it. “Give me your left hand Phil.”

Phil complied and Maggie was soon sealing it into a “Glove” of plastic for lack of a better term. While she repeated the process on his right hand. He bent his left elbow and looked closely at the sealed plastic. He knew exactly where a seam should be, he’d seen her snap the two pieces together.

“Amazing results,” Phil commented out loud in general to both of them. “I know there was a seam here just moments ago.”

Paula explained the process in detail, Phil complimented her.

Phil commented, “So I assume I’m going to be placed inside a complete body shell?”

“Lucky guess.” Maggie smiled back at Phil. “But you’ll never guess what shape the outside is.”

Phil’s mind raced, what shape could it be? He looked to the table full of plastic parts, but could not tell which part was which, as they lay there on the table.

“Something specific then? Not just a Phil statue?” He was fishing for clues.

Very specific, and a specific purpose.” Maggie teased with a hint that would do him no good.

 “Well it’s not like I can stop you.” Phil commented with a pout, waving his now useless hand around.

Maggie chuckled. “Poor Phil, it was too late the moment we locked up your cock.”

Knowing pouting wouldn’t get any info from Maggie, Phil tried smiling broadly as if he was enjoying this entire event “So what are you turning me into?”

Maggie didn’t answer, instead turning to Paula and asking, “Head pieces are next right?”

Paula told her, “Yes, the pieces layer over each other, hands to arms, to shoulders. Feet, to thighs, to hips. Head to neck to chest. The chest and back piece being last and locking all the others in place effectively.”

When Paula said “locking all the pieces in place.” Phil felt his cock swell and hit the limits again. Damn this was frustrating.

“Hand me the face plate then and let’s give Phil a clue to his fate.” Maggie suggested.

Paula handed Maggie two pieces of the plastics and Maggie held them up for Phil to see. It took him a moment to recognize the famous face in the black material. It was famously white marble, not shiny black after all.

“That’s the head from the statue of David!” Phil exclaimed, actually surprised.

“Good guess Phil.” Maggie praised him. “We are going to turn you into a more life sized statue of the famous David sculpture, right down to your exposed cock and balls.”

“But why?” Phil asked, confused.

“Well one reason is reducing you to a completely helpless statue has had my juices flowing ever since Paula told me this plan.” Maggie had handed Paula back the head pieces and she leaned in toward Phil lowering her voice a little. Phil knew Maggie’s kink was putting him into extreme bondage and again his cock tried and failed to become erect.

“The second reason is the Plastics company has decided to let staff recreate famous pieces of artwork and display them in the lobby as a marketing tool. Our previous stunt with the reproduction of King Tut's Golden Sarcophagus inspired the company. Now all the staff are competing.”

“The lobby!” Phil guessed.

“You really are a good guesser Phil.” Magie tapped him on his nose “Yes, Paula printed a you-sized David sculpture and left it in place in the lobby this afternoon. Tonight we are going to seal you into this replica shell and substitute you for the placeholder under that sheet.”

Sealed into the shell of a famous statue and put on display? This was pushing all Phil’s kinky buttons. His cock was insistently swelling inside the plastic shell. He couldn’t ignore it. “Damn,” he said out loud and visibly winced.

“You know what I love about you Phil?” Maggie leaned all the way in to give Phil a deep kiss. “You think being sealed up is as sexy as I think sealing you up is.”

Maggie’s deep kiss did not relieve Phil’s cock from swelling inside its plastic confinement. Phil was momentarily distracted by the pain of the thwarted erection, the next thing he was aware of besides how much his cock ached, was Maggie putting earbuds in both his ears.

Faintly Phil heard her say, “These will keep you connected to the outside world.”

#### The point of no return.

While he was getting used to those Maggie was holding a piece of the plastic below and in front of his face.

“Open your mouth Phil,” Maggie said loudly to be heard over the earbuds blocking his ears.

“Here we go!” she warned him.

Phil opened his mouth wide and cooperated with Maggie placing the faceplate over his own face. After all he was depending on getting air to breathe with it being properly placed, and once it was in place he realized they had inserted some sort of tinted lenses that he could see out of. The breathing tube, mouth guard, gag device filled his mouth, but he was breathing easily through both his nose and mouth so he was happy about that.

He saw Maggie lifting another piece past the top of his head and felt her press it against the back of his skull, it snapped into place and now his face and the back of his skull were covered in plastic. Another piece was then felt more than seen, being pushed into place, around the base of his skull and under the jaw bone, it too snapped into place. His head was now sealed in plastic, he smelt the faint whiff of the glue being applied and he knew his head was completely sealed into the plastic. Mentally there was something about his head being sealed away that was different from his hands and feet. It was a no going back point in the process, he couldn’t beg for them to release him now, he couldn’t communicate verbally, he couldn’t hear unless they wanted him to. He couldn’t even communicate non-verbally, begging with sad “puppy” eyes for freedom.

He was able to tell they were talking but their voices were so muffled he could not make out words any more. He felt Maggie applying the neck pieces, they went down his chest and back, once they were glued in place he could no longer rotate his head. His sight line was straight ahead , no more, no less. Magie was working on his arms again, pieces snapping and being sealed in place. Hands, arms, then shoulders. Just like that his arms were now completely locked in place.

Then Maggie applied the upper legs and the hip pieces, Phil felt his legs being locked into place. At this point there should only be four pieces left he thought to himself. Two for the crotch and ass, then the chest and back plate.

Just as he was thinking to himself “There’s a pause for some reason.” He felt Maggie (he assumed) pressing a butt plug into his ass. It wasn’t large and she didn’t have to force it in. Phil wondered which one it was. His question was soon answered as he felt it swelling inside him, the inflatable one of course. It reached a point of discomfort and Maggie gave it another pump anyway, Phil grunted around the gag in his mouth. Maggie pumped it again.

Phil was worried, how much further would she push his limits without a way for him to signal her?

He waited and then felt her applying the front and back hip pieces. The butt plug was slightly uncomfortable, but it wasn’t going to get more uncomfortable at least. But then he had a second thought “Wait she’s sealing it under the plastic!” Then of course the inevitable follow up thought “For how long?”

There was another momentary pause in the application of pieces, then he felt the back piece pressing into place. Then the front chest plate and the back snapped together and Phil realized he was completely covered in the inflexible plastic. Within a few more seconds, as one of the two women applied the glue solvent and then activated it with the UV light, it would effectively become one solid piece of plastic.

Phil watched out the tinted lenses covering his eyes and saw Paula clear the folding table from in front of him. She just stared at him for a few moments and then waved to Maggie to join her. The two women stared at him and Phil wondered if they still saw him or just a plastic statue standing in front of them.

Phil noticed Paula pulling out her phone and was doing things.

She held it out to Maggie and Phil heard Maggie say ““Phil, you have no idea how amazing you look right now. You have been turned into a work of art.”

Phil felt his cock swell and flex inside the plastic again, and winced internally. Phil realized he was going to be trapped in an eternal cycle of sexual frustration until they let him out.

He had been distracted once again by his painful attempts at an erection. Then he noticed Maggie had her own phone out and was doing things to it. Just then the plug in his ass activated, he judged it was a medium setting from the times they had used it before, enough to drive him slowly insane but not make him cum. Magie was moving towards him and then passed out of sight behind him. He wondered what she was up to back there, considering everything was sealed away.

He continued to watch Paula watching him, a big smile on her face. No doubt from a sense of accomplishment.

Phil grunted around the gag in his mouth as without warning the butt plug went into overdrive. “Damn.” His cock immediately swelled up and was not shrinking again, with the butt plug on this level normally he’d be squirming and begging Magge to let him cum. But inside this unbreakable plastic prison, all he could do was moan and try to breathe deeply. He shut his eyes and tried to ride it out.

Just as suddenly as it started, it stopped completely, he opened his eyes just in time to see Paula turning away.

He panted inside his shell. The women were discussing something, Paula turned back to the statue. Phil felt cold air on the tip of his cock! Paula had done something and suddenly Phil could feel air on his tip. Phil waited with bated breath, what were they up to?

What was probably only a few minutes of time passed, but for Phil an hour went by. Then he felt the plastic being removed from his shaft, now his cock was mostly exposed. Only his balls were still sealed in the plastic. He immediately became fully erect.

Maggie was saying something, then he felt her hand on his shaft, squeezing it, playing with it. It felt so good, like heaven on Earth after the time spent at half mast in that accursed plastic cock shell.

“Was this their purpose?” Phil rapidly thought to himself. “Was the whole ‘on display in the lobby’ just a mind game?”

Phil’s mind had a tendency to just run away at moments like these, random ideas, chasing its own tail, like a car on ice spinning out of control.

Suddenly his thoughts slammed to a stop, he felt a mouth on his shaft, swallowing him whole. Sucking, licking, squeezing him. If her hand had been heaven on Earth, then this must be heaven on heaven. He concentrated on the sensations flooding his mind, after all the frustrations of the recent past, it felt amazing and he knew he would not last long. He tried to delay his response, to savor the sensations he was feeling. But it only took a few minutes of effort from whichever of his friends was doing the work, and Phil was shooting his load. Instead of pulling away, they continued to suck and suck. Phil felt like his balls were being pulled inside out. His body shuddered and shook as much as it could within the tight confines of the plastic shell keeping him frozen in place.

Eventually they finished and released his cock, Phil was panting through the gag and the nose tubes. But his mind was flooded with feel good chemicals and suddenly being sealed inside a plastic statue was a good thing. When those chemicals wore off though, Phil knew he’d feel differently about his current predicament in a few minutes.

Phil slowed his breathing eventually and some time passed, he felt himself starting to deflate. Just then someone lifted his shaft and pressed two pieces of plastic on both sides, then the tip was covered again and he knew he was locked up again. Very faintly he smelled the glue solvent and it hit him that his entire body, right down to his balls and shaft, were now enclosed in a sealed shut shell that had effectively become a solid piece of plastic around him.

Phil whimpered as the reality of his situation filtered through the leftover feel good chemicals in his brain and informed him he was completely utterly fucked.

#### Doppelganger.

Soon after he felt and saw through his eye lenses that the women were pushing him out the lab doors and down the main hallway. He was worried they’d hit a bump and he’d fall over, but they made it safely to the lobby. He saw the drape covered statue of David and they spun him in place right alongside the placeholder. Now Phil’s eyes were looking back into the lobby, mostly at the front desk area. He watched as Maggie and Paula pulled the drapery off their place-holding doppelganger. He saw them step back a few paces, Maggie was holding the drapery folded over her arms. They were looking back and forth between Phil’s David and the David Doppelganger.

They moved the other David statue into the lobby in front of Phil’s eyeline, then he felt them moving him again. Judging by the change of his viewpoint he was now where the other statue had been.

He saw Paula point and Maggie approaching, then she was flinging the drapery over his, well the David statue he was inside of. His vision was now obscured by tinted plastic lenses and a silky drapery of some kind. But he was still able to breathe, so he did not panic.

Not too long a time after, Paula activated the app on her phone that allowed them to send to Phil’s earbuds.

“Time for us to go home Phil.” Paula informed him. “Tomorrow we are open for a half day and the kick off of our Replica Art program. The company thinks there is a large market for replicating famous statues, sculptures, etc. Scalable and made of various plastics. Enjoy your overnight stay.”

He heard Maggie speak up next. “I hope you enjoyed that blowjob Phil, it has to last you till Sunday night.” Maggie whispered the next words. “But if I know you, you’ll spend the entire weekend thinking about how stuck you are and getting hornier and hornier, so by the time we pry you out of there you’ll be ready to explode again.”

Maggie purred the next part in her sexiest voice. “Just know Paula and I will be enjoying each other, while you are helplessly, permanently stuck in there.”

Phil then heard Maggie’s normal voice say “Damn I’m horny, which one of our apartments is closer, I need to fuck someone!”

He heard Paula say, “Pleasant Dreams Phil!” then nothing.

#### Art for Sale.

Maggie and Paula waved goodbye to the statue formerly known as Phil, on their way out the doors of the plastics factory.

They had taken Maggie’s car to the factory but Paula’s apartment was closer, so they went there instead. They spent most of the car ride home talking about other printed plastic shells they could print and put Phil inside of. Luckily for Phil they had turned off the app on Paula’s phone that let him hear the two friends talking. He would have been extremely worried about their future plans for him, if he could have heard.

Of course talking about all the naughty things they had planned for Phil in the future, did not calm down either of their libidos. If anything it was winding both of them up, since they both quite enjoyed putting Phil into more and more extreme bondage. Maggie was visibly squirming behind the driver's wheel, hips rocking, thighs rubbing together. Paula had her left hand in between her own thighs and was pressing the edge of her hand into her blue jean covered crotch.

Maggie asked as they drew closer to Paula’s apartment. “Did you get a chance to print out that toy I asked for?”

Paula shook her head as if coming out of a trance. “Sorry, I was just mentally replaying sealing Phil’s cock away and gluing it shut.”

Magie chuckled “Speaking of Phil’s cock, did you make that toy I requested?” Maggie asked her again.

It was Paula’s turn to chuckle “Yes, and I am more than willing to test drive it tonight.”

Maggie smiled widely as they parked her car near Paula’s apartment. The two friends got out and arm in arm they walked quickly to Paula’s door. Paula unlocked the door and waved Maggie inside. Maggie entered and sat on Paula’s sofa. Paula locked the door behind her and headed off to her bedroom “I’ll just fetch our new toy.”

Paula returned to the sofa, sat down next to Maggie and put the item in her lap. Maggie picked up the purple colored item and immediately noted it was soft to the touch and flexible, not like the items Paula usually printed.

“That,” Paula said with pride in her voice, “is our silicone infused plastic. Flexible, soft to the touch, and more importantly safe for human use.”

Maggie held up the double ended dildo in the center, allowing her to admire its construction and lifelike details.

“This is Phil’s erection?” Maggie asked.

“It’s based on the photos you sent me.” Paula told her “Assuming those were Phil, then yes.”

“It seems different,” Maggie was turning the object over in her hands examining it closely.

Paula nodded, “Well for one thing, there are no balls, just shafts, so that makes it appear longer.”

“I suppose that’s part of it.” Maggie nodded agreement. “How did you make it soft yet firm?”

“There is a more solid core of one of the stiffer plastics inside it.” Paula explained. “I can 3-D print almost any of our plastics on top of other plastics and they will bond together.”

“It’s almost like Phil is here with us,” Maggie commented, holding it in her hands.

Paula smiled “What if it’s like a voodoo doll thing?” she replied.

“Voodoo doll thing?” Maggie sounded slightly confused by the comment.

“Yes,” Paula explained “Since that is a 3-D representation of Phil’s erect cock, will he feel it when we are using it to fuck each other?”

Maggie laughed out loud “If it works that way, poor poor pitiful Phil. He’s going to be even more sexually frustrated by the time we finish.”

“How frustrated?” Paula asked.

“Many times,” Maggie grinned. “Very frustrated.”

Paula smiled. “You know who else is sexually frustrated, right now?”

Maggie tossed the dildo onto the coffee table and pulled Paula in for a deep kiss. After they broke the kiss Maggie asked “Who?”

Paula picked up the toy and stood up. “Me,” she said simply and led the way into the bedroom. Maggie was already pulling her clothes off as she stood and followed Paula.

Luckily enough for Phil, a 3-D printed double ended dildo based on his penis, did not work as a voodoo item. Maggie and Paula gave it a very thorough test drive for the rest of the night. Unluckily for Phil, he was already very sexually frustrated anyway.

#### Fantastic Plastics that night.

Phil was completely frozen in place, the plastic shell fit him like a glove. It wasn’t cutting into him anywhere, there was no pinching of his skin, it actually helped support his weight. Really his only complaint was his cock being pointed downwards and confined to only expand so far before the plastic prison stopped it from becoming an erection.

“Okay Phil, there’s a long night ahead of you,” Phil consoled himself. “Just stop thinking about the situation.”

Of course this was comparable to the old joke about telling someone not to think about pink elephants, the minute you mention them, they start thinking about them. Every time Phil would tell himself, “Don’t think about the situation,” his brain almost immediately started performing an inventory of his situation.

“Don’t think about it!” one part of Phil told the rest of him.

Another part would reply, “Don’t think about what exactly?”

“You know!” the first part warned the rest.

A chorus of brain parts replied, “No, what are you talking about?”

“Our current situation!” part one responded.

“Oh, the whole ‘can’t move’ thing!” part two replied.

Brain part three asked, “Why can’t we move?”

Part four replied almost gleefully, “Because Maggie and Paula have sealed us inside an unbreakable plastic shell, that is effectively welded shut around our body.”

“I thought the glue / solvent turned the plastic pieces into one piece?”

“Welded shut, sealed shut, turned into a single piece of plastic, does it really matter when we are inside it?” part four spoke up again.

“The best part?” Phil’s kinky side spoke up “We’ll be put on display tomorrow, no one but Maggie and Paula know we are in here. So everyone looking at us will only see a statue, an object. You’ve fantasized about this kind of situation since puberty!”

Then all the parts would groan in frustration because of course his cock would respond to the litany of how stuck he was by trying to grow hard. Expanding, expanding, hitting the unforgiving limits of the plastic. Deflating only slightly, to grow again, to hit the limit again, over and over again. A perpetual cycle of almost hard, but not completely soft either. Phil spent a large part of his night either mentally whimpering or desperately trying to not think. Sometimes he’d manage a whole 15 minutes of sleep, before awakening to his trapped cock hitting its plastic limits.

#### Saturday morning outside.

After a strenuous night of sexual escapades, Maggie and Paula were in no rush to wake up early. Besides, the big event at the plastics factory was scheduled for noon. So they lazily snuggled in bed for a few extra hours before Maggie mentioned.

“Are you hungry?” Maggie rolled over in bed and asked Paula.

Paula opened her eyes “I could eat, want to hit the diner before we go in?”

“After last night's workout, I can afford the calories from a good breakfast.” Maggie patted her tummy.

“Although I do feel sorry for Phil.” Paula commented as she headed to the bathroom to clean up.

“Phil?” Maggie asked in a teasing tone of voice, “Who is this Phil person you are talking about?”

“Very funny Maggie!” Paula yelled from the bathroom “You know who.”

“Oh you mean the fellow we locked inside a statue and left on display in the lobby of your business?” Maggie replied.

“Yes, that Phil.” Paula returned from the bathroom. “He has nothing to eat or drink in there.”

Maggie threw a small pillow at Paula. “Like I’d forget Phil!”

“You had me worried there for a moment.” Paula caught the pillow and threw it back. “I wouldn’t want you to forget me all sealed up and helpless somewhere.”

“Never,” Maggie made a cross her heart gesture as she moved off the bed and over to Paula. She gave Paula a quick kiss and headed to the bathroom to wash up herself, but added. “And I’d never leave Phil stuck and alone.”

“If we want to do this statue idea again, we’ll have to think up a way to keep Phil watered and drained at least.” Paula commented as she pulled clothes out of her dresser.

Maggie borrowed some clean clothes from Paula and they both got ready to head out.

As they drove to the diner for breakfast Maggie asked Paula, “You said this new plastic is porous on the molecular level?”

“Yes,” Paula confirmed. “So it can pass air and water vapor through it.”

“But not liquid water?” Maggie inquired.

“No,” Paula replied, “Liquid water molecules are too large, they bead up on the surface and roll off.”

“So Phil’s skin can breathe through the plastic shell and feel temperature changes.” Maggie commented, “But if you hit him with a water sprinkler it would just roll off?”

“Yes.” Paula paused and thought. “Yes, I believe so. I’d want to test it first to confirm, but that’s how it should work. Why?”

Maggie grinned wickedly. “Because I might just have an idea to solve several problems keeping Phil inside a shell long term, but still putting him on very public display for a long time.”

Paula smiled. “Do tell?”

“Not yet. Let me think on it for a bit.”

Paula pouted. “Two brains are better than one.”

“After breakfast, I’ll tell you my idea.” Maggie pulled up in front of the diner and parked. “Right now I’m starving!”

#### Saturday morning inside.

Meanwhile, at about the same time, Phil awoke with a start and was disoriented for a moment.

“Why can’t I move?” he thought “Where am I?”

Waking up unable to move was not a new situation for Phil, previous adventures with his friend Maggie had him waking up in all kinds of extreme bondage. He found he was able to open and close his eyes, so he blinked a few times as his brain rebooted and his memories kicked in.

That’s right, I’m sealed inside a plastic statue and in the lobby of the Fantastic Plastics factory. Just then his cock reacted to his memories and hit the limits of the plastic shell it was trapped inside of. Phil winced internally and mentally remarked to himself “And my cock is locked inside what is effectively a plastic chastity device.”

Phil had never used or experienced a chastity device before. He was unsure of the appeal of being kept in a perpetual state of denial. Although it did keep him aware of his predicament rather constantly, and on the verge of erection endlessly. He could imagine that in some circumstances a man would do nearly anything for the key holder and that would have a certain appeal in some relationships. Unfortunately there was no key for Phil to beg for, he was in chastity till they disassembled his faux statue shell.

Mentally sighing to himself in anticipation of a very long day of frustration, he noticed that the sheet they had draped over him seemed to be brighter. Did someone turn on the lights? Is that what woke him up from his on and off slumber?

#### Diner time and future ideas.

Maggie and Paula slid into a booth. The waitress poured them each a cup of coffee and remarked “You two again? You are getting to be regulars around here.”

“Another weekend event at the Plastics Company,” Paula commented.

The waitress nodded, “Are you ready to order?”

“I’ll take the 2 egg special, hash browns, wheat toast, bacon, and eggs over easy. Thanks.” Maggie promptly ordered.

Paula hesitated for a moment. “A bowl of oatmeal, a side of fresh fruit, and sourdough toast please.”

“Coming right up.” The waitress said, smiling.

Maggie gave Paula a great big smile.

Paula gave Maggie her own grin right back, then said, “So, the idea?”

“Which idea?”

“The idea where we can put Phil on public display for a long period of time safely, idea.”

Maggie continued to smile. “I know which Idea, I just like to hear it said out loud.”

“True, it is fun to say.” Paula agreed, then dramatically and slowly added. “So how can we, keep Phil, sealed up inside a very public display, for a long period of time, while tormenting him sexually?”

“Did you ever see that old B&W movie Metropolis?” Maggie asked, seemingly at random.

Paula nodded her head “The one about the mad scientist turning his girlfriend into a robot, Maria. The designer of the C3P0 costume said he was inspired by her design.”

“Exactly. Now here’s my idea.”

Paula leaned in as Maggie softly explained her idea and they waited for their breakfast to be served.

#### A grand unveiling.

An hour or so later both women were waiting in the lobby of Fantastic Plastics for the unveiling of the various art projects staff had designed as part of the company's plan to 3-D print famous pieces of art for clients who desired the look of classic art pieces but at a fraction of the cost and scalable to fit in their own houses.

The company president Mr Barclay was in attendance along with Mikey the sales guy and most of the executives and staff. People were milling around waiting for the event to start when Maggie and Paula arrived.

Mr Barclay waved Paula over.

Paula told Maggie, “Boss needs me, be right back.”

“I’ll be standing next to our statue.”

Paula turned away and made her way through the crowd over to her big boss. “Yes Mr Barclay?” Paula asked once she arrived at his side.

“Hello Paula,” he said enthusiastically, “Another exciting potential product line and you are the inspiration.”

“Thank you Sir,” Paula preened.

“Expect a rather sizable bonus check in your paycheck soon.” Mr Barclay was all smiles.

Paula was momentarily silenced by the announcement, then gathered her wits to say. “Again, thank you sir. Very kind of the company.”

“No less than you deserve” Mr Barclay said, then lowered his voice “Also your other special project is starting to bear fruit. The lab boys are having a field day with all the data you gathered. Someday I’d like to meet your guinea pig.”

“I’m just glad I get to design things using your machines.” Paula said humbly, and not commenting on his request to meet Phil. “I love being creative and seeing them become real.”

“Spoken like a true engineer.” Mr Barclay told her. “Go enjoy yourself, can’t wait to see what you’ve printed for us today.”

“I think you’ll appreciate it sir.” Paula told him and then wandered off to find Maggie in the crowd. She found her near the draped form of the statue of David containing Phil.

“What did the big boss want?” Maggie inquired once Paula was near.

Paula smiled. “He wanted to tell me what a great job I’m doing and to expect a bonus.”

“Well you deserve it.” Maggie hugged her in congratulations.

Paula held onto Maggie and whispered in her ear. “Also he wanted to let me know our other special project was bearing fruit, and he’d love to meet Phil someday.”

“He wants to meet Phil?” Maggie whispered into Paula's ear.

“Not by name.” Paula clarified, still holding Maggie close. “He said the lab boys were having a field day with the data and he’d like to meet our guinea pig.”

“I can only imagine,” Maggie said and they stepped back from each other finally.

Mikey the sales guy was bearing down on them from across the room, trying to part the crowd to get to them. When he finally managed to push through the crowd, Maggie stepped back so they could talk with a hint of privacy.

“So we are going to start with your piece, Paula,” Mikey told her. “Mr Barclay insisted, he said, might as well start with the star of the show first.”

Paula nodded her head and blushed slightly. “Thank you.”

“Is it ready to go?” Mikey asked.

“It’s been ready since last night.” Paula told him with a secret little smile on her face. Thinking to herself, “Since last night is when we sealed Phil inside it.”

“Okay let’s get this party started.” Mikey turned away from Paula and pulled out a portable microphone.

While Mikey was getting the event started Paula pulled out her phone and activated the app that would send sounds to Phil’s earbuds inside the statue. She held it casually in her hand with her arms crossed so the microphone was up and pointing at the crowd in general and Mikey specifically. Maggie stood behind her with a hand on her shoulder, supporting her friend.

Mikey's voice using the microphone was amplified and emerged from speakers hidden in the ceiling tiles. “Welcome Ladies and Gentlemen to the grand opening of our new product line, Affordable Art for Everyone,” he announced with a lot of showmanship and grand gestures.

A decent amount of applause greeted his announcement, Mr Barclay was smiling and the executives standing around him managed to paste smiles on their faces too.

“Kicking off our grand opening with a scale model of the statue of David using the latest materials and printing processes, Paula from R&D!” Mikey Introduced her.

Paula stepped forward and took the microphone from his hand “Hi everybody! As Mike just mentioned when I heard about this exciting new product line I knew immediately what I wanted to print out. The Statue of David is recognized around the world as a great piece of art. But what a lot of people don’t know is it stands nearly 20 feet tall. Not exactly a handy size for your house or even a normal sized garden.”

Paula continued with her remarks “Even a marble reproduction at 7 feet tall would weigh between 850-950 pounds. But with our new self sealing plastics I can print a hollow shell, assemble it, mount it on a platform, even fill it with sand for weight and it’ll only weigh 250 pounds. You’ll all agree that it will be much easier to move around 250 instead of 900 pounds.”

“With that, I present” Paula handed the microphone back to Mikey and stepped over to the curtain draped over her statue. “Mini-David!” she said and pulled it off.

The applause was loud and long this time, the classic lines of the world famous statue gazed out over the crowd, with its roughly seven feet total height it was taller than everyone in the crowd, but not looming over them like the real one would have. Paula still had the sound turned on for Phil to listen to as she stood to the side and let people admire the statue up close. Mikey seemed to be in no rush to unveil the next exhibit and soon a steady stream of onlookers wanting a closer look were queueing up. Paula looked on with justifiable pride while Maggie stood slightly out of sight behind her.

Paula still held her active phone and hoped Phil could hear the comments as people gazed at the statue.

“Paula,” one of her coworkers asked her “I don’t see any seams, you say it's a hollow shell?”

“Yes Colin,” Paula told him “It’s the new process that lets us weld it together using the plastic solvent. Assuming you print it with very tight margins it’ll effectively become one solid piece when you are done.”

“Well excellent work,” he complimented her and then moved on. “You’d think it was one solid cast piece.”

As he moved off there was a break in the foot traffic.

“Yes, you would think that it is one solid piece looking at the final product.” Maggie leaned over Paula’s shoulder to comment into her phone. “Wouldn’t you Phil?”

“Maggie” Paula grinned “That’s just mean. Phil’s going to think he’s been permanently sealed inside there with comments like that.”

“Isn’t he?” Maggie left the parting comment then moved back again as another person examined the Mini-David.

A woman coworker turned to Paula and asked “This is an accurately scaled down model of the real statue of David?”

Paula paused then answered “I’d say 95% accurate. Why do you ask?”

“The genitals are prominent, I had heard they were quite small on the real statue,” she told Paula.

Paula chuckled and leaned in close. “I’ll tell you a secret. The first time I printed the genitals they didn’t look right when I did a test fitting.”

“No?” the woman remarked “What did you do, scale them up?”

“Genitals don’t always scale up in all dimensions.” Paula continued “So I had to resort to an alternate method.”

“How’d you fix them?” She looked at them and then back to Paula.

Just then Maggie leaned in and interrupted the conversation “I waited for my boytoy to fall asleep, scanned his junk and then had Paula 3-D print it.”

Paula’s coworker looked shocked at Maggie’s interruption but then smiled and started laughing. “Oh that’s hilarious, you could have just said you didn’t want to tell me. Scanned her boytoy’s junk.” She wandered off chuckling at what she thought was a good joke.

Paula hissed at Maggie “You can’t tell people that, what if it gets back to the big bosses?!”

“She thinks I’m joking.” Maggie reassured Paula “She’ll laugh all the way home.”

Luckily the crowd to see the Mini-David had thinned out and Mikey was getting ready to introduce the next piece of 3-D art for sale. The next exhibit was across the room and the crowd followed him over.

“You're incorrigible Maggie,” Paula told her, once everyone was out of earshot.

“Yes,” Maggie whispered in Paula’s ear “Of course some of that was to torment Phil.”

Slightly louder so that Phil would hear, Maggie modified her voice slightly and asked “So your statue is hollow huh?”

Paula played along, pretending it was a random question. “Yes, except I filled it with sand for the weight.”

“Instead of sand, could you Phil it with something else?” Maggie deliberately stressed the word Phil instead of fill, it was subtle but obvious to Paula and probably to Phil listening in.

“Yes you could use almost anything you like, expanding foam comes to mind, scrap material of some kind.” Paula continued to play along with Maggie’s deception. “Almost anything you could pour inside.”

“Could you assemble it around something?” Maggie asked in her disguised voice.

Paula smirked, but answered her “Like a metal armature or support?”

“I was thinking of something more organic.” Maggie smirked back. “Like sealing it shut around a person. Keeping someone helplessly stuck in the plastic shell with no hope of escape. Could you do that?”

“I suppose it’s possible.” Paula pretended to consider the idea. “But what kind of person would let themself be locked into such a tight shell. Unable to escape, unable to move a muscle, trapped inside an unbreakable plastic statue?”

Both women started giggling at each other's answers.

Maggie said in her normal voice. “Couldn’t help myself Phil, just teasing you.”

“Hope you are enjoying being on display, Statue.” Paula added and then shut off the phone and deactivated the earbuds.

“Seriously, you think he’s alright in there?” Paula asked Maggie once Phil couldn’t hear her.

“Phil loves this kind of thing.” Maggie reassured her “By the time we get him out of there he’ll be so randy he’ll fuck both our brains out.”

“I know he loves the bondage and gets off on secretly being in bondage at a public event.” Paula summarized, then added “But I’d feel better if we had the sensors monitoring him like in the sarcophagus.”

“This is just a proof of concept, a test run.” Maggie explained “Like the first version of the sarcophagus, it had nothing special, just a shell to hold Phil helpless.”

“True” Paula said “You have to walk before you can run.”

“Just wait till version 2.0,” Maggie hugged Paula “It’ll have all the sensors and gather so much data, your company will get everything it needs and Phil will have such a wild ride we might have to pry him out of it.”

“It’s a really great idea for the next version,” Paula smiled “Inspired, I’d even say.”

Maggie happily continued “Now all I have to do is convince Phil to take 10 days off work, without ruining the surprise.”

“Are you going to tell him up front?” Paula trailed off suggestively “Or start small and surprise him later?”

“Start small?” Maggie was intrigued.

“Tell him we need a display model for the weekend and a booth babe for the week, and could he help us out?” Paula suggested.

Maggie nodded. “That gets him to take the week off, he’ll already have the weekends off. That could work.”

Paula grinned. “Now all I need to do is convince management we should have a display booth at the event.”

“It’ll be a whole new market. They’ll probably give you another bonus.”

“As long as they keep letting me play with the toys.”

“Should we mingle and be sociable?”

“Yes,” Paula nodded. “Let’s mingle.”

The two friends wandered around admiring some of the other pieces of artwork on display. Some of it was quite clever, if smaller than the piece Paula did, of course none of them were hiding a living person inside their art. The only other large scale piece was a nicely rendered marble looking Venus De Milo by Paula’s rival George. One of the people Paula referred to as the “Bro Squad”. Dismissive of her work mostly because she was a woman and jealous of the attention she was receiving from management due to her accomplishments. Ever since George’s drunken public outburst at the Plastic Company’s open house George had been much more polite, obviously management had chastised him and he had been much more circumspect.

George was hovering around his piece, obviously proud of it. Paula essayed a comment, “Lovely detail work George. Your marbling effect is very nicely done.”

Maggie and Paula looked closely at the three foot rendition of the famous statue. George had programmed the plastic printer to replicate a marble finish. Managing to mingle a white shiny plastic with veins of black plastic to emulate polished marble.

“Thank you,” George responded after a brief pause. “Your replica is very nice too.”

Paula nodded and managed a smile, before she and Maggie wandered away to look at other pieces.

Maggie leaned in to whisper to Paula, “He was almost polite, I hope he didn’t pull a muscle trying to smile.”

Paula whispered back, “I think that’s the most words we’ve exchanged since the open house incident.”

“I’m surprised he kept his job after that.” Maggie commented as they continued to walk away.

“From what I hear it was hit and miss. The rumor mill said he had to go for counseling or they would have fired him.”

Maggie remarked, “Understandable.”

“Such a shame too.” Paula continued to talk and walk “He’s obviously talented, he just fell in with an angry crowd of male chauvinists.”

By now the two friends had circled the room and were headed back to the Statue of David. They noticed the company president Mr Barclay closely examining the statue.

“Amazing piece of work, this is using the new self welding plastic?” he asked Paula as she approached.

“Yes Sir.” Paula pointed to the left foot and traced the approximate position of one of the seams “Right here was one of the seams, as you can see with the tight printing margins and the glue solvent, it’s effectively become one piece of plastic, at least to the naked eye.”

Mr Barclay bent down to look. “I would never have guessed there was a seam there previously. Was it difficult to assemble?” he asked curiously, standing back up.

“Are you familiar with model cars, Sir?” Paula asked seemingly at random.

“Very,” He smiled at the memory, “used to build them all the time as a kid.”

“There was a line of model cars called Snap-Tight, sold as glueless models.”

“Yes, I remember those.” He nodded at her.

“Well I constructed the statue pieces using that technique. So not only did it snap together, like a model car, but by applying the glue solvent afterwards it becomes one piece of plastic.” Paula reached out and knocked on the statue with her knuckles.

“So you could ship these in a much smaller package as a do-it-yourself kit to people who want one?” Mr Barclay was thinking out loud.

“Yes sir, that would cut down tremendously on shipping charges versus an assembled model.” Paula complimented. “We’d need to provide clear instructions and warnings about the solvent. But it would be doable.”

“Speaking of the do-it-yourself market, Sir,” Paula leaned in closer, “I have a new idea.”

Maggie hovering just behind Paula smiled. It had been her idea, but Paula had to sell it to the big boss to get approval. So she was more than willing to let Paula claim it as her own. Besides, Paula would have to do all the 3-D engineering and printing to turn it into reality anyway.

Maggie nodded along as Paula explained their idea to Mr Barclay, he had several questions but he promised Paula he’d think about it and get back to her in plenty of time to set it up if he approved it.

“In the meantime, you and your friend should go home, maybe go out to dinner.” Mr Barclay waved them away “Excellent work on the statue, another home run for the company!”

Paula gathered up Maggie and they both departed the event early.

#### Later Saturday night.

Paula used her keys to open the doors and her badge to deactivate security. Once the security was turned off Paula relocked the doors from inside. She and Maggie made a beeline to her lab intending on swapping out the empty statue of David for the one Phil was inside of.

They had told Phil it wouldn’t be till Sunday night, but both of them worried about him not having anything to drink and no way to go pee or poop inside this version of a statue.

As they wheeled the empty statue into the lobby and parked it next to one Phil was inside of, Paula remarked to Maggie. “Next time we do this it’s for a full week.”

Maggie chuckled, then added “Agreed, Phil is going to love every minute of it.”

Paula laughed. “And curse us every minute of it.”

“You are getting to know Phil very well.” Maggie agreed.

“Okay let’s swap this out and get him back to the lab.”

“Ohhh, just one moment.” Maggie pulled out her phone and pressed some buttons. “I want him ready to play.”

Paula looked a question at Maggie, she replied “The butt plug, I set it to drive him mad level.”

“Good idea.” Paula was already pushing Phil down the hall with Maggie’s help.

Once they had him back in her lab, Paula turned on the lights to examine the statue one last time.

“Okay, all we have to do is soak a rag in the debonding agent and rub it over where we know the seams were.” Paula explained as she picked up a squeeze bottle and two small cloth towels, handing one to Maggie.

“Then take the pieces off in reverse order, right?” Maggie was already moving a step stool into position so she could reach the higher pieces.

“That’s correct.” Paula agreed. “So chest and backplate first.”

The two women applied solvent to the rags and then wiped the pieces of plastic. As if by magic a seam appeared again. They tugged and pried and eventually managed to pop the two parts into separate pieces. This revealed a section of Phil’s chest including his nipples which immediately reacted to the temperature change by sticking straight out.

“Dang I want to play with those, but now that these key pieces have been removed he might move or over balance.” Paula resisted the urge to pinch Phil’s erect nipples, but “accidentally” managed to blow on them.

As expected Phil reacted slightly. His uncovered torso flexing to the limits of the rest of his encased body parts.

Maggie said, “Careful there, I guess we’ll be letting his cock out last, just so you aren’t tempted.”

“Yes ma’am,” Paula said disappointedly, “Let’s do his neck and head next.”

The solvent was applied and the neck pieces removed, then the head coverings. Paula was careful to remove the faceplate down and out, reversing the inserting process.

Phil stood there, his body still mostly sealed in plastic but with his head and neck free for the first time in 24 hours. He worked his jaw for a few moments, rolled his head side to side and then said quietly “Some water please?”

“Oh of course, we should have anticipated,” Paula said and hurried off to get some for Phil.

Maggie standing on the step stool reached out and gently removed the earbuds from his ears. “You okay Phil?” Maggie asked softly after removing them.

“Yeah, that was intense,” he replied just as softly.

Just then Paula returned with a cup of water with a straw in it. “Don’t drink it all at once” she cautioned him.

Phil took several large sips but stopped himself from just draining the cup. “Oh that is the second thing I wanted to do once you got me out of here.”

“Second thing?” Paula asked curiously.

Yes second” Phil said then added firmly “The first is getting my cock out of that plastic chastity device you glued me inside of!”

Maggie couldn’t help but chuckle at Phil’s answer.

“Oh and Maggie?” Phil commented “Can you turn off the butt plug until I get out of it?”

“Anything you want Phil.” Maggie told him. “You’ve been an amazingly good sport.”

“Thank you,” Phil said sincerely, while Maggie dug out her phone and turned off the plug. “Now someone get me out of this plastic so I can fuck!”

Both women laughed at this and started applying their rags and solvent to his hips, legs and then his arms. Soon everything except the plastic locked around his cock was removed.

“Come sit on the sofa and we’ll get that off you.” Maggie helped Phil off the plastic podium he was standing on.

Paula followed them both to the sofa wondering why Maggie didn’t just remove it where Phil had been standing. Phil sat down and spread his legs wide, not so subtly hinting that they should start removing the plastic.

Maggie sat next to him and stroked his chest with her hand, she asked him “Now Phil, are you a little pent up?”

Phil growled “You have no idea how frustrating it is to get almost hard, never able to fully stiffen or get erect. Over and over and over again. It must have happened a hundred times in the last 24 hours.”

Paula had taken her clothes off and sat down on the other side of Phil and commented. “Poor Phil” Paula commiserated, while still wondering why Maggie wasn’t removing the device.

Maggie’s roaming hand dragged over Phil’s nearest nipple. Phil shivered in reaction and then grunted “Damnit Maggie.”

“Little Phil trying to rise to the occasion again?” Maggie asked in her most innocent voice.

Phil turned a suspicious eye towards Maggie. “Yes, and you know it. What do you want?”

“Phil, how suspicious of you,” Maggie purred, “We just let you out, what could we want so soon?”

Paula, still unsure of Maggie’s game, leaned in and whispered in Phil’s ear, letting her breath tickle his ear. “I know what I want Phil, your cock inside me.”

Phil’s body shivered again and he groaned in obvious pain. “Damnit Paula, that’s not fair.”

But he turned his head towards her and locked his lips to hers and gave her a thorough kissing. When he finally broke the kiss he begged her “Let me out, please.”

Maggie grabbed his chin and turned his face to hers and buried her tongue in his throat for a kiss, while using her hand on his chest to pinch his nipple. When she broke the kiss, he was left panting and moaning. His hands in his crotch squeezing his plastic covered cock, unable to break it free.

“That’s just not fair Maggie, let me out of this thing.” Phil begged softly, “I’ll do anything you want.”

“Anything?” Maggie still held his chin and lifted his face to look into his eyes. “Promise?”

“Yes Maggie, I promise,” Phil practically whimpered. “Just get this off me.”

“You heard him Paula, he promised,” Maggie said, “Let’s get that off him.”

Maggie started wiping the plastic with her solvent soaked rag. Paula twisted the tip and then removed it, then the parts on either side of Phil’s shaft, instantly the moment it was free Phil started getting erect.

“Eager little fellow isn't he?” Maggie commented at how quickly Phil had responded. Paula meanwhile continued to remove pieces and Phil’s entire cock was now free. Once he was free Paula seated herself on his lap and had his cock inside her. Phil leaned back into the sofa and was thrusting his hips immediately, Paula was lifted off the sofa by his cock, plunging it deep inside her.

Paula squealed as her entire body was lifted. Phil had powerful legs normally, but right now he was extremely motivated and she was in for a rough ride.

“Damn Phil!” Maggie remarked as Paula was lifted over and over again by Phil’s thrusting hips.

Phil had his head thrown back against the cushions and his eyes shut. His thigh muscles would only last so long he knew, so he increased the pace, frantically trying to cum before he ran out of steam.

Paula meanwhile was being thrown about like a ragdoll by Phil’s desperate thrusts. WIth him effectively lifting her entire body weight off the sofa using his cock, she did not think she could ever experience a deeper penetration. He was like a machine she thought as her first orgasm washed over her body.

She thought to herself, sometimes a girl just wants to be pounded. Out loud she encouraged Phil “Go Phil, cum for me, cum for me now!” she ordered him. Unsure if he was listening or not.

Maggie leaned in between the two of them and latched onto Phil’s nipple, nibbling it, sucking on it, licking it. While her hand reached for the other nipple, pinching it, twisting it, and squeezing it.

Phil managed to increase his speed slightly with this new encouragement from Maggie and Paula ordering him to “Cum now!”

On an upthrust from his hips the dam burst and he exploded inside Paula. She gasped out loud and squeezed him with her thighs as her own body shuddered in reaction to his cock exploding inside her. He slowly let his hips fall back down, with her body still firmly seated on his shaft. They both sat there gasping, panting and trying to catch their respective breaths. Maggie meanwhile had stopped abusing his nipples soon after he came. Not immediately mind you, but soon.

“Good Phil,” Paula said as she leaned her arms on his shoulders to support her weight.

Phil could only sit there panting and catching his breath, between breaths he managed to say “Thank you, that was a long time…cumming.”

Maggie hit Phil’s shoulder lightly. “Phil, that was horrible!” she teased him.

“Sorry, not sorry,” he managed to tell her while trying to catch his breath.

“Plus,” Maggie told him “You’ll be no good to me for at least an hour after a performance like that.”

“Again,” Phil said with a smile, “Sorry, not sorry.”

Paula chimed in, “Sorry, not sorry also.”

Maggie laughed at their comments “Fine, but next time we seal Phil up I get to ride him first!”

“Next time?” Phil said weakly “Already, planning a next time?”

Maggie grinned. “Oh Phil, you have no idea what you promised to do next.”

Paula added, “It’ll make the last model of the sarcophagus look like a kiddy toy.”

Phil said, “Doomed. I’m doomed.”

But Paula noticed his cock actually gave a small surge inside her, even after its recent draining, at the announcement.

Curious how much he’d respond, she told him “We are going to combine elements of the last model sarcophagus, this new statue style plastic material, and of course all that data the lab boys have been analyzing about your reactions to certain stimuli from the last adventures.”

Yes, she could feel his cock trying to stage a comeback even after the recent event. At some level Phil was more than ready to be turned back into an object to be toyed with by the two of them.

Maggie spoke up, “Don’t give him too much information, save a few surprises.”

Phil made a sound of disappointment.

Maggie reassured him “Don’t worry this will be the greatest adventure yet.”
