---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Holiday Surprise 2
authors:
- Pete
tags:
- FM-fff
- bondage
- kidnap
- cons
- X
date: 2003-10-27 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Holiday Surprise**](holiday_surprise.html))

Holiday Surprise
- part 2
by Pete
Holiday surprise part 3 by Pete
**Chapter Three**

Lyn woke me early the next morning she had already attached the chastity
device back in place and was uncuffing my wrists.
'Hurry up' she said 'Mia will be here shortly, get showered and come
downstairs'

I got out of bed, quickly showered and went down, she was in the kitchen,
Lyn gave me a coffee and told me to sit down. as i was drinking my coffee
she chained my ankle to a length of chain, this in turn was fastened to
the base of the cooker a length of some 30 feet.

'Listen Pete Mia's on her way over now. I have told her I think we can
trust you'

'Trust me?' I asked.

'Yes, trust you' Lyn replied. 'Mia will explain, look I have to dash.
Help yourself to some breakfast.'

She picked up her bag and the remote wand for my chastity control and
left.

Lyn must have left the control by the front door, when Mia arrived she
had the wand in her hand. Mia was in her early twenties of oriental appearance,
she was about 5' 8 black hair slim build. She was wearing jeans and a T-shirt,
obviously without a bra underneath as I could see her nipples through the
cotton, she had quite small breasts.

'Hello Pete' she said

'Morning Mistress' I replied.

'No need to call me Mistress Mia said. 'Lyn said we can trust you and
she's usually a good judge of character.

'Trust me to do what' I asked.

Mia unlocked the chain from my ankle. 'Go and get dressed' she said
unlocking the chastity device from around my cock. 'I will explain on the
way she added.

I dressed quickly. It was just coming light outside as we got in the
van parked outside. Mia drove and we set off down the lane.

'You going to tell me what's happening Mia?' I asked.

'OK' she replied. "As you know Lyn and I apart of a group that own the
lodge. Your girlfriend left you here and we paid for her holiday. We don't
usually have to pay, but we were if a fix. The 3 women were going to pick
up filled in the application form on our web page. They all have fantasies
about being abducted by a couple and held as sex slaves. their details
are on the papers there on the dash."

Mia pointed to the papers, I picked them up.

The first women was Marlene.
Age 59, BI curious, divorced, 5' 9, 
The form also gave details about their desires and vital statistics.
Marlene I noticed had 36d breasts and wanted to have her pubic hair shaved
off by another women.
It also had her address and time she was to be kidnapped.

The second women was Tracy
Age 32, BI curious, single, 5' 9
Tracy's fantasy's included just about everything you could think of,
I looked for her breast size.  36dd, those sound fun  I thought
to myself.

'What do you think' Mia asked?

'You bet I'll help you' I replied.

'I thought you might say that' said Mia smiling.

'Who are we picking up first' I asked.

'Marlene' said Mia. 'Then Tracy, then Karen.

I looked at the final women's details.
Karen.
Age 37, BI curious, divorced, 5' 10
I stared at the address, 151 Broad Street, Bareton.

'Bloody hell' I exclaimed.

'What's the matter' asked Mia

'This is my Girlfriend's sister' I said?

Mia looked across at me. 'Is that a problem' she asked?

'Not if I can get away with it without Andrea finding out' I replied.

I had always secretly lusted after Karen, she was similar in appearance
to Andrea, but had the most enormous boobs. I carried on reading her form.
Her desires included breast bondage, pussy torture, forced oral both male
and female. I checked her bust size, 34g. I knew this already has I had
picked up one of her bra's in her bathroom and looked at the label on it.

'OK' said Mia. when we kidnap Karen you wait outside, I'll blindfold
her. Then when we get back to the lodge, you can reveal yourself to her
there.'

'She has the most enormous breasts' I said.

'I take it that means you fancy her then' Laughed Mia.

I grinned back.

We arrived at Marlene's and parked round the back. The back door was
open, we both walked through into the lounge. Marlene was sat on the sofa.

'Hello, I'm a little nervous about all this' she said.

'Don't be' replied Mia. 'Now remove your clothes, and it's Mistress
and Master from now' ordered Mia.

'Yes, Mistress' said Marlene as she began to strip.

Marlene was still fairly attractive for a women of nearly 60, it didn't
take her long to remove her clothes. Her tits sagged as she removed her
bra. She removed her panties to reveal a very hairy bush. Going to take
Mia some time to shave that I thought to myself. Mia took the ropes we
had brought with us. She ordered Marlene to clasp her hands behind her
back. She quickly looped a rope around her arms above her shoulders, winding
it round several times before cinching it off. Next she bound Marlene's
wrists tying them together she then ran the rope either side of her knotting
it in front. The 2 ends were then passed between Marlene's legs and looped
around her wrists at the back. Mia pulled the rope tight causing the rope
to pull tight into her crotch. She then tied them off around the rope holding
her arms together. Mia picked up the panties Marlene had been wearing.
Before Marlene could protest they were pushed into her mouth and taped
in place.

'I love gagging them with their own panties' said Mia. 'You OK Marlene?'
Marlene nodded and umpphed through her gag.

'OK lets get her in the van' Mia said.

We took Marlene out the back locking the door behind us as we went.
I opened the back of the van. Mia sat marlene on the back of the van 'Get
in' she said on your front. Marlene wriggled her way into the front of
the van. Mia tied Marlene's ankles together looped the rope over a bar
than ran across the back of the van and pulled her legs up. This caused
Marlene to slide back towards us. She moaned a little as Mia secured the
rope. Mia shut the van doors.

'One down, two to go' She laughed.

It took about 20 minutes to get to Tracy's house, I chatted with Mia
on the way wondering what would be the best way to deal with Karen. We
arrived at Tracy's and again parked round the back. The back door was open
and Tracy was in the kitchen, she stood up as we walked in. She was wearing
a skirt, blouse and black stilettos and as she stripped black stockings
and underwear. She removed her bra revealing a truly nice pair of tit's
with lovely big nipples. She dropped her panties and stepped out of them.
Tracy was about to remover her suspender belt when Mia told her to stop.

'Keep those on' Mia ordered.

Mia quickly tied Tracy the same way as Marlene had been bound. Mia turned
to me when she had finished binding her and told me to gag her. I picked
up Tracy's black panties and stuffed them into her mouth and taped them
firmly into place. From behind her I moved my hands down to her breasts
and massaged them. Tracy moaned through the gag. We took her out, locking
the door once again behind us. I pushed Tracy face first into the back
of the van till she was level with Marlene, then tied and secured her ankles
to the beam.

'You OK Marlene' I enquired as I tickled her feet. She squirmed and
squeeled through her gag. I reached forward and slapped Tracy's lovely
arse just to make her squeal also. I shut the door.

'Two down one to go' laughed Mia. We got back in the van and set off
for Karen's.

'I usually like them completely naked' Mia said, 'but she looked just
great in those stockings,'

'I think we are going to work together fine on this' I told Mia. 'How
long we looking after these ladies for?'

'3 Nights' Mia replied.

Once again the conversation turned to Karen and how we would deal with
it. I was desperate to have her at my mercy and play with those lovely
big titties. Mia pointed out that she would be unlikely to tell Andrea,
and even if she did how could Andrea be mad after she had sold me into
this anyway. As I wanted to undress Karen myself it was decided Mia would
go into the house tie Karen blindfold and gag her while I waited outside.

We arrived at Karen's, Mia got out and went in the house I sat in the
van and waited. After a short while Mia returned pushing Karen in front
of her. Mia had put a small black cloth sack over Karen's head and taped
it around her neck, Karen was wearing a short blue summer dress. The dress
was pulled down tight by the ropes hiding her crotch but it's outline was
clearly visible, her tan stockings and white suspenders were exposed. The
tops on the dress had fallen off her shoulders revealing the white straps
of her bra. Her enormous tit's looked even bigger because of the ropes
pulling her elbows together. Mia put her in the back of the van, securing
her in the same way as Tracy and Marlene.

Getting back in the driver's seat Mia smiled at me. 'Jesus Pete you
were right about her tit's'.

We set off for the lodge.

On the way back we decided to stop for lunch. We found a spot were you
could sit outside, so we could keep an eye on the van containing the goodies.
As we ate our lunch we laughed about getting stopped by the police and
having to explain the contents to them. I asked Mia if she had gagged Karen
with the panties she was wearing. Mia told me that she hadn't been wearing
any, so she had made her get the ones she had worn to work the day before
from the laundry basket.

No panties on I thought, she must be all horny and frustrated. We finished
our meal and got back in the van. It took us another half hour to reach
our destination, as we turned onto the dirt track that led to the lodge
Mia pulled over.

'Lets have some fun' she said as she got out of the van.

I jumped out and followed her to the back, she opened the door. Between
the suspended ankles lay three exposed asses, rope running tightly trough
them.

'Who needs to pee' asked Mia

Marlene immediately mmphed and wiggled, then Tracy indicated as best
she could that she also wanted to. Karen stayed silent. Mia undid Marlene's
ankles as I undid Tracy's. We eased them both out of the van and onto their
feet. Mia undid the crotch ropes letting it hang from their wrists.

'OK' she said 'Hurry up'

Marlene and Tracy soon realised they both had to squat where they were
and pee. Tracy went first then Marlene followed suit. They both finished
and stood up clearly embarrassed at what they had both had to do. Mia retied
the crotch ropes.

'You two can walk the rest of the way now' She told them 'and quickly
to or you will both be in big trouble.'

She pushed them both up the track. We both got back in the van and followed
slowly behind them. Marlene was finding it easier to keep the pace as she
was barefoot, every so often though she stood on a stone and winced. Tracy's
high heels were not suited to the track and she was struggling to keep
ahead of the van. Mia stopped the van got out and pulled Tracy back to
the van. Opening the back doors she pushed her inside, slamming the door
behind her. Marlene had kept walking and we caught her up just as we arrived
at the lodge.

Marlene stood in front of the lodge as we got out of the van. Mia said
she would deal with Tracy first, I stood and watched as she opened the
back of the van and pulled Tracy out. She got two lengths of rope and marched
Tracy away from the house. 'Sit she' ordered, pushing Tracy onto her bottom
in the dirt. She took one of the ropes and tied it tightly around Tracy's
breast letting the end fall loose. Mia then did the same with the other
breast. when this was done she pushed Tracy onto her back. Pulling her
left ankle up to her right breast she tied the her ankle as tightly as
Tracy's suppleness would allow. Repeating the process with her right ankle
and left breast she stood up and looked down at her handy work.

Tracy struggled to sit up but was unable to, she moaned through her
gag.
Mia walked back towards me. 
'You sort Karen out I'll entertain Marlene' she said.

'How long you going to leave her like that' I asked.

'Not to long' she replied.

I looked back a Tracy struggling in the dirt, but my mind was on other
things, KAREN, and her enormous tits.

I untied Karen's ankles and eased her out of the van, standing her up
I led her into the house, pushing her lovely behind. I took her down into
the basement. Once in the basement I undid the crotch rope, her dress was
stuck in her pussy so I gently pulled it free. Seating her down on a high
backed chair easing her arms over the back of the chair I secured the loose
rope to its base. Taking more rope I bound Karen's thighs apart to the
top of the chair legs, before securing her ankles to the base of the rear
legs. she was spread wide, her dress had ridden up to the top of her thighs
exposing her pussy. I noticed her pubic hair was trimmed, just a small
V above her moist slit. I pushed my hand down into it, rubbing her clit
between my finger and thumb, till it was erect and protruding. I continued
to rub till she came, moaning through the gag.
