---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Masters Big Case
authors:
- Adam N. Eaves
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- bond
- rope
- suitcase
- encase
- locked
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2011-07-22 00:00:00
---

In Memory of Diane, my soulmate, who sadly passed away after her fight with cancer and is sadly missed. I hope in leaving this legacy to your readers that they can appreciate how much fun we had in acting out these fantasies.

Authors Note: Just as a background whenever I was away on business Diane used to send me horny emails, often I would read these during meetings etc. As you can imagine it was quite distracting to say the least. I have made them into this series of stories called 'Away on Business'. I bet you wished your girlfriend sent you horny emails like this when you were away on business!

It was time for Diane slave girl to have some time in the suitcase; he prepared her by tying her hands behind her back and then tightly binding the remaining chord around her body; around her middle, her tits and neck, there would be no way she could get out from that; he placed her at the edge of the case teasing her, letting her smell the leather interior that was to be her prison.

Diane flexed her muscles for the last time before she was about to be placed in the case; there was barely any room in there and her pussy leaked slightly at the softness of the case for the first time as she squeezed her thighs tightly together and assumed the position; she surveyed her master one last time as she wriggled her feet down into the bottom corner of the case and nestled her bottom into the other corner; all trussed up like some ready to pack chicken, she sighed and her pussy muscles contracted.

Now she lowered her head into position in the darkness of the case; once again the smell excited her senses as she tucked her head right down towards her knees; the suitcase smell mingling with the aroma of her own juices as her pussy began to trickle down her legs.

Master pulled the suitcase top over her and began to slowly zip up the sides, as Diane squirmed about inside, taking big gulps of air ready for her captivity; the soft leather top felt good against her skin as she tucked in even further into every crevice of that case.

Slowly the two zips were pulled towards the middle as Master pressed down on her body to squash it tightly in place, what little light there was now fading and the air becoming rich with her own breath and pussy juices; she clenched her legs together and tried not to come just yet; the feeling was ultimate pleasure of being encased in the suitcase once more and going to that special place.

It was complete now; Master padlocked the two zipper rings together and buckled up the straps over the top, forcing Diane’s body even further down into the case; as she squirmed about trying to free herself, she could feel the orgasm beginning to build within her loins; the pleasure, the pain, the lack of air, the stars in her head; the explosion that was the perfect thrill; oh how she loved her master for showing her such joys, she almost passed out as she came the second time, her body shuddering, the case almost moving across the floor.

[THE END]
