---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/tryst.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Tryst
authors:
- Dominatrix Bella
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- hotel
- bond
- gag
- bdsm
- rope
- bfold
- tease
- torment
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2012-04-05 00:00:00
---

I wait impatiently to hear you knocking on my hotel door. Pacing back and forth I almost miss the sound, my thoughts are so loud and you knock so quietly. I look out to see you holding a bottle of wine and two glasses and looking around furtively. I open the door and pull you inside then quietly close the door. I push you against the wall to kiss you putting my hands on either side of your face to feel your beard beneath my fingers. I pull on your beard as I kiss you forcing you to kiss me hard. I let go and run my hands down to your shirt bottom. Finding the opening I slide my hands up to your nipples and pinch them. My hands are cold and you protest a bit, but I bite your lip and say sternly “Don't move!”

You say..."yes Mistress" and put your arms around me, still clutching the bottle and glasses.

I push you away and say "I told you not to move and you did. That will cost you my Pet"

"But Mistress... I was only trying to hold you!"  You protest.

"My Pet, you must do what I say. I must teach you that. There are times that will be very important and times it will be just because it is what I wish. Either way, you need to be obedient. Now, Set down the glasses, open the wine and pour us each a glass, then, in silence, strip and present for me".
You dutifully obey, watching me take my things from a black leather satchel on the floor. I remove my black ropes, a blindfold, a shrew's fiddle, a small assortment of floggers, a black velvet bag that you cannot ascertain its contents, a length of chain and a few clips and such. After you have poured the wine, you hand me my glass of wine and bow submissively and then begin to remove your clothes under my watchful eye. My look is smoldering lust and I choose to run my hands down your back and body making your task more difficult.

You say "Mistress, you are not making this easy!" My eyes flash and I say "Did I not tell you to do this in silence! Stop, right now!" You have removed all but your underwear and you stand still. I take out your collar and fasten it on your neck, padlocking the hasp to be sure of security. To your collar, I fasten a chain, a fairly heavy one about six feet long. I wrap some of the excess chain around my hand leaving a short tail. "Get on your knees!"
You obediently comply and then look up at me. "Now, my Pet, remove my panties with your teeth."

You look surprised, but oblige me resting your body on all fours as you pull them down from under my short black silk robe. You begin at the side and drag them down, stealing kisses occasionally to test my mettle. I lift each foot as you remove them from my feet. "Now hold them in your teeth and back up on your knees!" I take them from you and run my hand lovingly over your beard before giving you a slap.

"Open wide, my Pet" I say. You open your mouth wide and I stuff them inside, then I reach into the bag and remove a rubber horse's bit to which I've added a leather buckling strap. I fit this between your teeth and around your head and buckle it. Then I slip a small padlock through the hasp just like the one that is locking your collar. I walk back to the front of you. "You see, my Pet, now you cannot talk, nor can you service me with your kisses and tongue the way I would wish. In this way, we both lose. This will make me testy and you will bear that burden, I assure you."
I see you slightly shift your weight from knee to knee. "Are your knees bothering you? I can fix that my Love. Then get on the floor!" With this I drop some of the chain and step on it shortening the length and forcing your head to the floor. You lay prostrate, face down to the wooden floor, wondering what I will do next. I walk to the front of you and lift your chin with the toe of my boot. "I believe it is time to begin, my Pet" and I reach over and choose my first flogger.
I mull over my choices and decide on a nice medium weight, rubber stranded whip, I straddle your back sitting on your legs. I let the whip drag down your back as I enjoy the shivers it produces. I listen to the sound of your breathing.

"Now, you do understand that you disobeyed me, correct my Pet?" You muffle some sort of answer and this makes me laugh. "Just nod your head my Love". You nod. And the whip comes down hard on your back. You make a sound of pain and your hands come back to grab the whip.

"Don't you dare move!" I say quietly but menacingly and I jerk the chain hard. I see you wince and hear you attempt to gasp. "Do you understand me? I will change to the paddle if you misbehave ...do you  understand?" You nod vigorously. "Very Good!" And once again the whip comes down in several successive hits....One! Two! Three! Four! I count out quickly. I watch as your hands are above your head, fists clenched together. I stand up and walk to the front of you again, tilting your chin with my foot once again. "Do you think you've have enough of a whipping my Pet? What? I can't hear you, so I must assume that is a no. I don't think I've had enough quite yet.
“Now get up!" I pull on the chain as you struggle to your feet. "Bend over the bed!" I command, pulling you to its side.

It is a beautiful bed with large pine logs as a frame, stained in clear finish to keep the room light and bright looking. As you near the side of the bed, I pull the chain to stop you. I turn you to face me and nuzzle your nipple before taking a light bite. I hear the moan and see the drool coming from the corner of your mouth. "Such a good Pet" I say as I get the handcuffs. I lock your wrists in front of you and push you down on the bed. I see, through your underwear, that your cock is hard and I climb on top of you. I have the blindfold in my hand and I lay it down.

"You look so very tempting, my Pet....." I grab your cuffed hands and hold them for support. I pull your underwear partly down and slide my sex up and down your hard cock, very much enjoying the sensation. I watch your eyes close as you obviously enjoy it too. I do not want you close to climaxing just yet so I climb off, much to your chagrin, and walk around to the other side of the bed. I pull the chain attached to your collar over your head and also pull your cuffs over your head as well. I wrap the chain around the cuffs and then pull them tight and secure them to the bed frame with rope.

While I am there I place the blindfold on your eyes. Walking around you, I tie your ankles to the bed frame with rope as well. Once secured, I take a knife out of my purse and quickly lift your blindfold and flash it before your eyes. "See that Pet? That is for you." You start to squirm but I tell you to be still and you wisely do...for a moment. I take the dull side of the cold blade and start to run it down your chest. You shiver from the sensation. Once I get to your crotch, I wait for a moment and watch the sweat begin to form on your body. Then I lift your underwear and use the knife to cut them off. You breathe a sigh of relief.
Once this is done,  I get the riding crop. I tease your legs with the crop, gently tapping here and there working my way up. I get to your crotch and begin to tap your balls. Lightly and quickly, over and over I tap them. Then one slightly harder slap, Harder than you anticipate and it makes you squirm. Tap tap tap tap...slap! Once again and then again. I take the crop and run it up your side watching you squirm as it tickles you. I hold the crop near the end and tap your nipples quickly, one after the other in succession each time getting a bit harder until you make begging noises through the gag. I reach down to your dick and caress it lovingly, tugging you to pull your balls free of your legs. I take my other hand and hold them tight in my palm and I begin to squeeze.

"So, my Pet, I am enjoying my toys.... do I need to abuse them to make you learn your lesson?" You shake your head no quite quickly but I squeeze harder and harder until your back arches and you make quite a bit of noise through the gag. I release them all at once, the drop almost as painful as the squeeze. Bending down I take you in my mouth, tasting what I have been craving for so very long. Your body relaxes and begins to move with my rhythm. You make sounds of panic and I realize you must be getting close.... so I suck you in a bit harder, a bit quicker and a bit deeper. You start to squirm, not wanting cum without permission and make me angry again.
I stop myself and bend down to untie your ankles. "Flip over" I command. You do so to the best of your ability. I once again tie your ankles and choose another whip. This time I choose the rope flogger. It is made of black rope, very similar to what I use to tie you. The strands are not knotted at the ends but frayed. It can be the gentlest or harshest of my floggers depending on my application. I lay the whip on the bed next to you and retrieve a couple more things from my bag. I lay those on the bed also before running my hands from the backs of your thighs up your buttocks and across your back. I reach down and bite your butt...and yes I do see you smile. You feel the bed shift as I climb onto it. I lay on my side next to you with my head propped on my elbow.....I take my long fingernail and begin to trace lazy circles on your back. Occasionally I travel to your side which really makes you wiggle. I notice, when you do move, that there is far more slack in your bonds than I wish. To remedy this, I get two more ropes. In turn I tie a rope around each of your knees and then, since you are across the bed sideways, secure one to the headboard and the other knee to the foot of the bed.
Now I have you tied quite tight and forced quite open as well. I reach under your crotch and pull my toys out from under you. I take a few clothespins out and begin to stretch the skin on your scrotum to attach them. One by one I clip them on you until you are holding six clips on each ball sack. I walk around to your front and unbuckle the gag. I remove my panties from your mouth. You lick your lips as best as you can and say “Thank you Mistress. I have learned my lesson. I will do as you ask. May I be released?”

“Oh no, Pet, not yet! I merely decided to get a sip of wine and thought you might like the same.” I stand before you drinking my wine and swirling the liquid in the glass before you. I tilt your head sideways and manage to get some of the burning liquid in your mouth. You swallow it greedily. “I believe I will leave the gag off now. I might ask your opinion on your thresh hold of pain.”
I return to your backside and pick up the whip. I bring it down on your ass fairly hard. It makes a delicious sound, as do you, but I am disappointed with the results and cast it aside. I kneel on the floor between your legs and rub your fine ass with my hand. Then I spank you. I hear the satisfying smack of my hand when it connects and I can see the redness begin to appear. I smile since that fills my need. Before I spank you again, I remove one of the clothespins by pulling it off. You give a small yelp at the pain of its release. When you do, I spank you again and then release another pin. And so it goes….pull the pin off, yelp, smack. Quite a nice melody to my ears. Once the clips have all been removed, I begin to untie your ankles, then your knees and then your wrist chain. I tell you to roll over and sit up, and, of course, you do.
I straddle your lap and put my arms around your neck. “May I kiss you Mistress?” You ask obediently.

“Oh yes, my Pet, yes!!!” and you place your cuffed hands over my head and kiss me passionately. “Just a few more delights for tonight, my Love” I say. When we are done kissing, I extract myself from your embrace and take my key and unlock your cuffs. You rub your wrists to ease the pain a bit and I tell you to drink some wine if you wish. You do so gratefully. While you are sipping, I unlock your collar and remove both collar and chain, leaving you naked of all binds.
I run my hands over you and enjoy the feel of your bare skin. I have missed this so much. You make the “purring” noise I like so much. “Mistress, how may I serve you now?” you say with a smile. I grab your beard and pull you to my mouth to kiss you. Your touch is all I need to spark my fire and I whisper huskily in your ear…. taste me my Pet. I lay down on the bed and motion for you to attend to my sex. You get on your knees and slide your arms under and around my thighs. I gasp immediately with pleasure and enjoy the skill of your mouth and tongue. I try to hold off and stop you occasionally, but each time I stop you it increases the intensity until I explode in a myriad of intense pleasure.
“That was truly wonderful, my Pet. Now I have something for you.” I lay you down on your back on the bed and kiss my way from your mouth to your nipples, where I stop and spend some time kissing, licking, biting and twisting…I do so love your nipples. I continue my way down until I reach your cock. I greedily take you into my mouth, savoring the taste. I run my tongue all around you and then drag my flat tongue slowly up the underside until you moan with your own pleasure. You reach down to grasp my head. “Oh no” I say “I’ll have none of that!” and I sit up.

“Oh Mistress! Please, please don’t stop now. ”

“Don’t fret, my Pet. I just need to keep those roving hands of yours where I want them.” I return to the bed with the Shrew’s Fiddle. I place it around your head and you hold up your wrists to allow me to close it. I fasten the latches and lock them in place. A very happy, contented smile crosses your face. I lay you back on the bed and then using two pieces of rope; I have you bend your knees and tie each leg around the bend to keep your knees bent. I go to my bag and come back with a small, thin, long toy. I apply a bit of lube to the toy and then I slowly work it into your ass. It is quite small but long and when I am satisfied it is in position on your prostate, I turn on the vibrating mechanism. You hum in satisfaction and I begin to work the massager back and forth across your prostate. By the look on your face, I can ascertain that it is doing exactly what I want. My need overtakes me and I bend down to take your hard cock in my mouth at the same time. I find my rhythm and work you with pleasure. Your pelvis moves with me and your breaths become more and more ragged and short.
“Please Mistress, may I come?”

“Absolutely not, my Pet, not yet.” I stop what I am doing and untie your knees. Then I unlock and release you from your fiddle, but I do not take that the vibrator from your ass. Its curved design keeps it firmly in place.

“Now my Pet I want you to fuck me. Take me”. You push me down on the bed and get on top of me. And then you enter me eliciting a gasp of pure delight from me. You feel so good inside me that I quickly find my way back to the edge. You pump me hard and soon ask again if you may come. “Yes, oh yes my Pet” and we both are at the edge. A few more strokes and I am digging my nails into your ass and you are moaning as well. We both come together in a magnificent orgasm and melding.
After a long spell of cuddling and kissing and napping, we shower and then finish our wine, talking and laughing about our good fortune in finding each other. Then we drift off to sleep in each other’s arms.
