---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/special/halloween24/perils_of_phil.html
subcategory: TG/CD Stories
title: Perils of Phil
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F/m
- halloween
- costume
- catsuit
- hood
- gag
- buttplug
- inflatable
- toys
- bond
- rope
- web
- glue
- remote
- electro
- cons
- X
date: 2024-10-30 00:00:00
---

#### Prelude

“So what are we doing for Halloween?” he asked innocently enough.

“I have plans,” she responded wickedly.

“I was hoping that you did,” he smiled back.

“Can you be available from say six till 10ish that day?” knowing full well he’d beg to be involved in her idea.

He answered quickly, “Of course, whatever you need me to do.”

“Whatever?” she purred.

“Yes ma’am, whatever.”

“Just remember you said that.” He could hear her chuckling “I’ll be providing your costume, wear some skimpy undies.”

In a teasing tone he said “Oh my!”

#### Halloween Party

He awoke excited the day of the Halloween Party wondering what she had in store for him. So he hopped out of bed, to shower, shave and get ready for the day. He dug out a satiny wine colored thong and attempted to fit his already excited cock into it. Then threw on sweatpants, a t-shirt, and shoes to head to the location of the party. The entire drive to the party site was a constant distraction. The underwear she had requested served as a reminder of how much he was anticipating whatever she had planned for him. He arrived in plenty of time for the event and more than ready.

“My you are early, a little excited?” she managed to casually rub up against his crotch “Oh my, yes he is!” she exclaimed in mock surprise. He moaned a little at her casual groping of his manhood.

“Here you go, put this on and we’ll start setting up the diorama.” She handed him a paper bag with something inside. He pulled out a gallon sized ziplock bag with some white material in it. He opened the seal and pulled out a shiny white catsuit.

“The big surprise is a catsuit?” he asked, a little disappointed.

She pouted at him “No, there’s more in that bag besides the suit. Look around and hurry up. I don’t know how long preparations will take and we have to be ready before anyone else arrives.”

 Before he went any further he had best make sure there was nothing else in the bag. Searching it one more time he ran across a ball gag and an unlabeled box.

“I assume this goes on under the catsuit?” he asked while holding the gag up for her to see.

“Yes, the gag and the other items go on under the catsuit. ” she waved at him to get on with it.

Shrugging he turned and sat on a chair before buckling the gag in place. He then opened the small unmarked box to find a purple dildo and small bottle of lube. Apparently he was to be plugged at both ends. Thank goodness he had thoroughly showered this morning. He poured some lube into his left hand and coated the dildo and then slipped his hand behind his ass cheeks to rub the rest into his crack. Gripping the device carefully he bent over the chair to get the proper angle and slowly inserted it. It went in easily, too easily, he was afraid he’d just push it back out. He “mphed” at his friend and she approached.

“Is it in?” she asked.

He nodded, but continued to press on the end with a free hand.

“Afraid it’ll pop out?” she commented.

Again he nodded.

“I’ve got that covered, move your hands for a moment.” She told him as she was doing something with it and then he heard an odd “shhhh” sound. Then again, then again, then again and that’s when he noticed it. It was an inflatable, and she was pumping it up. Five, six, seven pumps and he whimpered when she pumped it eight times.

“One more for luck!” She told him and pumped it the ninth time. He was feeling very full indeed and she removed the pump and gave the dildo a tug to confirm it wasn’t coming out on its own.

“Now all I have to do is turn the power on…” She did something to it, Phil didn’t notice anything happen immediately. “Indicator light is on,” she announced.

“Hurry up and get that catsuit on!” she ordered him.

Phil stood back up and pulled the catsuit out of its bag.

Taking a moment he unzipped the catsuit in back. He sat carefully on a nearby chair and pulled it on over his legs, then bending forward he pulled the sleeves up over his arms. He noted it was a full coverage suit, built in socks and gloves. He stood up and tugged it up his arms and legs, then slipped his head into the hood. He turned around with his back towards her and “mphhed” around the gag for help zipping it up.

He could see through the stretchy fabric covering his face better than he had expected. He turned to face her and “mphhed?” a questioning sound at her.

“This way, my little Fly,” she took his hand and led him deeper into the room and off to a corner.

She had obviously been busy, there were two fake trees bracketing the corner. Between which she had constructed a giant spider-web out of thin white cotton rope. Although his vision was slightly impaired, he could see she must have spent several hours constructing the web. He could also see attached to the web, one of those inflatable “giant” spiders people put out on their lawns. He could see the hose that inflated it running behind one of the trees, no doubt where she could find a power outlet. She had also rigged up one of those strobe lighting effects to flash on the wall behind the webbing and the trees. It was an impressive display but he wasn’t sure what his part of the event would be or what hers was.

She halted him well clear of the display “Stand here Fly, legs together, hands on your butt.” He stood as she requested as she puttered off to the side, soon enough she returned and tucked something under one of his feet. He glanced down to see what she was doing as she pulled some thick white yarn around and around and around his ankles.

Just as he realized what his role in the diorama was, she confirmed it “You are the spider's dinner Pet!”

He “Mphhed?” a question and she guessed “What’s my costume? Oh I’m the Spider Queen. It’s shiny black and I have a corset with a red hourglass on the front of it. You’ll love it, assuming I let you see it.” as she talked she continued to wrap the yarn around and around him slowly working her way up. He wondered how long it would take and how much of him she was determined to cover in her “webs”.

“I’ll have to wrap your hips and crotch really well, your underwear shows through the white catsuit.” she remarked as she worked her way up his thighs.

“Pet, you make a Spider Queen want to unweb you and take you right here and now.” She kissed him through the spandex mask covering his face before she continued wrapping the seemingly endless supply of yarn around him.

“I have to tell you Pet, you are still showing a lot of bulge even under all the webbing” she remarked as she worked. “Oh well, can’t be helped and we are running out of time!”

The yarn seemed to fly onto him as she worked her way up his body, maybe she was part spider after all. She did slow down to loosely wrap around his neck but took great efforts to go over the top of his head and under his chin to make sure his whole head was covered in her webbing. He could just barely see through the spandex fabric and between a few strands of the web covering his eyes. All the wrapping of his head had the side effect of further silencing him as his jaw was quite firmly locked in place biting down on the ball gag.

“Now very carefully Pet, I need you to hop over to the spider's web between the trees.” She helped support him as he tentatively hopped his way to the rope web. “Okay now lean back into the web.” She guided him to where she wanted him to be posed, dead center of the web and just to the side of the giant inflatable spider prop. As soon as he was in place she wrapped some more yarn around his body and fastened him to the various strands of the larger web. Then carefully she took the free end and tied it to the underside of the giant spider. Considering how tightly wrapped he was and now attached to the stronger ropes of the web, he doubted he could do more than wiggle a bit.

She wandered away for a minute and then returned carrying something he couldn’t make out through his limited vision.

“Finishing touch Pet, a coating of shiny goo to seal the web cocoon.” she popped open what he could see now was a gallon sized paint can of something liquid. She dipped a wide foam paint brush into the can and then starting with the top of his head started brushing the liquid on. She did not cover his eyes or nose in the liquid, but all other parts of his body received a thorough coating of the liquid. He could feel a kind of general wet dampness as the liquid soaked into the yarn and stuck to the catsuit he was wearing.

It reminded him of something. He “mphhed?” a questioning sound at her.

“What is this?” she paused as if debating whether or not to tell him. “Do you remember when we wrapped you up in bandages as a mummy?” He mphhed a yes. “Well at the time we used bandages and I brushed on white glue. You stayed so well wrapped that time I thought it would work for this too.”

He remembered that costume and the fact that he had to be cut free of the bandages and glue at the end of the night.

She interrupted his train of memories. “I have so much glue left and it has made such a lovely glossy shell, I think we have time for another coat Pet. Isn’t that delightful?”

He “mphhed” his objections to being coated in yet more glue. But out came the brush and soon she was adding to the glossy coating of white glue over the yarn.

He imagined he could feel it drying and shrinking around his body before she even finished the second coat.

When she was done she beamed at him “You look perfect Pet! Just like a spider’s dinner. Now you stay still and let that dry nicely while I go change into my costume. If you are good I’ll give you a sneak preview.”

Be good? As if he had any choice, tightly wrapped in hundreds of feet of yarn, tied to a rope web and then sealed into a glue cocoon, his only real choice was to stand there and listen for her return. Obviously she had plans or she wouldn’t have gone to all this trouble.

He startled suddenly to the sound of her voice almost next to him. He must have drifted off waiting for her to return and started awake, jumping in his web.

“Oh that is good, Pet! You look just like a victim struggling in all that webbing. Just enough movement to look realistic.” She applauded him. “But of course not enough to ever get free on your own.”

He peered out through his hood and the yarn covering his eyes to look at her costume. She had indeed gone for a shiny black dominatrix look with an obvious red hourglass shape on the front of the corset that barely contained her breasts.

“Pet, you are the perfect fly in the spider’s web.” She turned away, giving him a view of her rear in a sexy black leather skirt and walked away to set up the rest of the party.

Soon he heard music playing loudly around the room, one of the speakers must have been hidden behind the trees holding up his web. He realized anyone looking at him wouldn’t hear any of his mmphs unless they were literally right next to him. Something no one was likely to do for fear of ruining the diorama. He wondered how long she would keep him this way or if anyone would guess he was part of the decorations. No one was told he would be at this party, as a matter of fact he had told people he couldn’t make it. So no one should be expecting him to be there.

Next he saw the lights go dim in most of the room, adding to the spooky atmosphere of the party. He barely noticed her approaching him until she was within ten feet of his position. He could barely see her in her all black outfit, only the bright red decoration on her corset really standing out for him.

“Just checking, Pet, almost party time.” she spoke loudly so he’d hear her over the music. “Time to check the electronics are working properly.”

“Electronics?” he thought to himself.

“That device I had you insert inside your rear? It’s bluetooth enabled my Pet.” She explained over the thumping soundtrack. “In front of your little diorama I’ve placed one of those floor mats that trigger animatronics, like you see in Halloween stores.”

“It has a big yellow label reading step here.” She stepped on it. The lightning strobe behind the fake trees went off and a thunder sound effect rolled out from hidden speakers, but most importantly the dildo in Phil’s ass zapped him and then started vibrating.

Phil reacted violently to this surprise and his body struggled to move against the glue, yarn cocoon, and rope web. He felt the web sway a little bit but his efforts were futile and he settled back down once the shock was past.

“Perfect! I hope you enjoy yourself in there tonight.” she waved goodbye to him and wandered out of his limited sight.

Oddly he was enjoying himself, sure he was helplessly stuck to a level he had rarely experienced before. But he was comfortable, all things considered, and about to be a bondage centerpiece at his friend's halloween party, all without anyone there knowing about it. It was a bondage fantasy come true, except for that part where he was being zapped in the ass whenever somebody looked at the display.

He tried shifting around a bit inside his cocoon. He had the bright idea of sliding his hands around his sides and maybe being able to wiggle his arms free. But when he put his plan in action he realized she must have taken a few moments to web his wrists together behind his back. He could move them a little to the side but not enough to separate them. He tried just wiggling against the cocoon itself. He didn’t have enough room inside the webbing, plus a lack of mobility, to get any momentum going.

He really had no way to judge time but several songs played all the way through and he guessed 30 minutes had gone by. He heard loud voices approaching.

He looked out through the gaps in the webbing just as a group of people came into range for him to see. Here was the first test of the Spider Queen’s diorama, would people realize he was inside? They stopped about six feet away and he could see them pointing out details and chatting away. Finally one of them noticed the “Step Here” floor mat trigger and stepped on it. Phil frantically twitched and wiggled for all he was worth. The people watching applauded what they thought were animatronic effects before wandering off to dance or get a snack. As soon as they turned away he was able to settle down. He lay inside the cocoon panting through his nose.

The party was getting busier as the night wore on, more and more groups came to see the “animatronic” victim in the spider web. At one point so many groups visited the display he was kept actively being zapped and vibrated for nearly ten minutes straight, with only small breaks between viewers. The hours passed, the crowd thinned out a bit, the zapping and vibrations were farther and farther apart.

He was thinking to himself the night was almost over when she came back. It was the first time since the start of the evening where he could see her. She had someone in costume with her, someone shorter than herself. The newcomer was dressed as a kind of Indy Jones character, hat and whip. He knew who she was, a mutual friend of theirs. Now what did she have in mind?

The Spider Queen was pointing out things to the other person. Eventually she pointed to the floor mat and the friend obliged by standing on it. He again twitched and moaned and wiggled helplessly, but she didn’t just step on it, she stood on it. Phil was being zapped and vibrated constantly. His body attempted to move, struggling violently against the bondage. It was so intense he was afraid he’d pass out. Eventually Indy stepped off the trigger. He sagged in his bondage, gasping for air through his nose. The Spider Queen gave him a thumbs up and wandered off with Indy in tow.

A group of costumed attendees stopped to admire the display, he flailed about a little bit, exhausted from the previous visit. His body was spent, that was the problem with bondage in general, eventually you grew tired of it. But there was no escaping his current predicament until the party had ended and she could spend the time necessary to cut him out of the costume and the webbing.

He got the impression people were starting to leave, a few individuals and groups swung by to take a last look at the diorama. He flailed about to entertain them as best he could before the party ended. The music was shut off and the house lights turned on, he wondered where the Black Widow was to cut him free. Before she made it back though, Indy came back, and she approached him alone. Got as close as she could, right next to his helpless body. Whispered loudly right next to where his ears should be.

“She told me you were in there.” He shuddered, even though he had suspected she knew. “Just know if it was my decision, I wouldn’t let you out.” She moved back from him, turned as if to leave, then stood on the floor mat.
