---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/a_conventional_affair13.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Conventional Affair
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- F+/f
- F+/f+
- bond
- chastity
- cuffs
- gag
- corset
- armbinder
- public
- collar
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-01-11 00:00:00
---

### Part 13

Truth be told, Brianna Wilde has no memory of falling asleep. That was far from unusual in and of itself of course, most nights she could barely remember hitting the pillow much less all that followed, especially if she’d enjoyed one of her mistresses’ more… *intense* sessions beforehand, but despite that it was still a jarring experience. To slowly and haltingly open her eyes, mind still clouded by the rapidly fading twilight of dreams and beset by the momentary disorientation of not knowing where she was or how she’d gotten there. It passed quickly enough, it always did, but as she slowly came back to herself and blinked away the last traces of sleep the blue-haired girl felt the faintest chord of confusion upon finding herself alone in bed. Still bound, still gagged, still wrapped up in a warm cocoon of blankets, but alone and surprisingly horny from the clit clip having worked her most tender flesh with maddening precision as she’d tossed and turned in her sleep. Biting down on the rubber ball pressed between her teeth to suppress a shiver, and rolling her shoulders to stretch as best she could, Brianna tried to take stock of her situation. Part of her was actually surprised she’d managed to sleep at all given the toys she was enduring, and the excitement that still pulsed in her chest, but the rest of her was more impressed by the fact that not only had her mistresses awoken before her but that they had somehow managed to get out of bed without waking her. An especially impressive feat given how thoroughly they had been intertwined beforehand. Chuckling in amusement, the blue-haired girl closed her eyes and took a breath as she relished the scent of her lovers still lingering under the covers and on the pillow before bracing herself. Shifting her hands as best she could within the confines of her cuffs, and trying her best to avoid jostling her chastity belt and its *attachments* any more than she already had, she carefully lifted herself up to lean back against the headboard and cast her eyes around the dimly lit room. While momentarily annoyed at the way the motion made the blanket fall from her shoulders to pool around her waist, a sudden rush of cool air raising goosebumps over pale skin, the feeling was washed away in an instant.

Just across the room, sitting at the little table in the far corner and staring intently into a tiny mirror as she fixed her makeup, was Sofia. Unlike the wild, disheveled and most importantly *naked* figure that Brianna remembered curling up with earlier the blonde’s transformation was almost extraordinary. Her hair had been carefully combed back into some semblance of order and braided into a thick, shimmering chain of gold that ran down her back while her vulpine features had been enhanced by the subtle yet meticulous application of cosmetics. Particularly the bright red shade she had used to paint her lips and the understated swirl of smokey eye shadow that made those already striking orbs stand out like shimmering sapphires in the half light. Heavy silver and turquoise earrings only complimented the look along with a tight choker of black leather set with tiny studs like a dog’s collar. A sight that made the blue-haired girl wonder if it was simply a fashion choice, or a subtle statement about the more submissive side that her mistress had been willing to show off throughout the day. And yet, as striking as all of that was, it paled in comparison to the outfit that Sofia had chosen. While the angle and the furniture in the way made it hard to see clearly, it seemed that the blonde had squeezed into a pair of dark black trousers, the tight material clinging to her curves like a lover. Above that, she had donned a slim blazer in matching colors that had both been perfectly tailored to flatter her athletic frame and left open just enough to show off an impressive amount of cleavage. It was quite unlike just about anything the blue-haired girl had ever seen her mistress wear before and yet so perfect as well, an alluring blend of formal and brazen that complimented the blonde’s natural grace and, when combined with the confidence that practically radiated from every fiber of her being, the effect was utterly stunning. Enough to make the bound girl’s breath catch in her throat as she drank in the sight.

And, for all that she seemed utterly focused on the task at hand, Sofia was also clearly aware of the effect she was having, an almost devilish smile curling her lips as she glanced at the younger girl out of the corner of her eye, “Welcome back to the world, *devushka*. Did you have a nice nap?”

Blushing softly, but not looking away, Brianna managed a nod and murmured around her gag, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

“Good girl,” the blonde practically purred as she set the cosmetic pencil she had been using down, clearly pleased with the results of her work, and pushed herself away from the table in order to stand to her full height. A height only enhanced by the familiar pair of high-heeled and open-toed sandals strapped onto her feet. Striding forward, the deliberate sashay of those hips making the length of silver chain she was using as a belt to rattle, Sofia idly adjusted her jacket and inadvertently flashed the blue-haired girl as she wore *nothing* beneath that coat but a pair of pasties. Grinning at the way hazel eyes instantly shot to her mostly bare breasts, the athletic woman buttoned a single button for “modesty’s” sake, the arrangement leaving a strip of her toned stomach and rather generous swath of cleavage on display as she placed a hand on her hip to strike a deliberately provocative pose, “You like the outfit? I rather thought something a bit more… *formal* was appropriate.”

Throat suddenly dry, utterly entranced by the sight, Brianna could only nod numbly even if part of her found the idea of this being her mistress’s idea of a “formal” outfit to me more than a little hilarious. Not that she was complaining, of course.

Placing a knee on the mattress, Sofia levered herself up until she was practically looming over her young lover, grin shifting into something far more playful and far more familiar, as she planted a quick kiss on the tip of the girl’s nose and popped the gag from her mouth, “There we are, *devushka*. Now come along, I will help you change.”

“Thank you, mistress.” Brianna answered, almost instinctively, as she worked her jaw and wet her lips before she realized something with the tiniest of frowns, “Where did Mistress Roxanna go?”

“She returned to the bathroom to change.” Sofia replied, almost offhandedly as she gently took the blue-haired girl by the arms and slowly guided her out of bed and onto her feet, a glint of mischief returning to that arctic gaze of hers as she offered a toothy grin, “She protested, of course, when I showed her our little gift, but not *too* vigorously. That little smile of hers was unmistakable, as was that blush.”

The sudden and very vivid mental image of Roxanna clad in the rather revealing lingerie that they had picked out for her and *nothing else*, soft olive skin sheathed in little more than sheer mesh and delicate lace, brought a sudden surge of heat to Brianna’s own face. Or perhaps it was just the way standing up shifted the clit clip against her in a frustratingly pleasant fashion. Whatever the case, Sofia planted another feather soft kiss on the bound girl’s lips to silence the tiny moan caught in her throat and carefully led her across the room without another word. Without much warning or ceremony the blonde guided her to their little impromptu makeup table and left her standing there somewhat awkwardly as she began to dig through their suitcases as if on a mission, leaving Brianna little choice but to watch as a much more genuine smile suddenly curled her mistress’s lips.

“It really is a shame, *devushka*.” the woman lamented as she slowly straightened up and began to fasten a garter belt around the blue-haired girl’s waist, moving with deliberate slowness to allow her fingers to trail suggestively over pale skin, “You have such marvelous legs. Yet you so rarely wear stockings.”

Brianna’s first instinct was to deny the compliment, to insist that she wasn’t anything special, certainly not when compared to the blonde’s own athletic beauty or Roxanna’s almost otherworldly grace or even Claudia’s toned and wiry frame, but in the end the blue-haired girl thought better of it. Biting her lip to suppress a giggle as calloused fingers trailed over her ass she just smiled as best she could, “I guess we’ll have to do something about that then. Won’t we, mistress?”

“Indeed we will.” Sofia agreed, returning that grin as she began to roll a pair of nylons into place one after the other onto her plaything’s shapely legs, carefully fastening them to the garter belt one clip at a time before taking the blue-haired girl’s hips in hand and standing to her full height, “Now what else should be pick, I wonder?”

Moaning softly at the way those strong yet gentle hands lingered on her skin and slowly moved to cup her ass properly, only to gasp when her mistress gave her a playful smack instead, Brianna felt a soft blush overtake her pale cheeks. In truth, given everything else that had been dominating her thoughts for most of the day she hadn’t actually given the idea of her outfit much thought, “I… I don’t know, mistress.”

Tightening her grip ever so slightly, Sofia leaned in to whisper into the blue-haired girl’s ear, eliciting another sharp moan and an almost desperate shiver, “That is alright, *devushka*. I have a few… *ideas*.”

Leaning back ever so slightly as if to ponder the question further, the almost wolfish smile curling the woman’s full lips making Brianna’s blush darken, Sofia allowed her eyes to roam over her slave’s mostly naked form and eagerly drink in the sight, especially when the blue-haired girl began to squirm beneath her attentions. Or perhaps that was just her still wandering hands. Whatever the case the blonde eventually winked playfully at her bound companion and finally let go before bending over in a deliberately provocative fashion to dig through the suitcases again, the dark material of her nearly skintight pants leaving absolutely no doubt that, much like her jacket, the athletic woman wore absolutely *nothing* between them and the sun-kissed skin beneath. Not that Brianna had much time to enjoy that familiar and yet no less alluring display as her mistress glanced over her shoulder scarcely a heartbeat later and offered a triumphant grin as she held up her prize. A long, flowing skirt of shimmering black material patterned with blue and sporting a long slit up the left side. Long enough that, despite the fact that the garment would fall to her calves when worn, would easily show off the entirety of the stockinged leg beneath and an enticing hint of the garters beyond that. A skirt that the bound girl could not remember ever seeing before, much less wearing, no matter how much she loved the cut and knew that the colors would contrast beautifully with her pale skin and compliment her starkly dyed hair perfectly.

Sofia certainly seemed to appreciate her reaction, though the blonde had always been able to read her effortlessly, and her smile grew soft and warm and oh so very fond as she moved to fasten the sinfully soft garment around the blue-haired girl’s waist, cinching it snugly rather high on her stomach. Even as she bit her lip to suppress a moan at the feeling of that decadently silky material brushing against her skin, her mistress adjusted the skirt to align the slit properly and allowed her fingers to trail along the blue-haired girl’s inner thigh for just a bit longer than necessary, drawing a beautifully shuddering breath from Brianna’s throat and sending a familiar shiver up her spine. Not giving her any time to recover the blonde quickly followed up by producing a corset in similar colors, black leather with blue inserts and silver hardware, and clasped it around the bound girl’s waist in one smooth motion before slipping behind her back to cinch the laces tight. Tight enough to at least partially squeeze the air out of her lungs and accentuate the swell of her hips and bust while leaving the trailing edges just loose enough to avoid interfering with her chastity belt.

“There we are, *devushka*.” Sofia murmured as she rested her hands on her plaything’s shoulders, gently massaging away the lingering tension with strong yet calloused fingers as she trailed kisses along the girl’s neck to nip at her ear, “Elegant and sexy, no?”

Unable to suppress a moan this time, Brianna tilted her head in a familiar gesture to grant her mistress better access while allowing her eyes to slide closed and straining against her cuffs, almost desperate to touch the older woman. Still, she could not deny that her mistress was absolutely correct. While more than familiar with wearing corsets at this point and absolutely adoring the way they made her feel, the tight restriction of her body almost reminding her of bondage in a way, this felt different somehow. Special. And yet, the blue-haired girl could not keep herself from smiling in response, voice little more than a whisper yet utterly insistent, “Tighter, mistress.”

Sofia laughed in delight, voice like silver bells as she stood back to her full height and wrapped her arms around the shorter girl to hold her close and press another kiss just behind her ear, “Your wish is my command.”

Practically trembling with anticipation at the promise hidden in those silky words Brianna clenched her eyes even tighter and bit her lip so hard that she almost swore she could taste blood as her arms tensed and she strained against her cuffs again. For what felt like an eternity nothing seemed to happen as she waited within the darkness behind her eyelids, Sofia’s arms locked tightly around her waist as the older woman continued to pin her in place while those strong, familiar hands gently and yet teasingly stroked her hips through the thin material of her skirt. And then her mistress *moved*, that grip loosening ever so slightly as those hands began to trail up her sides to trace the seams of her corset, the passage of the woman’s fingers almost like a line of fire across the blue-haired girl’s skin for all that she knew it was entirely in her imagination. Compared to that sweet torture the gentle tug on her laces that followed was almost anti-climactic, at least until Sofia’s tilted her hips to brace against the younger girl’s body and *pulled* with almost crushing force. Brianna had thought the waist cincher was snug before but, as her body was squeezed into an elegantly perfect hourglass and the breath was well and truly driven from her lungs, emphasizing the admittedly modest curves of her hips and bare breasts, the blue-haired girl found that she could do nothing but moan with the intensity of an orgasm, her nerves alight with the sheer magnitude of the experience and the sudden submissive thrill that seemed to flood her entire body as the laces were tied down, trapping her like this. Of course, her mistress was far from finished even then. As her plaything was still reeling, Sofia slid her hands down pale arms to take hold of her plaything’s slender wrists and released the cuffs that had been binding her, eliciting a sharp gasp of surprise before she then gently yet insistently folded Brianna’s arms up between her shoulder blades, palm to palm, in a reverse prayer position.

Every fiber of her being practically trembling with anticipation now, the blue-haired girl allowed her muscles to go slack and offered absolutely no resistance as the familiar and sinfully soft leather of her newest monoglove was pulled over her arms, sealing them away as straps were crossed over her chest and buckles were tightened until her elbows very nearly touched. The same position, ironically enough, that she had been trapped within while sitting next to Sofia in the car as they’d made the drive here and a demonstration of flexibility that would have seemed impossible to her once upon a time. Feeling almost lightheaded now, though more from the thrill of being bound so helplessly than anything else, Brianna could do little more than moan again, if much more quietly this time, as she was guided down into a chair, the motion shifting the clit clip against her most sensitive flesh in a way that made her tremble with arousal, but when compared to the tight grip currently holding her body in thrall even a sensation that intense felt distant somehow. In sharp contrast her mistress slipped behind her a heartbeat later and began to brush her hair, the intoxicatingly pleasant feeling of soft bristles stroking her scalp driving a sigh from the bound girl’s throat as she relaxed beneath Sofia’s gentle affections and her bright azure locks were carefully disentangled and pulled into a loose ponytail. Leaning back as the older woman finished up, Brianna opened her eyes at last and tilted her head to glance in the mirror and felt herself gasp at what she saw.

Even if the look was clearly incomplete, the reflection staring back at her was utterly stunning. The sharp contrast between the corset cinching her waist tightly and the armbinder restraining her limbs into an elegant but clearly strenuous position was shocking enough, but the even sharper contrast between her elaborate outfit and the way it left her chest and shoulders bare save for the collar around her throat was somehow even more incredible. Even the clash between her dark clothing and the white leather of her restraints just seemed to work somehow, especially with her own pale skin to tie it all together. Then there was the way her hair had been pulled back just tight enough to expose the piercings in her ears and tied off just slightly to the side to flow over her shoulder like a cerulean waterfall. It was honestly like nothing she had ever worn before and might have been the most incredibly elegant and yet unmistakably erotic thing she had ever seen. Especially when combined with the knowledge of her chastity belt, and its little *addition*, hidden beneath.

Sofia certainly seemed to agree as she once again rested her hands on the bound girl’s shoulders and leaned in close to smile at her reflection, “What do you think, *devushka*?”

Still more than a little overwhelmed by the whole experience, Brianna could do little more than whisper the first thing that came to mind, “Beautiful.”

“You most certainly are.” Sofia agreed with a quiet chuckle as she pressed a fond kiss to the crown of the girl’s head before slipping around the chair to straddle Brianna’s helpless form, locking her fingers behind that pale neck and leaning back just enough to show off plenty of cleavage as her smile grew positively *vulpine*, “Now, shall we finish up?”

Surprised, but certainly pleased, to find herself with a lap full of buxom blonde, the blue-haired girl found herself returning the older woman’s smile even as her eyes drifted ever downwards, “Yes, mistress.”

Sofia certainly wasted no time after that, shifting forward to sit in her slave’s lap properly and offer an ever more up close and personal view of her cleavage before allowing her hands to trail along the blue-haired girl’s throat and down her chest to cup modest yet firm breasts. For a brief moment she contented herself with squeezing and kneading those delicate mounds, delighted by the way Brianna’s face seemed to light up as she gasped and moaned in pleasure but eventually the blonde ceased her ministrations and began to remove the girl’s nipple piercings one at a time. While that certainly elicited a curious look, the tightly bound figure had little enough time to react before strong fingers suddenly took hold of her nipples themselves, pinching almost painfully, before the blonde gently teased those sensitive nubs to full hardness with the pads of her thumbs. Grinning at the way the blue-haired girl whimpered and squirmed beneath her touch, biting her lip to try and stay quiet while thrusting her chest out in a silent plea for more, Sofia leaned in to offer a kiss, stilling those trembling lips and allowing herself a moment to enjoy the taste of the younger girl’s mouth. A gesture that Brianna certainly seemed to appreciate if her enthusiastic response, and the absolutely adorable pout that followed once the kiss ended, was any indication. However, the woman’s smile only sharpened when she followed up by tweaking her plaything’s sensitive nipples one last time, transforming that pout into a clearly aroused moan and painting those pale cheeks with a soft blush, as she threaded a new set of piercings into place.

Glancing down to look at the very ornate jewelry now decorating her chest, a pair of intricately patterned silver half moons set with small blue stones hanging from slender barbells traversing her nipples, Brianna felt her heart leap into her throat. The pendants were beautiful but some part of her feared it was too much, especially if the gems were actually sapphires and not just colored glass. Almost tentatively she looked up to meet the older woman’s gaze, voice trembling softly, “Mistress?”

“Do you like them, *devushka*?” Sofia asked as she flicked the piercings one at a time and gently cupped the girl’s to offer another feather-soft kiss, “A bit much for everyday wear perhaps, but Roxanna and I thought that they suited you.”

“They do.” Brianna admitted quietly, eyes misting up ever so slightly, both deeply touched and a little overwhelmed by the gesture and not sure what to say, “But I… I mean, you shouldn’t have.”

In response Sofia just pressed the tip of her finger to the blue-haired girl’s lips, silencing her protests, voice warm and soothing as she offered an easy smile, “Perhaps not, but we wanted to.”

“Then thank you, mistress.” Brianna answered, kissing the older woman’s finger softly and offering an almost impish smile of her own, “Though at this rate I’ll rot if you keep spoiling me like this.”

“That would certainly be a tragedy.” Sofia agreed, voice dipping into a playful lilt as she brushed a stray strand of hair from the girl’s face and leaned in close enough for their breasts to just barely touch, “Close your eyes, *devushka*. I will fix your makeup.”

Biting her lip to stifle a gasp as the sensation of the blonde’s deceptively soft jacket brushed against her bare chest, and well polished nails tickled the sensitive skin of her forehead, Brianna just nodded and obediently did as she was told. Of course, applying makeup was hardly an unusual experience for the blue-haired girl, she did it herself every morning after all except on particularly lazy days, but even so there was something different about this. Not Sofia’s presence, she’d been made up by just about every one of her lovers at one point or another, and not the fact that she was bound either, her mistresses had practically made an art form out of transforming mundane activities into something extraordinary with bondage. No, it was something more intangible than that. Her helplessness intermingled with the subtle eroticism of having a buxom blonde straddling her lap and the gentle warmth of being taken care of. An utterly intoxicating cocktail that she simply could not get enough of no matter how many times she had experienced some variant of it. Despite that it still took every ounce of willpower that she possessed not to giggle when the spider-light touch of a makeup brush passed over her skin to apply a gentle dusting of foundation followed by just a touch of rouge, or to flinch when her mistress began to outline her eyes with a cosmetic pencil and curl her lashes with a generous layer of mascara. Still she endured, managing to maintain that self control as an eternity seemed to pass while Sofia slowly and methodically painted her face. Eventually the moment did end of course, the weight in her lap shifting as her mistress leaned back to admire her work and finally set her tools down, clearly satisfied. At that unseen and unspoken signal the blue-haired girl opened her eyes at last to find herself looking up into the blonde’s smiling face and the small mirror that the woman was holding.

Blinking a few times to clear her vision, Brianna tried to return that smile but found herself immediately drawn to her reflection instead and for the second time that evening felt her breath catch in her throat. Despite her gorgeous appearance Sofia was far from the most feminine of women. Not that the blonde would have taken that as an insult of course, she was quite comfortable with who she was, but even if she was proud of her looks and had no objection to showing off her body she was most definitely a tomboy at heart. A fact made more than clear by her enthusiastic athleticism and general preference for simple, if still *sexy*, outfits. And yet, seeing the older woman’s work reflected back at her made the blue-haired girl forget all of that for a moment. Bold slashes of eyeliner and delicate curls of eye shadow with just a hint of blue mixed in with the charcoal made the vibrant hazel of her eyes absolutely pop, while a subtle shade of dull, reddish lipstick emphasized the soft curve of her mouth. A combination of colors and styles that suited the contours of her face perfectly and emphasized all of her best features in a way that wouldn’t have looked out of place in a pin up. To be perfectly honest Brianna barely recognized herself. She looked elegant and sexy and maybe even a little bit fierce for all that she was wearing a collar and had her arms bound so tightly behind her back that she could barely move. When combined with her outré clothing and the way her hair was styled it was so unlike her and yet so *her* somehow that the effect was honestly stunning.

Easily reading her expression, Sofia's smile shifted into something warm even if a hint of mischief continued to dance in her eyes, “I am glad you like it, *devushka*.”

“It’s amazing, mistress.” Brianna practically whispered, voice painfully earnest and still more than a little awestruck as she finally managed to meet the older woman’s eyes, “You made me look so pretty.”

Expression softening, Sofia reached up with her free hand to card her fingers through the bound girl’s long, blue hair in a soothing arc, “With a canvas as beautiful as you, *devushka*? Hardly a challenge.”

Blush clearly visible even through her foundation, Brianna offered an almost shy smile but before she could manage a response the sudden sound of a door opening followed by the rhythmic click of stiletto heels striking tile drew her attention back to the front of the room and drove all thought from her brain as an achingly familiar form stepped out of the shadows. As much as she had looked forward to this moment, as much as she had daydreamed and even fantasized about it, nothing could have truly prepared the blue-haired girl for the sight of Roxanna dressed in a brand new and yet utterly familiar outfit. Dark material clung to every curve of the olive-skinned woman’s torso like a lover, delicately patterned lace circling her throat and running down her chest, around her breasts and between her legs to form a harness that left virtually *nothing* to the imagination while sheets of sheer chiffon stretched between that framework to provide the illusion of coverage. High cut hips and an almost halter top left her arms and legs bare while cutouts in the chest left her shapely breasts completely exposed with naught but X’s of electric tape over her nipples to protect what little of her modesty remained. Rounding it all out, a set of stockings and fingerless opera gloves made of tightly knit fishnet sheathed those elegant limbs while a pair of highly polished stiletto heels with open toes had been strapped onto her feet, transforming the woman’s posture into something utterly stunning while also showing off her deep red nail polish. It was the sort of thing that no one in their right mind would ever wear in public, a cross between the kinkiest of lingerie and the sort of thing that Brianna liked to imagine a dominatrix might wear to bed, and yet absolutely *perfect* on her mistress’s lithe frame regardless.

Another sentiment that Sofia seemed to share as the blonde twisted to sit astride her plaything’s lap and offered her lover another wolfish and almost hungry grin, “So wonderful to see you again, *dorogaya*. We were just finishing up.”

Roxanna, somewhat unusually, chose not to respond to that playful banter. Instead, with an expression somewhere between fond exasperation and the faintest hint of annoyance, the olive-skinned woman placed a hand on her jauntily cocked hip, a stance that twisted her body just enough to reveal that the sheer material covering her back left her shoulder blades bare and narrowed into the slenderest of thongs to highlight that perfectly round ass, as she raised a delicate brow questioningly, “Do you truly expect me to wear this, *stríngla*?”

“I do.” Sofia confirmed without missing a beat, her grin shifting into something more appropriately vulpine as she languidly climbed to her feet and practically *stalked* across the room with deliberately exaggerated steps, each twist of her hips making the chain wrapped around her waist rattle softly, “You do look so absolutely *ravishing*. And really, after all of the trouble you went through to put it on and doll yourself up?” As if to emphasize her point the blonde ran a hand through the silky soft hair running over her lover’s shoulders like a mahogany waterfall and leaned in so close that she was practically kissing those soft, wine red lips, “Methinks the lady doth protest too much. And besides, Brianna has been on display, *I* have been on display, it is only fair for you to take your turn.”

Worrying her lower lip to try and suppress a moan as Sofia’s hands fell onto her hips, and clever fingers began to roam over her mostly bare backside, Roxanna swallowed softly, “Maybe it is not so bad…”

“If you are still unsure, perhaps I can sweeten the deal.” Sofia offered in a deliberately seductive tone as she tightened her grip ever so slightly and let her voice drop in a playful, teasing whisper, “Such as Brianna and I taking turns eating you out later?”

This time the olive-skinned woman could not keep herself from moaning as a shiver raced up her spine, but despite that Roxanna managed to recover her footing almost instantly, straightening up to her full height and looping her arms behind the other woman’s neck as if to trap her in place as she returned that teasing smile, “And would I be allowed to restrain you again, *stríngla*? I think you would look marvelous in one of Brianna’s armbinders, and one of her ring gags, and absolutely *nothing* else.”

Clearly taken aback by the sudden shift in her lover’s tone, but clearly excited as well, Sofia laughed out loud even as Brianna blushed fiercely in the background at all of the… *pleasant* mental images being thrown about. Searching the depths of Roxanna’s lightly shadowed and kohl rimmed eyes for a long moment, the blonde apparently found what she was looking for and leaned back to allow her hands to slide up the olive-skinned woman’s sides and cup her breasts, thumbs gently picking at the tape covering her nipples as she squeezed playfully, “Something could be arranged, if you were willing to go just a bit further.”

“Further you say?” Roxanna mused as she took her lover’s hands and pulled them away from her chest, clearly understanding the implication as she kissed each and every one of the woman’s knuckles in turn before shaking her head ever so slightly, “Tempting, but I rather think this look is far more titillating.”

Quiet laughter rumbling in her chest at that not so subtle innuendo, Sofia took the refusal with good grace, gently pulling her hands free and again taking hold of her lover’s hips, “True enough, *dorogaya*, and perhaps for the best. I do so adore touching you as I make your body tremble. We can explore these new fantasies of yours some other time.”

“My fantasies, of course.” the olive-skinned woman teased as her mouth twisted into a familiar half smile, “And yet, as pleasant as this is, I do fear we have been neglecting someone.” Breaking away from the blonde’s grasp, who offered little more than a curious look in turn, Roxanna slowly limped across the room until her impressive height, made much more impressive by her stiletto heels, was practically towering over Brianna’s still seated form. Smile shifting into something fond and warm and almost gentle as she took in the bound girl’s spellbound expression, the elegant figure once again placed a hand on her hip and adopted a deliberately sensual pose, “What do you think, *korítsi*? Is it too much?”

Of all the terms that might have been used to describe her mistress’s outfit, “too much” was definitely not among them, and so the blue-haired girl simple shook her head and offered the tiniest of smiles even as her eyes remained firmly glued to that absolute vision, “No, mistress. It’s perfect. Absolutely *perfect*.”

“Well, I can hardly argue with perfection now can I?” Roxanna returned, playfully, as she bent down to take hold of the girl’s tightly bound arms, and provide a more than generous faceful of those mostly bare breasts, as she helped Brianna back to her feet, “And might I say that you look positively radiant yourself? In fact, between us I dare say that our Sofia is the one overdressed for the occasion.”

Moaning softly at the way the sudden motion made her chastity belt shift, Brianna felt her blush return with a vengeance both at that maddening sensation and at her mistress’s praise, “I don’t know, mistress. Maybe if she unbuttoned her coat?”

“Now *that* is a truly fine idea, *korítsi*.” Roxanna agreed as she clipped a leash to the blue-haired girl’s collar, “After all, she picked out both of our outfits, no? And here we stand with our breasts out while she covers herself. Rather unfair, wouldn’t you agree?”

“If you are good girls, perhaps I will bare more skin later,” Sofia suddenly cut in, lips curled in a familiar grin as she slipped between the pair and took Brianna’s leash for herself, “Though speaking of forgetting someone, I think we should take a few more pictures for Claudia before we depart. I imagine she would… enjoy these new outfits of ours.”

Glancing briefly at their slave, who nodded enthusiastically in response at the thought of their girlfriend’s reaction, Roxanna tilted her own head ever so slightly and offered a slender half smile as she took the blue-haired girl into a loose embrace, “Very true. It would not do to forget our kitten at a time like this.”

Rather than answer with words Sofia instead molded herself Brianna’s side, sandwiching the bound girl between their bodies, and drew her phone from her pocket in the same motion to snap the first of several photographs. While the feeling of so many glorious curves embracing her from all sides sent a pleasant shiver up the blue-haired girl’s spine she found herself falling into character soon enough, arching her back to emphasize her best features and offering what she hoped was a sultry smile for the camera as she posed as best she could. Truth be told, after the little impromptu pony show she had been a part of earlier today having her picture taken like this was hardly an unfamiliar experience, but it still sent a thrill pulsing through her chest as her mistresses took turns posing with her, and took every opportunity they could to fondle her helpless body. Soon enough she found herself practically moaning and writhing beneath their attentions, reveling in the feeling of warm and silky soft skin pressed against her own as wandering hands explored her curves, to the point that when at some unseen signal Sofia finally stepped away from the pair to shoot a text into the ether, that tiny grin still curling her lips, Brianna actually found herself more than a little disappointed. At least until Roxanna took hold of her ass with both hands, squeezing those soft orbs playfully as she pulled her plaything into a kiss that, while not hard enough to smudge their lipstick, was still more than sufficient to draw a deep and shuddering moan from that pale throat as hazel eyes slid closed and Brianna leaned helplessly into the older woman’s touch.

“There we are, my dears.” Sofia purred as she slid her phone back into her pocket, grin sharpening as she took in the sight of her lovers tangled up in one and other, “Unless the two of you need a moment alone?”

Breaking the kiss with a faintly audible pop, as well as a slender and clearly satisfied smile, Roxanna ran the back of her hand down the blue-haired girl’s jaw while cupping her right breast and idly playing with the piercing dangling from her nipple, “A pleasant offer to be sure, but it would not do to be late for dinner.” leaning in just a bit closer the woman’s voice dropped into a silky whisper, “I for one am absolutely *famished*.”

Between the hot breath tickling her ear, and the soft hand fondling her boob, Brianna could do little more than moan as aroused heat flooded her core and darkened her cheeks. However, before she could respond to her mistress’s teasing Sofia took the opportunity to slip behind the younger girl’s back and press the still unfamiliar form of their newest gag against her lips. Gasping at the sudden shock of cool metal against heated skin, and instinctively opening her mouth to allow the intruder to settle behind her teeth, the blue-haired girl moaned again as she ran her tongue over the lightly patterned metal now filling her mouth as the smooth chains running from either side were pulled taut over her cheeks to lock the gag in place. Moving now to embrace her plaything’s snugly corseted waist, and allowing her hands to settled onto gently curved hips, it was Sofia’s turn to grin as she kissed the back of Brianna’s neck and playfully nipped at the modest gauges piercing her earlobes before nuzzling into soft, blue hair, a quiet and yet oh so exciting growl echoing in the back of her throat.

“There we are, *devushka*. You always seem so under-dressed without a gag, and you wear this one beautifully.” the blonde mused in a deliberately suggestive tone as wandering hands elicited a tiny shiver from the tightly bound figure in her arms and her voice dropped into a low and teasing whisper, “Though I wore it better.”

Brianna could only groan softly at that not so subtle reminder of the little game she had played with the athletic woman, and how true that sentiment was, only to moan deep in her throat as Roxanna suddenly gave her one last squeeze and smiled faintly, “Very true, *stríngla*. Though some shoes might be more practical at the moment.”

Without further comment the olive-skinned woman stepped back and limped over to the hall closet before twisting sharply at the waist to reach up and search through the bags stored there, as well as offer a much more *comprehensive* view of her mostly bare ass. A sight that actually made Brianna whimper into her gag as she unconsciously ground her own ass against Sofia’s hips and strained against her armbinder, though between her bonds and her mistress’s strong arms she could do nothing but watch. Watch as the other woman swayed in a deliberately provocative fashion, the thin material sheathing her curves almost shimmering in the half light with every move. More than aware of the effect she was having, Roxanna deliberately arched her back once she found what she was looking for and glanced over her shoulder to offer a blue-haired girl a positively sultry smile before practically strutting across the room to present a pair of open-toed shoes with modestly high heels, the mirror polished patent leather and shiny silver buckles glinting in the gentle light.

“These should fit you, *korítsi.*” she offered before adding, almost rhetorically, “And I rather think they suit your current outfit, no?”

While nowhere near as towering as Roxanna’s own stilettos, or even Sofia’s sandals, Brianna still felt her eyes widen just a little in surprise as she glanced down at the footwear and back up into her mistress’s face. They would, without a doubt, be the most extreme pair of heels she had ever worn, if she accepted them of course, but she was feeling daring tonight and after all of her pony training she was far more sure on her feet than she’d once been. And so, the corners of her lips twitching ever so slightly around her gag, the blue-haired girl nodded and answered as clearly as she could, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

Rather than answer directly Roxanna smiled before slowly, if shakily, lowering herself onto her knees and bending down to run her hands along the blue-haired girl’s well-turned calves. From this angle she was treated to yet another marvelous view of the older woman’s shapely back and hourglass figure hugged so perfectly by her outfit, the pale scars decorating her arms and shoulder blades standing out sharply against olive colored skin. Shivering beneath her mistress’s touch as those hands began to wander south, and biting down on her gag to suppress a giggle, Brianna again offered no resistance as her feet were lifted one at a time and the heels were carefully buckled in place. As promised they fit perfectly and as soon as she put her weight down the blue-haired girl felt a change come over her. She felt taller of course, not least because she was now standing on her tiptoes, but it was more than that. She felt regal, sexy even, and strangely powerful for all that she was bound and belted, gagged and collared and about to be led on a leash. Part of her wondered if she’d been missing out all this time by avoiding heels like the plague, though the rest of her suspected it had more to do with the company she was keeping and the circumstances she found herself in.

Whatever the case, before the blue-haired girl’s thoughts could wander too far Sofia chose that moment to loosen her embrace and give her plaything’s leash a gentle tug, instinctively prompting Brianna to straighten her posture and square her shoulders as best she could. At the same time Roxanna climbed back to her own feet with the faintest of winces, quickly covering her discomfort with a smile as she gently cupped the girl’s cheeks and leaned in just close enough for their bodies to touch, lips brushing against the shiny metal gag protruding from the shorter figure’s mouth, “There we are, *korítsi*. Much better.”

“Mmph, mnphphrmphph.” Brianna managed, moaning quietly as she leaned into the older woman’s touch, mindful of her makeup but far too enraptured with the feeling of those silky soft fingertips brushing against her skin to care overly much.

“Better indeed, *dorogaya*.” Sofia agreed as she stepped up and offered her arm, “Now, shall we be off?”

Offering a surprisingly elegant curtsy in return, for all that she was not wearing a skirt, Roxanna accepted with a soft smile, gracefully threading her own arm around the blonde’s elbow and practically molding herself against her lover’s side with a quiet and contented sigh, “Do lead on, *stríngla*.”

Leaning over ever so slightly to kiss the olive-skinned woman on the cheek, and adjusting her grip on the leash in the same motion, Sofia did exactly that, smile softening as she turned and gently steered Roxanna back to the front of the room and out into the hallway beyond, seemingly without a care in the world as she pulled Brianna along in their wake. For a heartbeat the blue-haired girl felt herself begin to stumble as she took her first, tentative steps on unfamiliar heels but almost instantly her instincts took over, long hours of practice standing on her tiptoes as she was trotted about the house or along a familiar forested path coming to the fore. Indeed, as they moved down the seemingly deserted corridor, past row after row of nearly identical doors at a deceptively sedate pace she seemed to catch her stride, an almost shocking grace taking hold as she obediently followed her mistresses. Although it still proved a challenge to maintain her poise for long as each and every step shifted her chastity belt back and forth on her hips and sent a jolt straight into her loins as the clip attached to it kneaded and pinched and teased her clit in a positively maddeningly rhythm. A fact not at all helped by the way her heart raced with excitement, making her pulse *throb* between her legs, and the unimpeded view of Roxanna’s mostly bare ass on display in front of her. To say nothing of the strut that Sofia injected into her every step. It was almost enough to make her whimper and Brianna bit down on her gag to try and remain silent, a part of her absolutely dreading the idea of walking, and especially *dancing*, like this for the rest of the evening. And yet, she absolutely *craved* it as well. Less than fifteen minutes had already left her ready to burst, and if her mistresses chose not to be merciful and let her out at the end of the night…

Before she could completely lose herself in those pleasant thoughts the three of them rounded a corner to find themselves face to face with the elevators, pausing there long enough to wait for the doors to open before stepping inside. Some part of Brianna was actually disappointed that the car was empty, especially given the already memorable encounters she’d had in this very elevator over the weekend, but for the most part she was grateful for the reprieve and the chance it gave her to center herself. And yet, as the telltale lurch in her stomach heralded their descent, the comfortable silence that had enveloped the trio was suddenly shattered by the sound of a soft and yet insistent chime. Frowning at the distraction, Sofia reached into her pocket as best she could to retrieve her phone and tapped on the screen to activate it. A long moment seemed to pass then before the device sprung to life and whatever it was she saw the blonde’s frown evaporated almost instantly, replaced by a familiar vulpine grin as she began to chuckle softly. Sensing the curious stares burning into her, the woman quickly angled the device to share with her lovers and as she craned her neck to get a better view Brianna felt a grin tug at her lips in response. As she should have expected Claudia had replied to their little “gift” from earlier, but somewhat unexpectedly she had only sent back an admittedly amusing GIF of a stick figure repeatedly beating its head against the wall. A rather succinct, but in no way inappropriate, representation of the girl’s feelings, especially given some of their earlier exchanges.

The ghost of a smile gracing her own features, Roxanna seemed to consider her response carefully as she rested her chin on the statuesque woman’s shoulder, “It would appear that someone is rather frustrated.”

“Yes.” Sofia agreed as she scrolled through the messages to make certain there was nothing else, “More’s the pity that she was not able to join us. Still, our Claudia is clever, I am certain she will find some way to… *alleviate* the tension.”

For the briefest instant Roxanna’s smile turned cruel, “Perhaps we should have locked her in chastity as well before departing.”

“How positively fiendish, *dorogaya*.” Sofia noted with an amused smirk as she somehow pulled the olive-skinned woman into an even tighter embrace and claimed her lips in a brief, but clearly passionate, kiss, “I approve.”

Feeling her own grin widen despite her gag, Brianna found herself nodding ever so slightly in agreement as she watched the pair kiss. Truth be told the blue-haired girl had come to love being held in chastity since being given her belt over a year ago now. Not only was it one of the first gifts her mistresses had given to her, besides her collar of course, it had proven to be one of the most challenging pieces of gear she owned as well as the one she’d found the easiest to incorporate into her everyday life, paradoxically enough. A bit of bondage to carry with her throughout the day, and an inescapable reminder that she’d given herself, body and soul, to her mistresses. And yet, beyond the marvelously frustrating pleasure of being teased and used and edged while being denied release, she had come to love sharing the experience of chastity even more. The very first conversation she’d had with Claudia had involved both of them being belted after all, and more than once the pair had found themselves locked in chastity when together, both frustrated and incredibly aroused by their inability to truly touch each other. Perhaps it was just the strange sort of solidarity to be found in suffering together, or perhaps it was just one more connection they shared as submissives, but whatever the case Brianna found herself sharing the sentiment that keeping the slender, tattooed girl locked away while they were separated would have been a marvelous idea.

Especially after all the teasing she’d already endured from their girlfriend, good natured though it may have been.

For a moment it seemed as if Roxanna wanted to say something more, but before she could get the chance the elevator lurched to a halt, polished metal doors sliding open to reveal the familiar corridors of the hotel’s first floor beyond. Glancing at the blonde the woman just smiled and shook her head, prompting Sofia to straighten up and offer the blue-haired girl a wink even as she took her lover’s arm properly again and led them across the threshold. As they stepped back onto familiar, patterned carpet and began to weave their way through the cavernous passageways beyond toward the lobby Brianna could not keep herself from studying her surroundings. While it was by no means empty, the place felt strangely quiet especially when compared to the absolute chaos she’d experienced on the convention floor itself, the crowds having lessened significantly even if the wild displays and wilder costumes had not. And yet despite that the blue-haired girl had that same strange sensation she’d felt earlier when paraded about in her pony gear. As if she and her mistresses were the very center of attention, as if every eye was following them as they walked with confident grace. Indeed she found herself practically strutting despite the toy teasing her with every step, her posture straight and almost regal, her collar and her bonds announcing to the world that she belonged to the two gorgeous women leading her on a leash. And yet, as she unconsciously preened for the admittedly diminished crowd, quietly impressed by the sheer grace in Roxanna’s stride despite the fact that the olive-skinned woman was both limping and had more of her body on display than she’d ever had before, she could not help but wonder. Compared to her memories it seemed strange that there were so few people about. Had the festivities for the day already begun to wind down? Had the majority of attendees retreated to their rooms to rest after the day’s excitement, and perhaps to revel in the same sorts of intimacy that she herself had spent most of the afternoon enjoying? It was certainly a pleasant thought and, almost unbidden, her mind wandered to Leona. Thinking about the honey-haired, heavily tattooed and surprisingly bubbly woman brought a smile to Brianna’s face.

Ever since that first, unassuming meeting in the hallway when they had passed each other with nary a word spoken and she’d gotten her first hints of what the weekend might hold, that moment had become something like an omen for the blue-haired girl. Since then every time that she and Leona had crossed paths it seemed as if something interesting was about to happen. Her first encounters with both Lucrezia and Claire, her decision to submit to Elise, as well as the discovery of both the outfit that Roxanna was currently wearing and the moment when she had dared to bind Sofia. Surely it was all just a coincidence, but after having learned that the world was far wider, and far stranger, than she’d ever dared to dream Brianna could not help but wonder. Thinking about it she also could not help but wonder where the honey-haired blonde was at the moment. In their first, and so far only, conversation the woman had implied that her master had *plans* for the evening, plans that may or may not have been inspired by the girl’s own stage show. Was that alluring figure, even now, bound and gagged behind one of the closed doors they had passed, lost in the throes of pleasure and pain? Or was she out and about somewhere in a costume as wild and daring as Brianna’s own? Either way it was an enticing mental image and the blue-haired girl felt her blush begin to return for reasons that had nothing to do with the clit clip edging her mercilessly.

In the midst of that pleasant speculation the trio finally reached the lobby, Sofia stepping boldly into the cavernous chamber with all the grace of a hunting cat while Roxanna hung on her arm like a queen surveying her court, the two women quite deliberately putting themselves on display as they began to pick their way through the crowd. Although, truth be told, Brianna did not immediately notice that anything had changed until the much more vibrant din of conversation created by the dome-like ceiling reached her ears and drew her out of the thoughts. Although a little startled by just how quickly they had moved, the blue-haired girl drew herself up as best she could, determined to match her mistress’s gait even if her blush darkened just a bit at the thought of once more being the center of attention. As expected the lobby was far busier than the hallways had been, though still absolutely nothing compared the crowds she had encountered last night. A few guests lingered by the front desk and still more could be seen patronizing the little convenience store just off the side, but most has spread out far further, gathered in clusters big and small as they chatted and laughed and enjoyed each other’s company while lounging upon the comfortable overstuffed benches or milled about the truly massive fountain that dominated the center of the room. Of course, it was impossible to pick out any one conversation amid the dull roar that seemed to fill the air, but given the prevalence of kinky clothing that ranged from the utterly elaborate to the starkly scant and the elaborate displays of bondage that went along with them she could guess. Even her mistresses seemed more than a little taken by the sight, Sofia slowing their pace to take in the scenery while Roxanna offered passers by the occasional soft smile and gentle nod of acknowledgment to the appreciative gazes they drew. Honestly, to Brianna’s now more than slightly practiced eye it seemed as if the olive-skinned woman was turned on by being on display, the trepidation of baring her body and its scars washed away by the excitement of the moment. Such a far cry from the figure she remembered in her youth who would wear long sleeves and turtle necks even in the depths of summer and seemed so touchy about being close to anyone except her lover. Not for the first time the blue-haired girl felt a burst of pride in seeing her mistress looking so open and so comfortable with herself, a warmth that had nothing to do with the arousal pulsing between her legs filling her chest as she smiled around her gag.

As they slowly drifted their way across the floor, seemingly in no particular hurry and almost as if her mistresses wished to stretch out the experience, a flash of movement out of the corner of her eye caught Brianna’s attention. Glancing across the room, past more wildly erotic displays, she spotted the figure of a young woman sitting alone on one of the benches waving at someone or something in the distance, notable more for the relative normality of her outfit when compared to the people around her though still striking in her own way. Dressed in a simple, if tight fitting, black tank top with what looked like the Playboy logo emblazoned on the front in bright pink and a short skirt of red and black plaid, the outfit flattered her leggy, athletic figure wonderfully and drew attention to her modest but notable curves. Her skin was perhaps a shade or two lighter than Roxanna’s own Mediterranean tones while her rich, coffee dark hair had been messily pulled back and held in place by a series of slender braids running down the sides of her head, a few strands falling loose to frame her face and draw attention to both the collar of red leather around her throat and the piercings that decorated her face. It was hard to tell at this distance, but slender studs glinted clearly in each eyebrow along with two smaller, sharper studs through her lower lip while an impressive collection of rings, gauges and bars dotted her ears. And yet, it was only when their eyes met that Brianna finally realized just who she was looking at. She had never seen that face before, she knew that much, but the blue-haired girl also knew that she would never forget those eyes. Pools of blue so sharp and so pale that they looked like chips of ice. Eyes that she had seen both filled with desperation and clouded with pleasure. Eyes that had stared deeply into her own as they had both enjoyed and endured the skillful attentions of a ghostly pale dominatrix with inky black hair, a gaze like thunder and a smile full of metal.

The realization that she was looking at Elise’s pet actually made Brianna freeze in place, her feet practically rooted to the floor as everything else, even the tug of the leash on her collar and the concerned looks her mistresses shot her, seemed to disappear. The sight of the once latex-clad woman who had struggled and squirmed and moaned from within a vacbed next her on stage, who had crawled along beside her while confined in the inescapable embrace of a bitchsuit and who had sprawled across her helplessly prone body as they pleasured each other madly now shorn of her latex was one that the blue-haired girl had never even dared to imagine. Part of her knew that it shouldn't have been that shocking. After all, being encased in rubber for long periods of time could be quite uncomfortable, especially as rubber did not breathe, and the idea that the other woman might attend dinner still clad in the same catsuit and hood she had been confined within all day was a little silly. The rest of her did not care. Ever since she had first laid eyes on the mysterious figure, bound and gagged and helpless beneath her mistress’s touch as Elise prepared her pets for their debut, her curiosity had been piqued. Claire had offered only the vaguest hints about the other model who would be joining them on stage, though the implication that they had known each other for a long time had hung in the air unspoken, while the young dominatrix who had claimed them both had said even less. Implying only that the unnamed woman valued her privacy and did not want her face shown in front of an audience. A desire that Brianna could understand, even if she had chosen to throw caution to the wind herself. And yet here they were, face to face such as it was, with the chance to finally have her questions answered only to be stymied by the irony that she was now the one bound and gagged and helpless to ask anything. It was enough to bring a rueful, if somehow genuinely amused, smile to the blue-haired girl’s lips

Stepping in front of her slave’s bound from and uncertain what was happening, a faint look of concern decorating her soft features, Roxanna reached out to take the blue-haired girl by the shoulders, “Is something the matter, *korítsi*?”

Even if she hadn’t been gagged Brianna was not certain she could have trusted her voice and so just shook her head ever so slightly and tried to gesture at the young woman in the distance as best she could. Any yet, while the worry did not fade from Roxanna’s dark eyes, Sofia seemed to grasp what their plaything was saying as she followed the younger girl’s gaze and a knowing smile suddenly curled her full lips, “I believe, *dorogaya*, that Brianna dear was simply surprised by the identity of the escort Ms. Elise left for us.”

As soon as those words were spoken understanding dawned in the olive-skinned woman’s deep brown eyes and a slender smile tugged at the corner of her lips as she gave Brianna a look that made the bound girl blush, “In that case, it would be rather rude of us not to go and say hello.”

“Very rude,” Sofia agreed as she shifted her arm to draw her lover to her wide once again even as she pressed a gentle kiss to the blue-haired girl’s cheek, just above the chain holding her gag in place, “Would you not agree, *devushka*?”

Moaning deep in her throat as soft lips brushed against her ear and oddly sharp teeth nipped at her piercings, Brianna managed a tiny nod, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

“Good girl,” the blonde murmured as she placed a kiss over her plaything’s pulse and readjusted her grip on the leash, “Such a good girl.”

“Indeed she is, *stríngla*.” Roxanna mirrored, a tiny and contented sigh escaping her lips as she molded herself against the athletic woman’s statuesque frame while surreptitiously allowing a hand to slid into the back pocket of her impressively tight slacks to cup that impressively toned ass, “Indeed she is.”

Grinning at that faux innocent tone, and cocking her hips sharply to make certain her lover got a proper handful, Sofia said nothing. Instead she just nodded in agreement and stepped forward, long strides eating up distance as she crossed the room and once again pulled Brianna along in her wake. It was funny in a way, but as the blue-haired girl felt an entire swarm of butterflies take flight in her stomach she could not help but realize that for the first time all weekend she was actually nervous. Oh she’d felt trepidation, uncertainty and plenty of anticipation at various points but for all the things she’d done, all the things that had been done *to* her and all the ways she’d deliberately pushed herself outside of her comfort zones she’d never felt truly nervous about any of it. Honestly, what did that say about her that after everything else it had taken approaching a pretty girl, whom she was already intimately familiar with in more ways than one, to make her actually apprehensive? *That* brought about a decidedly unladylike snort of laughter, muffled though it was by her gag, and prompted Brianna to shake her head. Maybe it made no sense that showing off her tits was less nerve wracking than talking to a girl, for all that she probably wouldn’t be doing much talking unless her mistresses removed said gag, or maybe it made all the sense in the world. Or maybe it was something simpler than that, a recognition of the trust that the pale-eyed woman was showing them at that moment. Especially after all the effort she’d taken to hide who she was earlier and just what it might mean to reveal herself now. Whatever the case, there was little time to dwell on it. In what felt like the space of a heartbeat they had crossed half the lobby and Sofia showed no signs of slowing down while the mysterious figure in the distance pushing herself up on long, toned legs and idly smoothing her skirt back into place before moving to meet them.

By the time the distance had finally closed, and she finally found herself truly face to face with the once latex-clad woman, the arousal pulsing between Brianna legs was only matched by the pounding of her heart, prompting the blue-haired girl to bite down on her gag to try and keep quiet as she unconsciously strained against her armbinder. And yet, a strange tension seemed to hang in the air as well and for a long moment no one seemed willing to break the silence for all that they were surrounded by noise. That was until Sofia finally offered the pale-eyed woman a mildly sardonic smile, “Please forgive us for not greeting you properly, but I have only just realized that we do not actually know your name.”

That completely unexpected, and yet not *inaccurate*, non-sequitur clearly caught the girl by surprise, a look of honest confusion crossing her features for the briefest instant as if she did not know how to respond. And yet, realizing that the blonde was absolutely correct the cool and almost aloof visage that the young woman had been trying to project shattered, a snort of laughter escaping her throat as the pale-eyed girl broke down into a giggling fit at the sheer absurdity of the situation that they found themselves it. It was a pretty sound Brianna decided, soft and genuine and more than a little infectious as Sofia grinned widely in response, eyes sparkling with amusement, while Roxanna looked down to try and hide a slender smile of her own. Eventually though the other girl managed to gather enough self control to extend a hand in greeting, “Talia. My name is Talia.”

“A pretty name for a pretty girl.” Sofia purred as she took the offered hand and, eagerly playing the gentleman, bent down to kiss the girl’s knuckles. A gesture that brought a faint grin to the girl’s lips and the faintest of blushes to her dusky cheeks, though that might have been more a result of the blonde’s jacket billowing open just enough to expose a great deal of cleavage as she bowed.

“It is a pleasure to meet you properly at last, Ms Talia,” Roxanna quickly added as she offered her own hand, “Though I must confess a bit of surprise, all things considered.”

Tearing her gaze away from the blonde’s body with some reluctance, Talia shrugged ever so slightly as she accepted the olive-skinned woman’s hand and shook it firmly, her blush darkening just a touch, “I guess I figured that after everything else we’ve already done together? A name and face isn’t that big of a deal.”

Expression thoughtful, Roxanna nodded ever so slightly, “I suppose that is true. Still, there is an intimacy in sharing oneself, even in the smallest of ways. Please know that we do appreciate your trust.”

While her reaction was subdued, there was a subtle yet obvious change in Talia’s expression and it was clear that the pale-eyed girl appreciated the sentiment, “Well, mistress always says that bondage is all about trust.”

“Very true.” Sofia agreed as she straightened up and offered a much softer smile, “And yours is a gift that we will cherish.”

Pausing ever so briefly, and playing with one of her lip piercing with the tip of her tongue in a gesture that so closely mirrored Elise’s unconscious tick that it was almost eerie, Talia eventually let out a soft yet amused sigh and offered friendly grin, “Come with me, I’m sure the others are wondering where we are by now.”

“I rather thought I already did.” Roxanna suddenly, and very unexpectedly, quipped, “And Brianna as well, though I suppose that was rather mutual.”

A moment of absolute, stunned silence followed in the wake of that statement until Talia blushed vividly down to the roots of her hair despite her darker complexion and Sofia positively *cackled* in delight at her lover’s wordplay, prompting the olive-skinned woman to smirk ever so slightly despite her otherwise placid expression. Even Brianna, whose own blush turned nuclear at the reminder of just what she and the pale-eyed girl had been doing together just a few hours earlier, could not help but grin ever so slightly around her gag. The memory of a soft, pierced and very *skilled* tongue pushing her to the edge and beyond sending a shiver down the blue-haired girl’s spine and making her current predicament all the more intense. And yet it was more than just that. Even to those who knew her well, Roxanna tended to project a refined and dignified aura, an effect that even her current and very abbreviated attire could not truly detract from, which only made it all the more surprising and yet positively delightful when she let the mask slip to show off the more playful side of herself. A side that so few people got to see and, to the bound girl’s more experienced eye, a subtle show of trust returned on the woman’s part. Not that Talia knew all of that of course, but despite her initial reaction the pale-eyed girl did seem to understand what was happening on some level and honestly looked more amused than embarrassed. Caught off guard certainly, but given the way that she and Claire had bantered back and forth earlier, to say nothing of the mischievous streak in Elise’s personality, Brianna had a feeling that the other girl was used to this sort of thing.

Although her blush never fully faded, Talia seemed to rally, the faintest sparkle of amusement shimmering in her pale eyes as she shot Roxanna a slender and yet truly lascivious grin, “I will gladly make you cum as many times as you wish, my lady.”

If the olive-skinned woman was surprised by that response, she did not show it. Instead she just flashed a much more *knowing* smile and said nothing as Sofia looped an arm around her waist and pulled her close. Taking that at her cue, Talia bowed her head and turned on heel to lead them into the little restaurant set into the corner of the lobby. Once more obediently trailing in their wake, Brianna found her eyes wandering even if her blush still refused to fade. The little faux tiki bar was much as she remembered it with wooden furniture and subdued lighting, though this time it was far more crowded and the patrons were far more… *colorful* than they had been this morning, though whether that was due to the late hour or something else entirely was hard to say. The staff seemed completely unaffected though, severs darting back and forth between tables as if this were simply business as unusual which made the blue-haired girl wonder if events like this were common. Something to look into at least. However, her idle musing and admiration for the decor instantly took a back seat when Talia led them around a corner to reveal the pale-eyed girl’s mistress and her fellow plaything waiting for them. Sitting at a little round table in the far corner and huddled close as they spoke in hushed whispers, the pair practically blended in with the subdued atmosphere. Elise had changed into something far more casual but no less enticing, her slender frame now clad in a set of skinny jeans and a dark t-shirt with the sleeves cut off and so thoroughly slashed that huge swaths of pale skin, and the black mesh bra beneath, were clearly visible. Her hair was down now, though still wild and barely tamed, while the same choker she had been wearing on stage circled her throat and studded leather bracers clung to her wrists. In sharp contrast to that Claire wore a simple white blouse left partially unbuttoned to show off a significant amount of her generous cleavage as well as hints of a dark red bra struggling mightily to contain her chest while a pair of skintight yoga pants clung to her shapely legs and showed off the curves of her hips. Yet another collar, this one a simple band of polished steel, glinted from around her neck prompting the blue-haired girl to wonder just how many collars the woman owned while what at first glance appeared to be a harness of black leather straps circled her chest. It was only as they stepped closer, and her eyes managed to adjust to the dim lighting, that Brianna realized it was not a harness but the straps of a monoglove that imprisoned the redhead’s arms tightly behind her back and forced her elbows together. Different from the strenuous, reverse-prayer binder she had worn when in her pony gear but certainly as inescapable, and no less enticing.

And yet, despite the bondage clearly on display it was such an oddly wholesome scene. The pair sat side by side, heads tilted so close their foreheads were practically touching, while a tiny grin curled Elise’s lips and the faintest of blushes colored Claire’s cheeks. Indeed, they seemed almost oblivious to the rest of the world, lost in each other, until Talia stepped up to the table without hesitation and bowed her head, “We’re back, mistress.”

“Thank you, pet,” Elise responded almost instantly as she turned that warm smile on the pale-eyed girl and straightened up in her chair to push away from the table and pat her thighs, “Why don’t you have a seat?”

Accepting the invitation with a smile, Talia lowered herself onto her mistress’s lap and looped her arms around the pale brunette’s neck to rest her head on a slender shoulder, her voice quiet and yet filled with pleasure at such a simple thing, “Yes, mistress.”

Idly snaking an arm around the girl’s waist to hold her close, Elise’s smile softened ever so slightly before she allowed those stormy eyes of her to roam over her guests one at a time before zeroing in on Roxanna with a tiny smirk “Well, now I feel like we’re under-dressed for the occasion. Though really, if I’d known you had something like *that* waiting for us Ms. Kormou I’d have asked you up on stage as well.”

A thin smile twisting her own lips, Roxanna accepted the compliment with a tiny nod of the head and what almost could have been called a short bow, “A most tempting offer, Ms. Elise, and one I might have accepted. However I am afraid that this outfit is a recent acquisition. A gift you might say.”

“Ah, say no more.” Elise returned with a knowing look in her eyes before turning her attention to Brianna, drinking in the details of the girl’s intricately tooled corset and elaborate bondage and the way they both left her bare breasts on display, “Though I do have to say Blue, you clean up pretty good. I’m sure you’ll be the belle of the bondage ball.”

A tinge of pink coloring her cheeks ever more darkly, Brianna fought the urge to look down and murmured a quiet, yet honest, reply, “Phhnnh mnn.”

Clearly amused by the interplay, Sofia tugged on the least hard enough to make Brianna cry out in surprise and practically stumble into her arms. Holding the blue-haired girl tight, and letting her hands rest on shapely hips, the athletic woman kissed her plaything’s neck and returned the young dominatrix’s smile, “You could join us as well, if you liked.”

“Tempting.” Elise admitted as she looped her free arm around Claire’s waist, “We talked about it, but formal dances aren’t really my scene and I figured these two could probably use a little break after today.”

“I don’t know, mistress.” Claire practically purred as she stretched like a cat and curled up against the younger woman’s side, “I’m sure we could manage a bit more *excitement* if you like. And besides, it’s always good to expand one’s horizons. It did wonders for me.”

Lips twitching with amusement, the dominatrix’s eyes seemed to flash in the dim lighting as she twisted in place just enough to face her slave without disturbing the figure in her lap, “Be grateful we’re at dinner slut, or else I’d gag you again.”

Biting her lips to suppress a moan as strong, talented fingers began to trail up her spine, Claire said nothing in response as she gave herself over to her mistress’s touch. An opportunity that Elise seized by leaning in to kiss the older woman. Grinning ever so slightly as she watched the pair begin to lose themselves again, Sofia took the opportunity to sit down, pulling Brianna into her lap in the process and making the blue-haired girl moan deep in her throat as the sudden motion shifted her chastity belt just enough to make the clip *squeeze* her clit. In the same motion the blonde cupped captive breasts playfully, drawing another deep and desperate moan from that collared throat, as Roxanna settled into the chair next to them, that elegant grace not at all interrupted by the slight wince that crossed the olive-skinned woman’s face as she did. Waving away her lovers’ brief look of concern, the woman adjusted her posture and folded her hands into her own lap in a rather prim gesture that seemed completely at odds with the blatantly erotic outfit she was wearing.

“Might I inquire if you have other plans for the evening then?”

“Just a little discipline.” Elise allowed as she broke the kiss, smirking softly at the way the redhead whimpered at the loss of contact, “Claire just wouldn’t stop complaining about her chastity belt you see.” As if to emphasize her point the pale brunette reached down to lift the hem of her plaything’s shirt just enough and show off the belt still circling her hips, “So I’m going to keep her locked up tight until morning.”

Squirming as she strained against her armbinder, and pouting as she silently begged for another kiss, Claire’s voice took on an almost pleading note, “Please, mistress?”

“Would you prefer next weekend instead?” Elise asked, an achingly and arousingly familiar trace of steel underlying her tone as she made it clear that there was only one acceptable answer to that question.

Sagging a bit despite the faint blush coloring her cheeks, clearly turned on by her lover’s display of dominance, Claire shook her head and looked down, “No, mistress.”

“Good girl.” Elise soothed, clearly pleased as she gave the older woman a brief kiss on the cheek, “But now you’re staying belted until Monday.” when it looked as if the redhead might protest again she added, “And spending the night mummified while I fuck Talia.”

Even as the busty woman’s blush went as dark as her hair, her nipples clearly visible through the soft material of her blouse from the sheer intensity of her arousal, it was the pale-eyed girl’s turn to grin as she snuggled up against their mistress’s chest and pressed a kiss to her throat, “Thank you, mistress.”

“You’re quite welcome, pet.” Elise replied, voice softening into something warm and fond as she began to weave her fingers into dark hair, “In fact, maybe I should wrap the both of you up for the trip home. Make you ride with the luggage.”

Shivering softly, and biting her lip to toy with one of her snakebites, Talia managed a tiny smile, “Anything you like, mistress. Anything at all.”

Elise’s expression sharpened again as she chuckled with dark amusement, “Dangerous promises. Very dangerous.”

That smile of hers never once wavering, Talia leaned back to look the other woman square in the eye, voice steady and clear, “I know, mistress.”

There was a brief pause, as if no one dared to move before Elise *smiled* as she cupped the back of the pale-eyed girl’s neck and drew her into a fierce and passionate kiss, plunging her tongue deep into that willing mouth until the both of them were left practically breathless. Panting softly now, the brunette ran her tongue along the back of her teeth as she took in the flushed and trembling figure in her arms, “God I love you.”

Grinning impishly at the pair, and at the way the bound figure perched in her lap moaned beneath her touch, Sofia gave her lover a sidelong look, “A rather interesting idea, don’t you agree, *dorogaya*? Perhaps we should cart Brianna home like a suitcase as well.”

Chuckling softly at the reminder that they had done exactly that on their last vacation, Roxanna pretended to consider the idea before nodding, “Our girl did seem to enjoy the experience the last time, *stríngla*.”

“We can make a day of it.” Sofia agreed, her grin shifting into something far more mischievous as she kissed Brianna behind the ear before whispering softly, warn breath tickling the girl’s pale skin, “Or perhaps a week, or two?”

“And perhaps lure Claudia in, once we return home.” Roxanna added, well aware of the effect they were having on the blue-haired girl.

Eyes sliding closed, Brianna moaned deep in her throat as she unconsciously rocked her hips, reveling in the feeling of the clit clip teasing her as Sofia’s hands roamed, and her mistress’ words seemed to settle between her legs. Ever since she had first met Claudia, and all the magical times they had spent bound together since, one of her most cherished memories was the long and winding trip they had spent mummified together. The seemingly endless days of being reduced to utter helplessness, blind and immobile and pushed to the very edge of sanity by vibrating plugs alongside someone who enjoyed it just as much as she did driving her absolutely wild. And, even if the blonde was just teasing, the thought of repeating the experience, of stretching days into *weeks* as she lay encased alongside a slender, tattooed form while their mistresses edged and used and cared for them was almost enough to make her cum right then and there.

However, while the blue-haired girl shivered in delight and moaned into her gag, Elise finally seemed to remember that she and her pets were not alone, “Ah, sorry about that. We got lost in the moment there.”

“Perfectly understandable.” Roxanna assured, waving away the apology as the barest hint of a grin tugged at the corner of her mouth, “You have two utterly reasonable distractions in your lap, after all.”

Elise chuckled softly as she ran her fingers through Talia’s hair, grinning at the way the girl practically purred beneath her touch, and stoked Claire’s side, “Very true, but I wouldn’t trade them for the world.”

It was a sentiment that Brianna well understood and, despite all the pleasant distractions not at all helped by the way Sofia’s knee bounced playfully underneath her and the woman’s fingers continued to knead her bare breasts and idly play with the piercings dangling from her rock hard nipples, the blue-haired girl found herself smiling around her gag. Perhaps she was projecting just a bit, but looking at the three women cuddled up together across the table she could not help but be reminded of her own lovers. How many times had she found herself in similar situations? How many evenings had she spent curled up against Sofia as strong arms held her tight? How many afternoons had passed with her head resting on Roxanna’s lap as delicate fingers stroked her hair? And how many late nights had faded into morning as she leaned against Claudia’s shoulder for support, the both of them bound and exhausted and sore but oh so happy despite that? Too many to count at this point, with hopefully many more in the future, but gazing at the gentle affection she could see hidden deep in Elise’s stormy eyes and the warm contentment that practically radiated from Talia and Claire both as they nuzzled against their own mistress made her feel almost nostalgic. And brought back memories of a very different kind. Beyond the thrill of pushing her limits, and the excitement of *literally everything else* she’d done over the last few days, the one thing that had truly awed Brianna was the chance to meet so many other like-minded people. To step beyond the limited, if cherished, circle she had become a part of and experience the world in a way she never had before. To wander this wild and kinky wonderland without fear or concern or shame. Such a simple thing really, and maybe it would have happened regardless, but slowly letting her gaze wander back to Claire’s still lightly flushed face the blue-haired girl could not help but think that the chance encounter between them not but a hundred feet from where they were currently sitting had been the catalyst for every moment that had followed.

However, before any more words could be shared the moment was shattered when a waitress in a crisp white shirt and dark slacks, a slender apron circling her waist, suddenly stepped up carrying a large tray. Without batting an eye at the rather eclectic collection of women at the table, the girl set down a clear glass pitcher of water followed by several glasses full of ice and perhaps a half dozen plates of food before finally turning her attention to Elise and offering an almost apologetic smile, “Sorry for the wait, miss.”

Waving away the concern as she shifted Talia’s weight so that the girl sitting more properly in her lap, Elise returned that smile and held out a hand to offer a few tightly folded dollar bills, “No need for that, this is perfect. Thank you.”

Accepting the tip, the faintest of blushes coloring her cheeks as their fingers brushed together, the waitress bit the corner of her lip and nodded, “Of course, please enjoy the rest of your evening and let me know if you need anything else.”

As the girl slipped away, tray tucked under her arm, Sofia offered a teasing grin as she finally removed her hands from Brianna’s chest, “Another client of yours?”

“Nothing so scandalous as all that.” Elise assured as she freed a hand and poured herself a glass of water, her smile shifting into a smirk, “Just a fan we crossed paths with who was willing to help me get a last minute reservation in exchange for an autograph. It’s not the first time we’ve wandered out this way, after all.”

More than happy to play along, the blonde pouted as she tightened her grip and rested her chin on Brianna’s shoulder, “I rather like my idea better.”

“Well…” Elise allowed with a much more sultry grin as she glanced back over her shoulder, “I didn’t say I’d *object*.”

As a positively *vulpine* and achingly familiar grin curled Sofia’s lips, Roxanna interrupted the moment by pouring herself a glass of water, the sound of ice cubes clinking together cutting through the air like a bell, “I fear you live a far more exciting life than we do, Ms. Elise. Still, you have our thanks for allowing us to be a part of it for a little while.”

“It was no trouble.” Elise assured as she waved away the thanks with a smile, tightening her grip around Claire’s waist and pressing a feather soft kiss to Talia’s cheek as she did, “If anything we should be thanking you three for making today especially *interesting*, even by my standards.”

Blushing fiercely at the memory of just how interesting the day had truly been so far, even as the irony in Roxanna’s admission made her grin, Brianna found herself unconsciously squirming in her mistress’s lap, the moment only made more intense by the toys she was enduring at the utter helplessness of her position. Indeed, the sudden flush of arousal was so intense that she had to bite down on her gag to try and suppress a moan, only to blush again when Claire shot her a sidelong glance and a knowing smile.

“Now, I hope it isn’t a problem,” Elise continued without missing a beat, though the amusement in her stormy eyes as she glanced at the blue-haired girl spoke volumes, “but I took the liberty of ordering a few things before you arrived.”

“Certainly not.” Roxanna promised as she suddenly twisted in her chair and reached up to cup Brianna’s cheek with one hand and pop the gag from her mouth with the other, the slenderest of smiles curling her lips as she met the blue-haired girl’s eyes, “After all, the sharing of one’s table can be as intimate as the sharing of one’s bed, no?”

Instinctively working her jaw a few times even if the relatively small size of her gag was hardly a strain, Brianna found herself grinning ever so slightly despite the lingering blush coloring her skin, “I don’t know, mistress. Though, given all the things we’ve done on the kitchen table, I suppose you might be right.”

While that rather tongue in cheek response made the olive-skinned woman’s lips twitch with barely concealed amusement, Sofia was far less restrained in her reaction. Laughter rumbled in the blonde’s pleasantly well-curved chest as she hugged her tightly bound plaything close and nipped at an ear in a marvelously familiar gesture of affection, “Such a naughty girl we have. But do remember, *devushka,* that dessert comes after dinner.”

Shivering at the implication, a moan escaping her throat as she both tilted her head back to grant the woman better access and bit her lip to try and remain silent, Brianna swallowed hard, her voice little more than a quiet whisper, “Yes, mistress.”

“Good girl.” Roxanna practically murmured as she let her hand slide down the blue-haired girl’s jaw to gently take hold of her chin, drawing their faces together to claim those lips in a wonderfully delicate and yet still deeply passionate kiss, “Now, shall we eat, *korítsi*?”

This time Brianna didn’t even try to hide her moan as she gave herself over to that all too brief kiss, only opening her eyes again when their lips parted and she offered the older woman a genuine smile, “Yes, mistress.”

“And here you said your life was boring.” Elise suddenly teased, thoroughly and deliberately interrupting what had been a tender moment. And yet, Brianna found that she did not mind all that much as she took in the dominatrix’s amused expression and Claire’s surprisingly warm smile.

Her mistresses did not seem to mind much either if Sofia’s snort of laughter and Roxanna’s playfully put upon expression was any indication. Still, the olive-skinned woman felt it necessary to once again straighten up in her chair and adopt that almost regal pose she tended to assume in moments like this, “I said less exciting, Ms. Elise. Not boring.”

Although the pale brunette’s pierced lips twitched, she conceded the point, “Touché. Now please, help yourselves.”

It was only then that Brianna realized, or more accurately remembered, just how hungry she was, her stomach growling with surprising volume as she took as deep a breath as her tightly laced corset would allow and reveled in the tantalizing aromas enveloping her. Elise had, perhaps wisely, chosen finger foods for this particular affair given that at least some of the participants would need help eating. Spinach rolls and stuffed mushrooms along with steamed dumplings of some sort and humus sprinkled with pine nuts, served with raw vegetables and herb crusted flatbread, all rounded off by a plate of tiny egg tarts browned to perfection. An eclectic assortment to be sure, and perhaps nothing really special compared to some of the truly remarkable and exotic dishes that her lovers had introduced her to, but if the little smile that touched Talia’s lips as she snatched a roll and the look of relish that overcame Claire’s features as her mistress offered her a dumpling were any indication the young dominatrix was sharing something special, or at least deeply personal, with her new friends. All teasing aside Brianna was well aware of the fact that her mistresses had a point, that in some strange way sharing a meal could be a more intimate experience than sharing one’s body, and she could not keep a genuine smile from curling her lips at that realization. Of all the things she’d done, of all the memories seared into her very soul throughout the course of the day, the blue-haired girl somehow knew that this was the moment she would always remember fondly. And, maybe she was just reading into things a bit too much, but as she again allowed her eyes to roam over Elise and Claire and Talia, taking in the surprisingly tender interactions between them despite everything else, some part of her could not help but think she wasn’t the only one. Then again, maybe that had been the young dominatrix’s plan all along, to make sure that after tonight none of them would ever be able to forget each other.

However, before she could lose herself completely in introspection, Brianna felt the familiar sensation of well-polished fingernails trace along the edge of her jaw, tickling her skin in an utterly delightful way and drawing her attention just in time for Roxanna to slip a piece of carrot between her slightly parted lips and steal a quick kiss. Blinking a few times in surprise even as she instinctively began to chew, the blue-haired girl found herself returning her mistress’s almost impish grin at those playful antics as the older woman grabbed a stick of celery for herself. *That* seemed to be the signal that Sofia was waiting for as the blonde immediately leaned in to help herself, popping a mushroom into her mouth and adjusting her grip on the bound girl in her lap before grabbing a strip of flatbread to share. Soon enough a soft and comfortable silence seemed to descend on the table as they ate, idle chatter fading away into the background. While it was hardly the first meal that Brianna had enjoyed in bondage, the act of being rendered so helpless that her mistresses actually had to feed her appealing to her submissive nature in a wonderfully arousing way, it *was* the first time she’d ever had an audience while doing so. Of course, that only made it better and the blue-haired girl felt a blush rise on her cheeks and a familiar, exhibitionist thrill raced down her spine as her lovers touched her and teased her and stole kisses between bites, as if eager to put on a show themselves. Another sentiment that Elise seemed to share, if the smile curling the slender brunette’s lips was any indication as she fed Claire and somehow made the act of eating look impossibly sensual. So much so that, even though her own hands were free, Talia began to beg for her mistress’s affections as well, an almost adorably cute pout adorning her pierced lips and a tiny whine echoing in her throat. Affections that the pale young woman withheld for a moment or two longer, willfully ignoring her pet before finally giving in.

And yet, despite the obvious thread of eroticism woven throughout the encounter it felt easy, almost comfortable. As if she were back home, sitting at the kitchen table after a morning run, tired and sore and yet energized despite all that as she relaxed within the comfort of Sofia’s arms and Roxanna’s tender care. It really was amazing what you could get used to given enough time, and how quickly even the most outlandish circumstances could become normal, even routine. Like sitting in a beautiful woman’s lap, tits out and arms bound tight while another, equally beautiful woman fed you. Blush suddenly darkening at that thought, the blue-haired girl was once again drawn out of her unexpected introspection when Roxanna touched her face. Starting ever so slightly in surprise, she quickly glanced at the olive-skinned woman to see her mistress offer both a slender smile, a dumpling. Nodding ever so slightly in acceptance of the unspoken invitation, Brianna licked her lips in a deliberately provocative manner and bent down to take a bite, the almost velvety texture of the wrapper parting effortlessly between her teeth and releasing the decadently pleasant taste of pulled pork barbecued in molasses, the faintest burn of cayenne pepper rolling over her tongue and actually making her moan. A reaction that Roxanna certainly seemed to appreciate if the heated look that flashed in those soft brown eyes was any indication, a slender and yet impossible seductive half smile suddenly curling the olive-skinned woman’s lips as she leaned in closer and closer and *closer*. So close in fact that Brianna instinctively pursed her lips and braced herself for a kiss only to be left blinking in almost stunned surprise when her mistress stopped at the last moment, smile instantly shifting into a smirk as she leaned back and popped the last of the dumpling into her own mouth. Sofia certainly seemed amused if the blonde’s deep, throaty chuckle was any indication though even she took some mercy when the bound girl in her arms began to pout in earnest and hugged her slave tight before offering a gentle kiss on the cheek.

“No need for that, *devushka*.” the athletic woman soothed, the barest hint of amusement still audible in her voice as she pressed a second kiss behind Brianna’s ear, “I assure you that I still find you positively *delectable*.”

Almost despite herself the blue-haired girl smiled, shifting a bit to thrust out her chest and lean back against the blonde’s impressive bosom, “Thank you, mistress.”

As Sofia flashed a toothy smile and allowed her hands to roam upwards, once again cupping Brianna’s breasts as she shifted to claim her mouth in a proper kiss, the tiniest of grins tugged at Roxanna’s lips as she rolled her eyes at her lovers’ antics. Crossing her legs as she straightened her posture, the olive-skinned woman glanced across the table to catch their host’s eye, “Once again I must offer our thanks for the invitation, Ms. Elise. And I must compliment you on your sense of taste, these are quite delightful.”

“Why thank you, I’ve always found them to be.” Elise returned as she flashed a grin of her own despite being more than a little tangled up with her playthings. Grabbing a spinach roll with her free hand and casually tearing it in two, something in the woman’s tone and the glint in her eye suggested she was not just talking about the food as she offered half to Claire, who eagerly snapped it up between her teeth, while teasing Talia with the rest, practically forcing the girl to beg before gently placing the treat on her outstretched tongue, “But really, you should try the spinach puffs. They’re to *die* for.”

“I have always been fond of spinach.” Roxanna returned, her own smile suggesting that she certainly understood exactly what the brunette was getting at as she took one of the savory pastries between long fingers.

“I’ve been meaning to ask.” Elise continued, leaning back to once gain carefully embrace her pets, clearly reveling in the way Talia snuggled up against her chest and Claire practically purred beneath her touch, “Besides the dance do you have any grand plans for the rest of the evening? Any last minute adventures or wild parties I haven’t heard about?”

“Nothing terribly grandiose.” Roxanna admitted before finally taking a bite of the roll she was holding, “Once the masquerade is finished we might take in a midnight show. I have it on good authority that there will be a rather *interesting* fire dance performed tonight.”

“Ah yes,” Sofia added with an almost sly grin, “Ms. Lucrezia’s performance. I had almost forgotten after all the excitement.”

Offering her lover the rest of the pastry, Roxanna just shrugged as she took another to share with Brianna, “After that I suspect we will undress and tuck in for bed. We have a long drive ahead of us, after all, and after today I doubt anyone is in the mood for anything more… *vigorous*, as pleasant as that would be.”

Even caught in the throes of Sofia’s questing hands, the feeling of calloused fingers kneading her breasts with expert precision and sending a familiar thrill up her spine, the blue-haired girl felt her face darken at the implication, especially as she well knew that “tucked in” almost certainly meant “tied up” in her case. Not that she minded of course, but in the midst of that pleasant musing a sudden realization washed over her like a wave of cold water. Brianna did not regret this weekend, far from it in fact, the trip has been everything she could have ever hoped for and more besides, but the sudden reminder that it would soon come to an end and that they would be leaving in the morning struck her with a feeling not unlike melancholy. It was more than just that though. Everything about this vacation had always been planned as the last great adventure of a summer already full of wonder and discovery, a chance to truly cut loose and go out with a bang before the more mundane tedium of school and work overtook her once again. And while Claudia’s unfortunate absence had certainly put a damper on things, the blue-haired girl could not deny that they had succeeded beyond even her wildest dreams. Still, she also could not help but feel a certain sense of sadness to know that the dream would soon be coming to an end. Every high, every low, every wild adventure and wilder discovery reduced to little more than, admittedly pleasant, memories.

Something in her posture must have betrayed her thoughts as Sofia’s hands instantly stilled, the blonde’s shifting to hold the bound girl in her lap tight, voice thick with concern, “Is something the matter, *devushka*?”

Biting her lip the blue-haired girl shook her head, trying and failing to think of some way to put everything she was feeling into words, tone quiet and almost strained when she finally spoke, “I just… I just don’t want tonight to end.”

Sofia’s grip almost instantly tightened into a comforting embrace, but despite that it was Roxanna who reacted first. Placing a hand on the girl’s face and offering a soft smile, the olive-skinned woman allowed her voice to drop into a quiet and soothing tone, “I understand, *korítsi*. It is so easy to be lost in a wonderful moment, and so hard to walk away when called, but do not be sad. We have made some good memories, no?”

Lips twitching ever so slightly, Brianna leaned into the older woman’s touch, rubbing her cheek against that silky soft palm like an over eager cat, “Yes, mistress.”

“And there is still time to make more.” Sofia added as she planted a kiss behind the bound girl’s ear before nipping at the gauge pierced through her earlobe.

Shivering in earnest now as ivory teeth grazed sensitive skin, a tiny and yet more than slightly aroused moan escaped Brianna’s throat as she shifted her hips in the blonde’s lap, once more reveling in the feeling of that firm body beneath her while grinding against the wire squeezing her clit, “Y… yes, mistress.”

Well aware of what her plaything was doing, Sofia grinned and nipped at her ear again, harder this time, “Good girl.”

Even as a deeper and much more desperate moan escaped that pale throat and Roxanna leaned in to still trembling lips with a kiss, hands slowly dropping down to cup sensitive breasts and squeezing ever so softly, Elise watched the display with an almost pensive expression. As the olive-skinned woman began to tease her plaything in earnest, deepening the kiss while fondling rock hard nipples with the tips of her thumbs, the brunette glanced at Claire who just bit her lip to suppress a grin as she nodded eagerly. Even so the young dominatrix hesitated for a heartbeat or two before finally clearing her throat loudly enough to draw attention back to herself, “You know, it doesn’t have to end.”

*That* certainly caught the blue-haired girl’s attention, even if the continued distraction of skilled hands kneading her breasts made it difficult to focus. Not that she could have responded anyway with her mouth still very much occupied by Roxanna’s tongue. Sofia, thankfully, was under no such constraints, prompting the blonde to glance at their host and raise a brow curiously, “An intriguing suggestion, Ms. Elise. Are you proposing that we stop time? I confess that such an ability *would* be most useful.”

The playfully teasing note in the athletic woman’s voice made Elise’s lips twitch ever so faintly in amusement as she shook her head, “If only. No, every party comes to an end eventually, but that doesn’t mean it's over. You can carry pieces of it with you. New ideas, new experiences,” pausing ever so briefly the brunette bit her lip to play with her lip ring, voice almost tentative, “new *relationships*.”

It was Roxanna’s turn to react at that rather unexpected suggestion, a look of surprise flitting across the olive-skinned woman’s face as she broke the kiss with shocking suddenness to regard the dominatrix with open interest, “A proposition, Ms. Elise?”

The softly teasing yet honestly curious tone of the older woman’s voice prompted Elise to smile even as she wrapped an arm around Talia’s waist and reached up to stroke Claire’s cheek with the back of her free hand, “As pleasant as this afternoon was I’m afraid keeping up with these two is already a full time job.”

“We love you too, mistress.” Claire interrupted with an almost shameless purr as she nuzzled against the woman’s touch, prompting Talia to grin in agreement as squirmed in Elise’s lap to kiss a pale cheek affectionately.

Pausing to briefly kiss the pale-eyed girl in turn, and gently pat Claire on the cheek, Elise smiled softly, “I know we might never see each other again, but there’s no reason we can’t stay in touch. Meeting new people is half the fun of an event like this, as is making new friends. Besides,” she added with a deliberately playful grin, “Blue here might have a promising career as a model in front of her.”

Brianna’s already fierce blush went positively neon at that pronouncement, only to intensity to the point where it felt as if her face might actually catch fire when Sofia laughed in utter delight, “That would be a fascinating turn of events, no? Usually we are the ones modeling for you, *devushka*.”

“Our Brianna is quite the aspiring artist,” Roxanna added, answering the unasked question as she caught Elise’s eye and finally released the blue-haired girl’s breasts to gently cup her face, “And quite talented. We model for her paintings, and she models bondage gear for us. A fair trade, no?”

“Quite.” Elise agreed with a sly grin, “Pity I didn’t know about that earlier, Blue. I’d have loved to see your work. Or pose for it.”

While that mental image did little to help her blush, Brianna managed a tiny smirk of her own, “Maybe in the future? I’d offer you my card, but…” trailing off she tugged at her armbinder for emphasis, “I’m a little tied up right now.”

It was an old joke, and in her opinion not a very clever one, but Elise smiled regardless as Sofia chuckled lightly and Roxanna pressed a feather-soft kiss to her lips. Gently stroking the bound girl’s face, almost making her shiver beneath that silky touch, the olive-skinned woman smiled at last, a warm and gentle grin that made Brianna relax despite her strict bondage, and spoke, “It is good to have friends, no?”

Brianna’s face lit up as she found herself returning that smile. It shouldn’t have surprised her, not really. Her mistresses had always seemed to anticipate her feelings almost better than she understood them herself, but it still felt good to know that Roxanna had grasped, without a single word being spoken, just what had made this trip so special for her. And so the blue-haired girl tried to put all of her love, all of her thanks, all of her *everything* into her voice when she finally answered, “Very much so, mistress.”

The way Sofia’s arms tightened around her in a warm, comforting embrace suggesting that she’d succeeded, but as Roxanna leaned in for another kiss the moment was shattered when Elise laughed out loud, voice ringing with honest joy as she shook her head in amusement. A joy that her pets certainly seemed to share if the smile on Claire’s face and the sparkle in Talia’s pale eyes was any indication.

“You three are an absolute delight, you know that?” Not giving them a chance to answer, the pale brunette reached down to grab her purse, casually slinging the black bag covered in pins onto the table with a clatter. With one hand still glued to Claire’s side, Elise awkwardly reached around the slender figure still perched in her lap to pull a card and a pen out of her handbag, quickly scribbling out a message before sliding it across well polished wood, “Here, take *my* card. Who knows what the future might hold, after all.”

“Who indeed?” Roxanna mirrored, almost rhetorically as she took the card between dexterous fingers and held it up for inspection.

Brimming with curiosity, Brianna craned her neck to try and catch a glimpse, noting the way the young dominatrix’s name and contact information had been printed in clear and simple text, bold lines of dark ink standing in stark contrast to crisp white paper while next to that the stylized silhouette of a bound figure knelt at the feet of another silhouette obviously holding a whip. While it was certainly a unique business card, if definitely *appropriate* given the circumstances and who it belonged to, what truly brought a smile to the blue-haired girl’s lips was the message hastily written below all of that, ‘Don’t be strangers.’

“You have our thanks yet again, Ms. Elise.” Sofia added, chuckling softly under her breath as she rested her chin on the blue-haired girl’s shoulder. “We will be certain to send you our own information later tonight.” an almost playful grin suddenly curled the blonde’s lips, “These outfits are not well suited to carrying phones, you see.”

“Oh, I understand completely.” Elise agreed with a tiny, impish smirk as she once again very deliberately allowed her gaze to roam over the three, practically drinking in the sight of Sofia’s low cut jacket, Brianna’s snug corset and the sheer lace clinging to Roxanna’s body, “So very worth it though.”

Sofia just grinned in response and nuzzled her slave affectionately, a hand once more trailing up the bound girl’s side to cup a bare breast and flick the ornate piercing dangling from a rock hard nipple. And yet, even as she squirmed within her mistress’s grasp and arched her back to emphasize her own more modest assets, Brianna found that she could not help but grin as well. Beyond the familiar thrill of the blonde’s touch, Elise’s open inspection of her body only added to the intensity of the moment. The stormy gray eyes that seemed to cut right through her, the knowing and yet lustful grin on Talia’s lips that very much reminded the blue-haired girl of just what those lips could do, to say nothing of the spark of hunger hidden deep in Claire’s own gaze despite the gentle warmth of her expression, as if the redhead longed to taste her again. All of it was almost too much. The conversation picked up again at some point, as did the meal, but she wasn’t really paying attention save to note that the spinach rolls really were delicious and the egg tarts were the perfect blend of sweet and savory. No, despite everything Brianna decided to simply let go and revel in the moment, to bask in the affections of her lovers and the feeling of gentle touches and smoldering gazes roaming over her skin, goosebumps rising in their wake. Her mistresses had been right of course, as had Elise though perhaps that was only natural since in some ways the brunette was her mistress as well. Even if the day was ending sooner than she might have liked, tomorrow would still dawn as it always did, and no matter what the future might hold she could still keep the memories of *now* warm in her heart. Besides, there was still plenty of time to make more memories. They *would* attend the masquerade and dance late into the night even if the clit clip was driving her crazy, they *would* watch Lucrezia’s midnight performance and maybe even get a chance to show off their new outfits to the dancer, and she *would* spend the night wrapped up in the arms of her lovers, bound and gagged and utterly theirs.

And, as she leaned back against Sofia’s chest, a faint blush rising on her cheeks at the feeling of the blonde’s ample assets pressing against her back, Brianna decided that she would enjoy every single moment of it.
