---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storieslr/olga_the_russian_witch.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: 'Olga: The Russian Witch'
authors:
- Peter J. Skeet
tags:
- F/m
- vore
- eaten
- digestion
- swallow
- hard
- mast
- majick
- shrink
- cage
- drug
- naked
- trick
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-01-11 00:00:00
---

William was your average middle-American teenager, living with his parents in a modest home in a quaint, friendly neighborhood. His family purchased the home when he was three years old, and throughout his childhood, he became acquainted with most of his neighbors, both young and old; he trusted them. Like his own parents, they were hardworking, honest people. They did each other favors, looked after one another, and gathered during the holidays. It was an idyllic community, a relic of a bygone era. William was particularly fond of an elderly, childless widow named Olga. Olga, who would never reveal her true age, had immigrated to the United States from Russia - likely after World War II.

When he was a child, Olga would often tell stories to the youngsters in the neighborhood. Most viewed Olga as grandmotherly, but William thought differently. To him, Olga was arousing. In his pubescence, William did not understand if his attraction to Olga was normal - or even appropriate. He was attracted to her maturity: she was petite but had supple breasts. Her hair was a mixture of blonde and silver, and she had few wrinkles. Most of all, he noticed that while Olga was slender and exceptionally fit for her age, she possessed a round little belly. He adored bikini-clad women and developed a fetish for the female stomach. William often wondered how Olga would look *sans* clothing. What would her navel look like? Would he ever get lucky enough to caress her naked stomach and insert his willing finger into its warm insides?

By William’s teenage years, Olga had grown fond of him. She frequently invited him to join her in conversation on her front porch. In the winter months, she would invite him inside, where they enjoyed cups of hot Russian tea in her parlor. One afternoon, during the summer of his fourteenth year, William stopped by Olga’s house and saw her devouring a pile of freshly picked cherries. She explained she had just returned from picking them, and if she did not eat them quickly, they would go to waste. Olga offered a bit of her snack to the boy, but he refused. Instead, William began paying close attention to Olga as she ate. She selected an individual cherry, looked at it, and then gently transferred it to her mouth. After devouring the fruit, she would discreetly deposit the seed into one of her many flower beds. When the cherries were gone, Olga leaned back and rubbed her slightly distended stomach. William became very aroused and envisioned the cherries digesting in the belly of the old woman. He thought about how, on this very morning, those cherries were still attached to their branches. Now, only hours later, they were being mushed in the warm pit of Olga’s stomach. For a moment, William considered what it would be like if he were those cherries. It became a constant fantasy, albeit one he never thought would come to fruition…

---

The coming years were unkind to William. Although he was a handsome chap, he performed poorly in school and was barely admitted to university. While at school, he was constantly ignored by the other students. He disliked his roommate and was placed on academic probation at the end of his freshman year. Coming home for the summer was the only thing that he looked forward to, but he was ashamed to tell Olga about his failures. On the last day of the semester, William packed his belongings and departed immediately. He had a pleasant, yet foreboding feeling that he would not be returning in the fall.

As he drove into his neighborhood that hot, sunny day, he was compelled to go by Olga’s home. He was now a man. To his great surprise, Olga was working in her garden and was wearing nothing but her bra and panties. Most older women would never fathom walking outdoors in their underwear, but the Olga’s carefree European spirit made it seem surprisingly ordinary. William was exhilarated, as he knew that his dream of gazing upon Olga’s bare stomach would soon become a reality. He parked his car and walked up to the house where he was greeted by his old friend.

“You have returned! I was wondering when you would be back,” exclaimed Olga.

"Yes, I have returned, and am glad to be home," William replied. "How have you been, Olga? I have missed you!"

"Very well…Very well. I'm glad to know you are home. I've been waiting for you. But now, I am very busy. Won't you come over tomorrow for some tea and cookies?"

"Oh yes, I would love that! What time?" William enthusiastically exclaimed.

"Four o'clock. You arrive on time, now," she firmly said.

"Gee, thanks, Olga. I'll make sure I am right on time!"

As he turned to leave, he could not resist embracing Olga. After all, he'd waited his entire teenage life to see Olga's bare stomach, and now he had the chance to feel it, if only for a brief moment. As he hugged her, his hands quickly caressed the skin of Olga's sides and back. The surface wasn't just warm; it was hot--almost like a little oven. He could even hear her belly give off a quiet little growl. He took a moment to gaze at the navel he had fantasized about for so many years. It was more beautiful than he imagined: larger, softer, and delicately wrinkled. Her saggy skin flowed into its oblivion like a gentle stream.

As William ceased his embrace and began to depart, Olga stopped him and quickly said: "Oh, and William…don't tell your parents."

"Why?" he reluctantly inquired.

"Don't ask why," retorted Olga. "Just don't tell anyone. You'll understand…soon."

William returned home feeling elated. "What would teatime with Olga be like? Why doesn't she want me to tell my parents - or anyone else?" he wondered. William could hardly contain himself. He was barely able to say hello to his mother before retreating to his bedroom, where he furiously masturbated. He hoped he would finally lose his virginity. Olga was obviously infatuated with him. Although he had never considered making love with the old woman, he surmised it was second best to being devoured by her. He barely slept that night.

The following day, William awoke with nervous excitement. Since his summer job had yet to begin, he had the day to himself. He spent the morning assisting his mother in the garden - like a good boy. After his chores, he took a long shower, shaved, and put on his finest cologne. He had to change his clothes several times before selecting the perfect outfit for teatime with Olga.

At 3:50 PM, the dapperly dressed William snuck out of his bedroom window, keeping his promise of secrecy, and set out to meet Olga. He arrived at her house at exactly four o'clock. His heart was beating rapidly, and he had to wipe a small amount of sweat from his forehead. Before he could knock, Olga answered the door.

"Perfect!" the old woman declared.

"Well, good afternoon, Olga! Thank you so much for having me," William said with an echo of nervousness in his voice.

"The pleasure is mine, dear boy. Come in, come in quickly. It is dreadfully hot outside, and the tea and cookies are getting cold," hurriedly replied the old woman.

William entered the home, which had the delightful smell of freshly baked cookies and a variety of spices. He sat down and allowed Olga to serve him. William was disappointed. He had naively imagined Olga would still be in her bra and panties. Instead, she wore a housedress with a Russian print. Olga quickly brought in two cups of hot Russian tea and a plate of her famous cookies.

"Eat, my dear…eat," ordered Olga with a curious smile.

William did as he was told, eventually eating ten cookies while he enjoyed his tea. Olga made conversation while her guest dined, but she never touched the cookies. William guessed that she was watching her weight, as most women do. Suddenly, just as he drank his last gulp of tea, William noticed his pants were loosening. This was quite disturbing for a young man who had just enjoyed ten cookies. He then watched in horror as the sleeves of his t-shirt came to his wrists. He rose from his chair but quickly fell to the floor. He gazed upwards into Olga's smiling face. He heard her cackle as his world faded into darkness.

---

William awoke after what seemed to be a long slumber. It was dark and difficult for him to see his surroundings. He arose from a small pallet that was made for him on a hard, wooden floor. He began walking around but noticed the bars that surrounded the small room. "I am in a cage!" he thought to himself. Before he had time to think, a light appeared in the hallway, and Olga's smiling face came into view. She was massive!

"Ahh…you have awoken, my dear," Olga said sternly.

"Where the hell am I? What have you done to me, Olga?" asked the now-frightened boy.

"Listen to me, William,” she responded with a doctor-like bedside manner, “the cookies and tea you had this afternoon were drugged with a special potion. The potion caused you to shrink. My plan is to make you nice and plump…and then gobble you up. I know you have wanted this for many years - ever since you watched me eat those cherries. Do not protest! The potion cannot be reversed, but because I love you, I will give you a choice: If you choose to stay, I will feed you the best foods from my kitchen, and when you are fat enough, to my belly you will go…whole and alive. Choose it not, and I will release you into my garden. In my garden, you may go where you choose. There are many predators there, but if you make it back to your home, you can live as a two-inch man with your mommy and daddy forever. You will have until the morning to decide. In the meantime, here is some food.”

At that, Olga opened his cage and gave him a large plate of *golubtsi*, a hearty Russian meat-stuffed cabbage dish. She quickly locked the cage and hurried up the stairs.

William’s mind was swirling. He knew Olga spoke the truth: the potion had brought him to a place of no return. How could he ever survive as a two-inch man in Olga's garden - let alone make it home and explain to his parents what had happened? William's perplexed state made him quite hungry. He began eating the meal Olga had prepared. It was wonderful! The combination of the spiced meat, boiled cabbage, and dill made him feel as if he were actually in Moscow! It was then he realized his dream was coming true. He was going to experience what that lucky cherry experienced so many years ago. His decision was made: he would stay with the Russian witch. After his meal was complete, he got back into his pallet and slipped into a deep sleep.

In the early afternoon, William saw the bright sunlight fighting its way through the window wells of Olga's basement. The door to his cage was open and Olga was tickling his body gently with her wrinkled finger.

"Look at how fat you've gotten already!" she exclaimed with excitement. "I gave you until morning to make your decision, and it is already afternoon. What will it be?" she asked.

"I'm going to stay here! I've dreamt of this for a long time," William replied.

"Wonderful, my dear, wonderful," she cackled, "I will feed you well, so you will feed me well. You will be very happy. Eat up, now!" she said while handing him a mayonnaise-drenched sandwich and a cinnamon roll.

Over the next few days, William was fed the best food Olga had to offer. As he got plumper, normal activities became more difficult. William had expressed a desire to spend more time with Olga; he wanted to know the woman who would digest him; he wanted to understand the body of which he would become a part. Given his growing size, Olga knew that there was not much time remaining until William would be inside of her. She happily obliged him.

During the first evening out of his cage, Olga prepared a special treat for her future meal. She carried him into her living room and allowed him to sit comfortably on a pillow. He waited patiently as she got dressed. All of a sudden, beautiful music began to play, and Olga emerged in a belly dancer's outfit. This was the first time since William had been placed in captivity that he had gotten the chance to see the beloved navel of his captor. As Olga danced, she shook her belly against William's tiny body. At the conclusion of the dance, the young man, no longer able to contain his carnal urges, ejaculated all over himself. How warm and soft Olga's tongue was when she licked it from his body.

---

The following evening, Olga realized if William got any fatter, he would surpass the diameter of her throat. Her belly began to growl; she decided William would be eaten the following evening.

“You have grown deliciously plump, my dear,” Olga began. “If you grow any larger, I worry you will be too wide for my throat. Tomorrow, I will put you in my belly,” she continued, unlocking William’s cage and cleaning out what remained of his last meal.

"Are we going to cuddle tonight, Olga?" William asked, feeling a lump form in his throat.

"Yes, my delicious boy," she replied, scooping him into her hand.

Instead of taking him into the living room or parlor, Olga carried the boy upstairs to her private quarters. The room was beautiful. It was ornately decorated and was full of antiques bequeathed from her ancestors. She placed him on the bed and removed her clothes. Since William had been without clothes since his shrinking, the two would lie together naked. Olga got into bed and placed William on top of her stomach, so his head rested inside her deep navel. He loved the warmth it provided, as well as its musty smell. The two rested together in silence for nearly an hour, Olga’s belly gently gurgling all the while.

As William rested on the old woman’s stomach, he marveled that by this time tomorrow, he would be turning to mush inside of it. Suddenly, many questions began brewing in his head. What would Olga’s digestive system *actually* be like? How would it smell? Would it hurt? Would he stay inside forever, or would he eventually be eliminated? He felt like a small child who knew nothing about the human body.

“Olga,” he asked, “what will it be like inside of you?

“Oh, William, my insides will be nice and warm. They will caress you; they will care for you, and they will keep you safe,” she sweetly replied, teasing him with her long fingernail.

“Yes, but will it hurt…and might it smell bad there?” he continued.

“My tummy is an acidic place, William. While I would never *want* to hurt you, the juices will break you down so your nutrients can be absorbed when you enter my intestines. The stomach might be a smelly place, but you must remember, you are food. Food belongs in the stomach. You will be very happy, I assure you. It will be a natural experience.”

“Can I remain in your belly forever?” he asked childishly.

“How I wish you could, my dear. If I had the choice, I would digest you over and over again…forever. But remember what I said: you will experience nature. Mother Nature says that you can only stay inside me until it is time for you to come out. You are a smart boy, William. You know what that means,” Olga explained.

“I just didn’t know, Olga. Honestly, this whole experience is just so special. I mean, it’s like you are magical or something!”

“I am special, aren’t I? My sweet, dear, even I cannot escape nature. Are you nervous about becoming my poopy? Even the cherries you watched me eat became poo. There is nothing to be afraid of,” she said, comforting him.

“No, I’m not afraid. Maybe I’m curious,” he replied.

“You know what they used to say? ‘Curiosity killed the cat.’ Come, William…come with me,” she purred as she took William in her hand.

Olga slowly got up from the bed, and with her future meal in hand, made her way to the bathroom. Olga sat down on the toilet with William comfortably perched on her stomach.

“You’re a very lucky boy, my dear. Just watch between my legs,” said Olga gently.

William watched as Olga began to urinate. Moments later, he heard several pieces of feces slide into the toilet. The room was suddenly filled with a warm, nutty odor. It was not entirely unpleasant and had a hint of the spices with which Olga often cooked. Olga was correct: the experience was very natural. Several more pieces of feces landed in the toilet before Olga declared:

“There! You see, there is nothing to be curious about anymore. Now, since I showed you my most private of acts, you must return the favor. My hands ache from arthritis and wiping my bottom can be quite painful.” Olga grabbed a wad of toilet paper and rose from the toilet. She handed the wad to William and bent over, exposing her dirty anus. “Clean it!” she ordered.

William took his time, carefully cleaning the remaining fecal matter from Olga’s anus. He found her anus beautiful, and he was very comfortable knowing he would eventually be excreted from it. When he finished cleaning Olga, he peered into the toilet and gazed upon the product of the woman’s colon. He could see bits of her past meals remaining in it, and it sent a wave of peace throughout his body. William then deposited the wad of paper into the toilet, flushed it, and watched as the feces disappeared into the sewer.

“I am very tired, William. Tonight, you will sleep next to me…and tomorrow, you shall sleep inside of me,” Olga said tenderly, taking the boy to the sink to bathe him. William felt cold once and shivered once the bath was complete. However, he was soon snuggled against Olga’s warm belly, where he remained until morning.

---

William slept late on his final morning in the world outside of Olga’s body. He awoke peacefully, gazing directly into Olga’s soft belly button. “Tonight,” he thought, that’s where I shall be.” William laid awake for an hour, staring at his beloved Olga before she arose.

“Today is the day,” exclaimed Olga as she awoke. “How do you feel?”

“I’m curiously excited,” William quickly replied.

“I am very busy today and will be away. You must spend time alone. Since it is beautiful outside, I thought that you would like to spend the day in the sun. It is very dark inside of me, which is where you will be tonight. If I allow you to go outside, you must stay in your cage. I will not compete with animals for your meat,” she stated with a wry smile.

Olga locked William safely in his cage and set out on her errands. With no way to tell the time, other than by the position of the sun, he patiently waited for her while bathing in the light. The day was all the more beautiful because he knew what awaited him that evening. The afternoon, however, was not without a bit of angst. William pondered his mortality, questioning whether Olga’s belly would be what he had imagined. He also worried about Olga. What if she were to get into an accident? If Olga died today, what would he do?

William’s anxiety about Olga’s demise was in vain. As the sun began to set, Olga’s old Mercedes-Benz pulled into her garage. After moving several bags of groceries inside, she came to retrieve her prized meal. Overwhelmed with hunger, she dreamt of the way the boy would taste. Olga fantasized about William moving around in her ravenous stomach.

---

“Are you hungry yet, Olga? Is it time?” William asked excitedly as Olga appeared in the garden.

“I am hungry enough to eat a little boy!” she exclaimed with a chuckle. “Yes, William, the time has finally come.”

Olga moved William’s cage into the kitchen and unlocked it. In seemingly slow motion, Olga’s wrinkled hand reached in and grabbed him. She took him to the sink and thoroughly washed him. Olga moved him into her dining room and placed him on a plate – her finest china. She lit several candles before exiting the room. William gazed at the ceiling; his heart was racing. Shortly thereafter, Olga returned, wearing a beautiful two-piece gown, which perfectly exposed her beautiful navel. Olga looked exotically gorgeous, as if she were a character from *Arabian Nights*. At that moment, she ceased being an old woman. William’s heart fluttered as he prepared to be forever in union with the woman of his dreams.

Olga took her seat at the head of her dining room table, her hungry belly playfully protruding over the bottom half of her gown. She took William in her hands and placed his plump body against her navel for one last look.

“Alright,” she said flatly. “You’re ready.”

Olga brought William to her mouth and began to lick him. She caressed his entire body with her tongue. Soon, the boy was covered in her saliva, and he could see her mouth slowly beginning to open. William glanced into Olga’s gaping maw and watched as he was lowered inside. Once inside her mouth, Olga held him in place with her teeth and continued to caress him with her tongue. It was warm and moist in her mouth, and although dark, William could see into the depths of the woman’s throat. Suddenly, he was freed from the grasp of her teeth. He quickly began to slide to the back of Olga’s mouth. The back of Olga’s tongue went down, and he was thrusted into her awaiting gullet. The plump boy’s girth was a perfect size for the woman to swallow, although he traveled down her esophagus slowly. Soon, William had reached what seemed to be a small trapdoor. When it opened, he fell into Olga’s cavernous stomach. Outside, Olga retired to her bed and rubbed her distended tummy, thinking of sweet William, who was finally digesting inside.

William felt as though he were in heaven as he began to be enveloped by the juices in Olga’s belly. The smell of the stomach made William feel at home. After all, he was a woman’s food, and a woman’s food belongs in her stomach. He could feel the mucous-covered ridges of the wonderful organ of which he was inside; its walls constantly squirted more and more hot digestive acids over his body. As her tummy churned, William felt a tingling sensation throughout his body. Although he knew he was turning into mush, he enjoyed every moment. After a half-hour, the churning slowed, and William rested in the pit of Olga’s belly. It was everything he had imagined - and more. He was so warm; he felt loved, and he wished that he could stay inside the tummy forever.

Several hours later, William felt himself being sucked through a hole at the bottom of Olga’s stomach. He was gelatinous and unable to move well, but he kept himself fairly intact as he reached the entrance to Olga’s intestines. William relaxed as the woman’s intestine covered him with bile, which steadily digested and absorbed him into her body. For the next day, he drifted in and out of consciousness in the warmth of Olga’s bowels. When he finally awoke, he smelled a familiar odor. It was warm and nutty; it was natural. Being at the final stage in the food chain, nature was taking its course with him. William enjoyed the relaxing nature of Olga’s colon; it was satisfying being a woman’s poo.

After more time had passed, William felt Olga sit down and heard the sound of urine exiting her body. A warm breeze blew past him. He began to move quickly. Suddenly, he was thrust through Olga’s anus and into the cold water of her toilet. William stared up at Olga’s bum as she continued to deposit feces into the toilet. Despite her arthritic hands, Olga cleaned herself. She arose from the toilet and stared at William, who was nothing more than a firm, brown blob. Instead of flushing it, she produced a jar and scooped William’s remains into it. She tightened the lid and smiled at him. “Thank you, my dear,” she said.

No one else ever knew what happened to William. Despite the best efforts of the police, his parents, the media, and concerned citizens, his mysterious disappearance was never solved. Today, William remains Olga’s feces and is quietly hidden in her basement. Olga continues to socialize with neighborhood kids, as well as with William’s parents. When asked about her thoughts on his whereabouts, Olga always says with a mischievous smile and a little rumble from her belly:

“I guess we’ll never know.”
