---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tatianna's Task! Part 3
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- bond
- bdsm
- leather
- susp
- oral
- tickle
- toys
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Tatianna's Task! Part 2**](tatiannas_task2.html))_

_**CHAPTER 5 – INTO MY PARLOR.**_

_As soon as she knew Amy would have left for work Tati accessed her computer and read both her diary and the paper she had written.  That girl was going to be very tired during her shift thought the Domme; obviously she didn’t take the time to get some sleep._

_Everything she read was just perfect.  She had the girl exactly where she wanted her and still had four months to complete her task.  It would not take that long, in fact, if she played her cards right it would happen on the morning that Amy finished her last shift before she started her holidays.  Life was good and promised to be very profitable._

_The next afternoon Tati was already seated in the restaurant.  Her leather coat was thrown over the back of a spare chair next to her and she wore a pale blue bulky knit sweater with a knee length navy blue leather skirt; black boots with a very sensible heel completed her outfit._

_Sipping on a cup of tea her eyes followed Amy as she crossed the room towards her table.  The newly minted submissive had followed orders and wore a white turtle neck sweater with a dark tweed skirt, ankle boots and her leather jacket.  She carried a mid-sized handbag with a shoulder strap._

_“Good afternoon Amy how was work last night?”_

_“I was very tired…”  She hesitated and then curled the fingers of her left hand and lifted it a little way off the table._

_“Very good Amy.” Tati whispered, “But you can use my name in public as long as you don’t forget the signal when it is appropriate.”_

_“Thank you Tatianna.”  The fingers moved again.  “I did not get much sleep after you took me home.  I had something to eat and then wrote the report you wanted; here is the copy you asked for.”_

_The Domme had, of course, already read what Amy had written directly off her computer but she made herself carefully scan each line.  She looked up and smiled at Amy who was nervously biting her lip._

_“Very good, now let’s order and eat.”_

_During the course of the meal as they talked, Amy kept putting down her fork to curl the fingers of her hand until, finally, Tati reached across the table and covered the girl’s hand with her own._

_“I know you remember Amy so relax and eat your dinner.  We will have to re-think that rule at mealtimes.”  She smiled and saw a look of relief cross Amy’s face followed by a pleased grin._

_Just wait until I have what I want little one then you will really find out what rules you will have to obey.  Tati’s thoughts strayed for a moment as she relished the training she would inflict on the girl across the table when the contract was completed._

_After the meal they went out to Tati’s car, Amy had walked as she usually did, and drove to her apartment.  Once settled Tati handed Amy a list of the things they would be going shopping for on Saturday.   On the list was a pair of lace up thigh boots with the highest possible heels, a bondage bra, a boned leather corset and a ball gag.  The last items were a leather blindfold and a single arm binder._

_“Those items will not be cheap Amy.  How are your finances?_

_Having hacked the girl’s bank accounts Tati knew that, in fact, she had quite a substantial balance and it was no wonder.  She was single with no social life and other than rent, household and car insurance, groceries and eating a lot of her meals in restaurants her only vice was clothes._

_“How much will they cost Mistress?”_

_“I have found three stores in the area we can visit but I would expect somewhere between one and two thousand dollars.”_

_Amy didn’t hesitate.  “I can afford that Mistress.”_

_“Good.  I will see you early Saturday morning.  Here is the address and a map. I noticed in your report of our session yesterday that, while you were often nervous because you didn’t know what was going to happen, the only time you were scared was when you couldn’t breathe for a few moments when your face was jammed in my vagina.  I will take that into account as I plan our next sessions.”_

_After getting on her coat she gripped Amy’s chin and pulled her forwards so that they could kiss._

_“Four days little one; I look forward to seeing you in four days time.”_

_During the next few days Tatianna revised her plans.  She still had four months to complete the contract but it was six weeks until Amy started her vacation. That left only two and a half months if something went wrong.  She would have to concentrate on making sure she got what was needed at the end of the next six weeks.  That bridge crossed then she could really have fun with Amy for the following two weeks, when the girl was supposed to be on a four week vacation, while waiting to make sure that the theft had not been discovered._

_The first thing she needed was more complete information about the working of the parent company and the building Amy where worked.  There was the glimmer of an idea as to how she could do that and not spook Amy._

_Tati was up and dressed, but not in Domme mode, on Saturday morning when Amy’s car pulled in the driveway of her fairly secluded house._

_The girl was obviously surprised at the way Tati was dressed and even more so when she was helped out of her coat ._

_“I have breakfast nearly ready and then I’ll show you the spare bedroom so you can get some rest.  I’ll wake you a noon and we will have lunch then go shopping.  I hope you like bacon and eggs.”_

_This was the last thing Amy had expected.  In fact, all through her shift she had to really concentrate on her work while she kept trying to anticipate what Tatianna had in store for her._

_“Yes, thank you Mistress.”_

_Much as it grated on her more sadistic side Tati gritted her teeth and played nice even loaning Amy one of her satin night dresses and tucking her in with a light kiss on the forehead._

_The shopping trip went well and they found everything on the list in the first two stores.  At the second one Tati found a much better leather discipline helmet than the one she had and added it to the growing pile on the counter.  She paid for that herself._

_The owner of the store was so pleased with the sales she offered them fifty percent off the price of a latex hobble skirt for Amy that they accepted and, when the sub’s attention was elsewhere, she palmed a pair of nostril tubes to Tati._

_“With my thanks, have fun; she’s a natural you lucky bitch!  Here’s my card don’t hesitate to call if I can be of further assistance.”  She looked Tatianna straight in the eye.  “Any kind of assistance.”_

_The two of them recognized a shared chemistry between them; a sort of it takes one to know one type of thing._

_For the next two weeks Tatianna pushed every one of Amy’s buttons until she had the girl completely wrapped in her web.   Several times she had Amy laced in the thigh boots with towering heels, the hobble skirt and the corset.  With her breasts bulging through the tight rubber circles of the bondage bra and her arms locked behind her in a single glove she also introduced her to a ring gag.  After one such session, when they were relaxed and cuddling on the couch, she removed the gag from Amy’s mouth and dropped the bomb.   Again, mentally, she crossed her fingers._

_‘Would you like to move in with me Amy?  I believe we are in a relationship that should move to the next level and I hope you agree.  You told me that you have a month to month lease which means you could give your notice and then be here living with me while the balance of the lease you have paid for expires in a couple of weeks.  Even if you have to pay the landlord a short notice fee it would still be to our advantage.”_

_“You will have your own room and time to yourself unless we plan to do something together or I require your services as my submissive.  You will be saving your rent costs because I own this house (blatant lie) and, most importantly, if we work together, you will have the chance to explore and satisfy your deepest wishes.  As an added incentive I have a condo in Florida that you can go to for your vacation.”_

_That was another lie but it might sweeten the pot enough to swing the deal.  She held her breath!_

_Amy’s eyes locked with Tatianna’s while she wondered if this was the path she should follow._

_Her arms were locked behind her in the single glove as she knelt before Tati who was playing with her nipples and sending marvelous signals all though her body._

_“I would like that Mistress.  Yes please may I move in and live with you?”_

_If Tati had been the slightest bit religious there would have been at least two choruses by the Hallelujah Choir blasting out of the heavens._

_“Good we will have a lot of fun together as we learn what turns each of us on.  You will need to talk with your landlord and work things out.   You can sleep here after work tomorrow and then we will start moving your things over here; I need a spare key to your apartment.”_

_When Amy arrived after work the next morning she handed Tatianna a key to her apartment and then they chatted over breakfast.  Going up to the room she would be occupying she undressed, used the facilities and washed before climbing under the covers her new Mistress had folded back._

_“Let’s start as we intend to continue Amy.  You need to get used to the fact that you are my submissive and I control you whenever I want to.  I want you to start feeling comfortable with your need to subject yourself to my wishes and always be aware of our arrangement.”_

_“Now settle down on your back and give me your wrist.”_

_Amy searched the face of the dominant women sitting on the edge of her bed and found nothing there to scare her.  If only she had known!  She did as instructed._

_Tati fastened a padded strap around each wrist then ran a length of cord from the D rings on them out to the corners of the headboard.  Folding the bedclothes further out of the way she did the same with Amy’s ankles then arranged the sheet and blanket back and tucked them under the now helpless girl’s chin._

_“Open your mouth Amy and say hello to the new ball gag you purchased.”_

_When the ball was between her teeth and filling her mouth Tati buckled the strap at the back of her neck and then rearranged the pillow to support her head.  This left Amy wondering how she was supposed to go to sleep._

_Strangely, the answer to that question came just a few minutes after the Domme had kissed her on the forehead and left the room.  The knowledge that she was completely helpless and at the mercy of the woman who had just left; was offset by an equally strong feeling of warmth and security.  Minutes later she was fast asleep._

_Wasting no time Tatianna made a call to the company from whom she had leased her car and explained to them what she needed.  Two hours later a van with sliding side door and a wheelchair lift was delivered and parked in the three car garage beside her car and Amy’s.  It was on a two month lease._

_Amy was going to have an amazing orgasm, she could feel it building inside her and yet she didn’t remember getting the vibrator out of the bedside table.  She wanted to press it harder against her throbbing clit but her hands and arms would not do what she told them.  She tried to clamp her thighs together but they weren’t working either._

_She screamed in frustration but no sound came out._

_Amy woke up to the sight of Tatianna’s face with a huge grin on it as she teased Amy’s vagina and clitoris._

_“Time to wake up little one it’s passed lunch time.  Shall I put this toy away so we can eat?”  The grin on her face got even wider as she raised an eyebrow to emphasize the question._

_This time Amy did managed to force some sounds around the gag that filled her mouth._

_“I take that as a no Amy, am I right?”_

_Amy hair whipped around her head as she lifted it off the pillow and frantically nodded her head._

_Tatianna turned the vibrator to maximum and, ramming it deeply inside Amy, twisted it around until the bound girl arched up on the back of her head and her heels before collapsing back on the bed._

_“Fun time is over Amy but wasn’t that a nice way for me to wake you up?”_

_Amy reply was a moan of pleasure as she felt the straps at her wrists and ankles being undone then the gag was pulled from her mouth.  A sharp slap on her ass cheek brought her back to reality._

_“Shower and get dressed we have lots of work to do after lunch.  Move!”_

_The tone of voice left no doubt that playtime was over and by the time her Mistress left the room Amy was out of bed and following her instructions._

_They took the van to Amy’s apartment and, after she changed into slacks, she went to talk to the landlord while Tati found some suitcases and started packing.  The place had come furnished so there was nothing too heavy to move except Amy’s computer.  They managed to get a lot in the van but Tati would make a final trip the next morning while Amy slept._

_The landlord demanded an extra one month rent in lieu of full notice that they agreed to and Amy wrote him a cheque._

_Two days later everything had been done.  Amy had cancelled her telephone, cable for the television and computer and arranged for the post office to forward what little mail she received._

_Amy was settled in with a smaller room off her bedroom turned in to a den and her computer plugged in to the home’s cable feed._

_A few days passed and during this time Tati had concentrated on making sure that Amy was very satisfied sexually.  She did it with a mixture of bondage and teasing with vibrators and other toys; the butt plug had still not made its appearance._

_One day as they were just finishing a late lunch the Domme, apparently innocently, asked Amy how things had gone at work the previous night._

_“Fine Mistress.”_

_“Fine Mistress!  What does that tell me?”  Supposedly angry, Tati stared at her target.  “Did you have a chat with your co-workers at the meal break?  Was there anything interesting that happened?”_

_Amy cringed at the fury in Tatianna’s voice._

_“I’m sorry Mistress but we are not supposed to talk about anything that happens at work.”_

_“Well I don’t see what harm it would do.  I have no interest in, what’s the name of the company, Infocom?  I find it very disrespectful that you cannot answer simple questions about your work.”_

_Amy was in tears as she was accused of disobeying her new friend and Mistress but she loved her job and didn’t know how to reply._

_“Very well Amy, time for the next lesson in our relationship and in the D/s lifestyle.”_

_With that the crying girl suddenly found herself in a hammerlock and being pushed towards the basement stairs.  Most of the basement was a beautiful recreation room but a door at one end concealed an unfinished section._

_Tati had embedded several ring bolts, hooks and pulleys in the wooden joists of the ceiling and the metal support posts were also available._

_In no time Amy found herself hanging spread eagled, naked, a ball gag filling her mouth and facing her Mistress._

_“The lesson Amy is no secrets from your Mistress!  I’ll be back.”_

_When she returned Amy had expected the full Domme dress of black leather cat suit and boots.  Instead Tati posed for her in a very fashionable knee length black leather skirt with a matching waistcoat over a long sleeved white silk blouse.  The stilleto boots were there and her hands were covered in tight black leather gloves that offset the white of the silk._

_Her face was beautifully made up with each eye highlighted and scarlet lipstick on her lips.  Those lips were set in a firm line as she approached the strung up figure._

_“Let me make this completely clear Amy.  I do not give a damn what goes on at the company who employs you.  I do not have any interest in Infocom or whatever it is called.  But I intend to make you understand that, in this relationship, I am your Mistress and when I ask a question I expect it to be answered.”_

_All that was complete bullshit of course but she hoped it would soften up Amy enough that she would get the information she needed._

_“For the next ten minutes you are going to wish you had never been born.  I will then remove the gag and you will answer every single question that I ask or else the gag goes back in and we start over.”_

_After that speech Tatianna went over to a cupboard and reached for the most effective torture device in her arsenal._

_In two minutes she had Amy squirming and mewling through her gag; every inch of her skin was covered with a glistening sheen of perspiration.  After ten minutes she hung limply in the ropes and all thoughts of going against the wishes of the leather clad woman were forgotten._

_Tati gripped Amy’s chin and lifted her head so they were eye to eye._

_“Again, just for the record, I am going to ask you some questions and you will answer every one.  Otherwise I will give you another ten minutes with your friend here.”_

_Amy’s ‘friend’ and Tati’s favorite torture device was a large, beautiful, eagle feather!  There were very few people who were not ticklish and, unlike whips and paddles, the feather left no marks._

_Tati removed the gag and started with the questions that she needed answered so badly._

_“Now then when do you meet to chat with the others on the night shift?”_

_Tears still escaped from Amy’s eyes as she regained her breath._

_“We only see each other occasionally in the cafeteria around two in the morning.  There are only seven and we work all over the building.”_

_She had forgotten the ‘Mistress’ bit but Tati was more interested in keeping her talking._

_“Do you see any of them close to the end of your shift?”_

_“No, Mistress, we usually just finish up and leave.”_

_“What is your login password?_

_That one got an answer she hadn’t expected._

_“I don’t have a password Mistress.  When I arrive at work I phone down to Carl (the geek) and he has the computer system log me in automatically.  At the end of the shift the system transfers my overview operation to the office in England, where it is seven hours later, and then closes down my station.“_

_“So then you write reports all night unless the system has a problem?”_

_“Yes Mistress, except on Fridays.  Then the last thing I do is update the list of new clients the company has signed contracts with in the previous seven days. Any ones they have lost or if the contracts have been completed are also updated.”_

_Bingo and double bingo._

_“How do you do that?”_

_“Access to the client list comes up at four a.m. on Saturday morning and stays while I do the update then it closes at four fifty.”_

_“Well done Amy.  I want you to understand this lesson.  I really don’t give a shit what goes on but I had to prove my point. Do you understand that?”_

_“Yes Mistress.”_

_“Then now you will get your reward.”_

_For the next half hour Tatianna worked the spread-eagled girl from one climax to another.  Using just her fingers, tongue and a six inch hard rubber dildo she had Amy switching between panting, begging and screaming in ecstasy.  Finally with the helpless little pixie right on the edge of another orgasm she pushed the dildo all the way in and held it there while her thumb worked on the swollen clitoris.  Her lips sucked in Amy’s hard left nipple until she could nip it between her teeth and her left hand pinched the right nipple._

_A few seconds later shudders racked the girl’s body, her head went back and she screamed; then fainted._

_She woke up a few hours later comfortably tucked in her bed, unrestrained in any way, and with a feeling of being totally satisfied._

_29.11.09_

_o0o_

_story continues in [**Tatianna's Task! Part 4: Closing the Trap**](tatiannas_task4.html)

o0o
