---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/cindy.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Cindy, Lovedoll
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- Solo-F
- M/f
- sexdoll
- discovery
- surprise
- bond
- wrap
- latex
- catsuit
- toys
- boxed
- objectify
- stored
- put-away
- used
- oral
- anal
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2003-09-05 00:00:00
---

### **Chapter One: The Surprise**

Having been away on a business trip for the past week, which happily I’d managed to finish up things much earlier than I had expected, finance meetings can get boring very quickly, my plan was to give my wonderful man an extra special, unexpected gift with me dressed in some new drop-dead gorgeous lingerie that I’d purchased while away on my trip, and of course accompanied by many hours in bed while he played with my body, and I with his.

My flight brought me home at about midday, so I knew that I had plenty of time to get my little surprise ready. I have my own key to his apartment, and while we do live together most of the time, I still maintain my own home, for no other reason than if I need a break or he goes away, plus I have more wardrobe space that way. After the taxi dropped me at his apartment, I let myself in. I found that it was very quiet in his place. I guessed that with everyone at work at that time of day, there were no neighbours home to make any noise.

Once inside the apartment, I hid my luggage in the hallway closet after removing the few items that I needed for my little surprise, and then I headed to the bathroom to start running a bath and get myself ready for his return. I’d planned to be suitably sultry & sexy, dressed in my new lingerie, with my make-up and hair done, looking like one of those glamorous models you find in magazines. After starting the water running for the bath, I began to walk around the apartment to get everything ready, putting champagne to chill in the refrigerator, plus a box of chocolates that I’d bought from my trip, very expensive Belgium ones, I looked forward to trying those.

As I continued wandering around the apartment I finally ended up in his bedroom, where I was going to change the bed sheets for some super sexy nice deep red satin ones that I’d picked up before my trip, as I loved the feel of them on my skin, and they’d go well with the new lingerie. Currently, the room was very dark with the curtains very effective in cutting off the daylight from outside, useful for those times when you have a hangover. Reaching around I found the light switch and turned it on, as my eyes adjusted to the light I saw lying on top of the bed something that resembled a female body.

Getting over the initial shock at my discovery, I walked closer to the bed thinking that my lover had been seeing someone else secretly whilst I was away, but as I got closer I could not see any movement from whoever was lying there, then as I stood next to the bed I saw that this body was not another woman – but that of a doll, but by the look of things not only just a doll but one of those inflatable type sex dolls.

The doll lay there with its legs wide exposing “her” sex, and its mouth formed into an “O” shape. At first, I don’t know if I was shocked or amused at finding this little discovery, but oddly I thought that “she” looked roughly the same size and shape as me. I’m small at 4’8”, petite with average breasts, with my body on the smaller side, my hair reddish-brown, except down below which is always kept shaved clean, as I love the feel of it and the heightened sensuality. I could immediately see a resemblance between “her” & me, and I wondered if that was why he had chosen this particular doll.

Fascinated by the doll, I examined “her” body, my eyes casting down to its sex, and then I wondered if she’d been used by him during the night, maybe he had fantasised that it was me. In my mind, I had visions of my boyfriend using “her” & a pang of jealousy wheeled up within me towards this lifeless object. I quickly returned to the bathroom to turn off the bath and decided to go back into the bedroom for another look at “her”.

As I examined the doll in closer detail, the face was more detailed than the flat painted features that I’d seen other dolls beforehand, though I’d only briefly seen those ones as they were passed around. But I began to have these wicked, sexy thoughts of him using me the same as he had used “her”, what if I was in “her” place, how would it feel, would he even realise? Then an idea came to me, I could maybe replace “her” to be used by him, but how could I achieve this?

I left the bedroom again with my mind racing with wickedly delicious thoughts of what could be happening later on. Returning back to the bathroom I undressed, my mind still exploring the possibilities of how I could be in “her” place when he returned. I looked across at the full-length mirror in the bathroom. I was pleased with my own body, okay so my height wasn’t average, but I’d never had a problem with guys and dates, maybe they felt protective towards me due to my small size, and I sometimes found my smaller stature an advantage.

I shook myself from my reverie and climbed into the bath. Relaxing in its luxurious warmth, the water lapping over my tummy and up to my breasts felt really nice, while my hands began exploring, running down over my body from my sensitive breasts down to my tummy and onto my little mound. The smooth area around my sweet pussy felt soft, the silky outer skin parting as my fingers probed within their pliant folds, gently moving my fingers around until I found my little pleasure button, upon touching this, it immediately sent delightful little shivers throughout my body, the tingling electricity from rubbing my fingers against the little nub bringing waves of pleasure from deep within me. I relaxed deeper into the water, dreaming of my boyfriend making love to me, the pleasure building within me until I reached a delicious climax, with each aching throbbing contraction in my belly, much needed after being away for the past few days.

As my mind drifted as I lay there afterwards relaxing, my thoughts began to return to how I was going to surprise him tonight, with my original plan of him finding me dressed in my new lingerie now put on hold for another night. I found that the more that I thought about it, the more that I wanted to be that doll, and to find out what it felt like to be used by him as nothing more than just his doll, what would the experience feel like, and would the sex be enjoyable? Of course, it also filled my yearning to be submissive to him, give myself to him, a single-minded need to be taken charge of and revel in being like putty in his hands, melting as he touched me.

Thinking further about being nothing more than his sex toy to be used, to fulfil his needs over my own increasingly fitted in well with my desire to submit myself to him. Not that I wanted to be his slave, as such, though that idea had been in several of my fevered fantasies while my fingers and toys brought greater heights of delight, it was more that I felt really comfortable in our relationship to allow my inner submissive side to be explored. The more that I thought about it, the more I seemed to have started to develop this desire within me to be “her”, it felt like the ultimate submission, an object to be used.

Quickly I finished my bath before I started to play with myself again, I had other plans now that I needed to accomplish. Cleaning up behind me so that he would not know that I had been there, I then walked back into the bedroom to ponder over my problem. “She” was laying there as before, eyes open looking up at the ceiling, “her” body unmoving, “her” mouth still rounded into an “O”, seeing this, there were several thoughts that dashed into my head of him using my mouth and other places for his own pleasure. My body began to react to these visions, a frisson deep within me, I again found myself becoming aroused at these wicked thoughts.

Picking the doll up off the bed to examine “her”, I thought of “her” as another body and I was quickly surprised at the weight, I had thought that being inflatable she wouldn’t weigh anything, being filled with air. But “she” was well made as dolls go I guessed and looked expensive and not a cheap plastic inflatable doll, I’d seen a couple of these during college that were brought out during parties, much to the embarrassment of some poor slob whose doll it was or was being set up for. Everyone would remorselessly tease him over the next few weeks until the joke wore thin.

Upon turning the doll over & looking at “her” back an idea flashed into my mind of a way of becoming the doll, I could possibly cut an opening up the back & climb inside of “her”, and then become “her”. But first I placed the doll back down upon the bed and then I laid down beside it to check if it was really the same size as me, I even climbed on top and then held it on top of me, which felt kind of sexy, in a weird way, I could see him enjoying seeing me and the doll like this, sort of like a girl-on-girl fantasy. Finally, I was quite sure that it could work; now all I needed was something to cut “her” with, so climbing off of the bed I searched for something to cut the doll with.

I found a sharp pair of scissors in the kitchen and returned to the bedroom, then sitting down on the bed I pulled the doll across my lap and placed my hands on “her” back, trying to decide where to start cutting. I pulled the plug to let the air out and deflated “her” until the doll was flat. Grabbing the scissors, I pierced the doll in the lower back, it felt as though I was stabbing someone real, a rival for my man’s affections. I began cutting upwards towards the head trying to keep the cut as straight as I could, and as I reached the base of the neck, I thought again about how I was going to climb inside. The head would be a problem, visions of loose latex skin giving the game away; then the idea of using tape to seal the opening came to me, we had purchased some duct tape recently for some bondage we’d done before my trip. That would be perfect.

Grabbing the scissors I continued cutting the back of the head until I thought I could fit within there, I tested it by placing it down over my face and after a bit of squeezing & pushing my head popped into place. I could not see, my eyes were covered by the latex as was my nose, I took it off and made small holes so I could see and be able to breathe. I then thought about the other holes needed and after looking inside the doll decided to cut these openings too. First, the back of the mouth, just in case I needed to breathe this way, also to taste him as he used me here, then onto “her” sex, this definitely had to go as I loved the feel of him filling me without having a false condom between us, that I would definitely not give up.

Then I came across the other tube that made up “her” rectum, to be polite! Should I or shouldn’t I, it was hard to decide as I’d never before had sex back there before, sure I’d been asked, but I had always declined fearing the pain or just not having any interest in that area, I’d always considered that an exit, not an entrance like the other opening between my legs. I decided not to cut here yet; though I figured that I would have to push the tube into me so as not to give myself away should he use this part of the doll.

I found the tape inside the wardrobe left over from our last adventure into bondage, where he’d bound and gagged me using the tape. The doll’s body was now deflated and cut open at the rear, it lay there resembling a crime scene. I expected to see the chalk outline around “her” body. Quickly rushing into the bathroom for a last-minute pit-stop and then I applied some talcum powder over my body, I had read about this in one of his magazines about people wearing latex making it much easier to put on, he said that it was leftover from an old girlfriend of his that was into that stuff, but I had my doubts judging by the guilty look that he had.

Once ready, I moved back into the bedroom and picked up the doll; I sat on the edge of the bed and placed my foot inside of the doll. The latex felt cool and clammy against my skin, I pushed my foot down into the leg opening until it reached near the foot part. It was a bit tighter than I’d thought it would be, but I was determined to carry on. I bunched up the leg of the doll and pulled it over my foot until it popped into place, the doll's foot was indeed the same size as mine.

I then placed my other foot down into the other leg and pushed it home until it too popped into place within the latex confines. It felt good, the latex closed in around my legs and feet just like a second skin. Now I had to slide it over my hips and bottom, I thought that this would be hard; all women think that their bottoms are too big, its just part of the female psyche. Maybe it was the cut up the back or not, but it slipped easily over my hips, and up onto my waist, again the latex clung to my skin. It was beginning to feel deliciously warm and cosy within its grasp.

My hands and arms were next, placing my left hand within the doll's arm I pushed downwards whilst holding its shoulder with my other hand, it slid down into the glove without too much trouble and again seemed to pop into place. I looked over the arm at the latex covering me. It seemed to adapt to my body shape, and close in onto my skin. I continued with my right hand until my other arm was also covered in the latex. Whether it was the tight feel of the latex or the thought of what would be happening later, I began to get very turned on, a warm tingly sensation ran throughout my body, my sex felt as though it were on fire and I had to stop myself from playing with it to douse the flames.

Now I stood covered from my chest down to my toes in latex, the doll's head hung limply at the front; I reached down between my legs and pushed the remaining part of the doll's sex within me, just an inch or two within me just to look the part. Then I began to reach around behind me, my mind split into two on whether I wanted this part to happen, summoning up my courage I pushed the tube into my rear, it slid within me fairly easily which came as a great shock to me, and I wondered if he’d use me there. Now all that was left to do was to place my head inside the doll, and I would be nearly ready.

I looked down at the head and made sure that the holes for my nose and mouth would be sufficient for me to breathe through, also that the small opening in the eyes would allow me to see him. Satisfied I grabbed hold of both sides of the head with my latex-coated hands and pulled it over my face, up over the top of my head until it had popped into place, a few minor adjustments, lining up the hole and placing the mouthpiece within me and I was done; covered head to toe in the latex doll. Now for the tape to seal me within “her”.

Picking up the tape & scissors, I cut several strips from the roll, as I would be unable to handle more than a short length of tape at a time. I had to return to the bathroom to use the mirror to place the tape correctly. I started at the top and sealed the back of my neck down to between my shoulders first. I tried to make it as tight as possible so as to look realistic; it wasn’t easy at first, but I soon managed to achieve the desired effect. Working my way downwards the hardest part was my mid-back area, which was difficult to reach, but after spending some time struggling, I managed to close this area.

When finished I looked at my latex-coated body in the mirror, my mouth now forming the familiar “O” shape that the doll had beforehand, my new synthetic skin gleaming in the light, tight and smooth against my ‘inner’ skin, with not a blemish or wrinkle to be seen. Now looking back at me in the reflection was the doll standing there, she looked just like I’d seen her in the bedroom, her eyes staring back at me, I’d actually become “her” or had she become me.

I ran my hands over my new flesh, the sensations I felt seemed more extreme than before, heightened to a new level, as my hands touched the opening in the doll for my hidden inner womanhood, the intensity of my fingers stroking down there were much more powerful, leading to my second orgasm of the day, so far, as my body shuddered and my legs felt weak. I had to sit on the edge of the bath to recover. After a few minutes, I stood up and returned to the bedroom, satisfied with the job I’d done to convert myself into this plaything, every move of my body seemed to play on my skin, my body was now much more sensitive to touch.

It was now getting closer to the time when he’d be returning home from work, so I had to get myself into place ready for his return if I wanted him to think that I was his doll. “She” had been lying there with one leg on the bed and one off over the side. I tried to replicate this position, but after a short while my leg started to ache so I decided that I would chance that he would not remember how he’d left “her” that morning. He would not be expecting me home for a couple of days yet, so I doubted if he would put “her” away just yet, and make use of the features of the doll. I rearranged myself on the bed into a more comfortable position and spread my legs as far as the dolls had been. Laying there on my back just trying to stay still was hard at first, but I started to doze and my body just seemed to relax, just before I fell asleep.

Whether it was my orgasm (or two) or the trip, but I had fallen into such a deep sleep that I didn’t hear him return home, I had been dreaming about being used sexually by several people whilst dressed as this doll when I was disturbed by him sitting down on the bed. I opened my eyes startled at being woken so fast from a deep sleep, I very nearly let out a cry but remembered in time to stifle it. It was dark inside the bedroom, and I could just see an outline in the corner of my vision, I knew that I could not move my head, otherwise, I would give myself away. I lay there as still as possible, trying to slow down my breathing as I wanted to give no indication that I was here or that the doll was indeed ALIVE!

I really enjoy bondage, being tied and helpless, and this to me seemed to be another form of self-imposed bondage, just laying here not daring to move, not wishing to move, it was as though my limbs, indeed my entire body was tied down to the bed, fixed solidly to the mattress, more so than by just mere rope would have done. But as it turned out, I needed to have worried on my part as he had been out drinking with his workmates and had returned home late, while not drunk and incapable, his senses were slightly impaired I guessed.

He climbed into bed, my heart thumping with excitement and my pussy becoming warm & wet at the thought of him using me. He lay there next to me for a while before I felt his hands move, he seemed to be playing with himself, and I had visions of him just masturbating himself before going to sleep and not using his doll. But just before I began to move, he rolled over in my direction & quickly climbed on top of me. He did not seem to notice that his inflatable doll was now a solid living object, and I felt him slip inside my own, now very well-lubricated love hole.

He then began to pump himself inside me, I resisted all urges to place my arms and legs around him, as I would normally do during lovemaking, I wanted to be his sexdoll, just used for his lustful pleasures. There was no need for foreplay, why would a doll need that, this was just pure sexual gratification on his part, a quick fuck, something that he could enjoy without the need to satisfy the other person, with no guilt at finishing himself before his partner in the sexual act.

I could feel him inside of me as he pumped himself within my sex, this felt really good, and then his penis began to swell and grow within me, and I knew that it would not be long before his climax. I began to relish the prospect of his seed splashing deeply within me, but to my surprise and amazement as he came I also came too, I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life at that point, my whole body seemed to go into spasm. He continued pumping into me until his own climax subsided and then he lay there on top of me resting as I continued with mine, then he climbed off of me and rolled over to go to sleep without another thought of me or the doll.

I was in bliss; was this exactly how I’d imagined it would be like, well partially, I had really just expected the sex to be a one-sided affair on his part, I was a doll to be used by him for his needs after all, but having my own unexpected orgasm was the icing on the cake. Contented that my plans had come about, I had been used by him as his sex doll, I lay there revelling in my warm afterglow, not daring to move a muscle as I did not want the feelings that I was having to subside too quickly. I closed my eyes, relaxed and drifted off back into a deep sleep.

#### **Discovery**

It wasn’t until morning that I awoke, I was startled by him moving in the bed, he was sitting up with his feet on the floor ready to get up when I accidentally made a sound, he was startled and quickly turned his head in my direction and looked at his sex doll. I don’t know what thoughts went through his mind at that point, but he quickly jumped off the bed, turned and shook his head in disbelief. I couldn’t help but smile inside of the doll skin and tried to remain still, but as he looked closer, he could see my chest moving as I breathed. Then, wickedly I moved my head in his direction and watched as he jumped backwards, nearly tripping over his clothes on the floor.

With a confused look on his face, he approached the bed again, not sure what was happening with his sex toy, and as he got closer to where the doll lay on the bed, I reached up with my latex-coated arms to pull him towards me, wrestling him down onto the bed so that he was now lying on his back with me above him, sitting on his chest so that he couldn’t move, he was all mine now. In shock, I think he just lay there wondering what was going on.

Satisfied with my capture, I moved my head down over his body and was soon fully enjoying the taste of his manhood within my mouth. He started to react to my playing with his penis, soon it was again hard, and I had this irresistible urge to taste his cum, and nothing would stop me from achieving this goal. It seemed to be my only thought; he tried to sit up, but I pushed him back down on the bed, and he didn’t talk or attempt to say anything. Eventually, I felt him swell within my mouth and his hands reached down and held me on either side of my head as his fluids gushed within my mouth, I had to quickly swallow every drop, trying to breathe as he pushed himself deeper and squirted down the back of my throat. It just seemed to be the thing I most craved and was disappointed when he stopped.

Contented with myself that I had pleased him, and quenched some of my own inner desires, I laid beside him with my latex-coated arms encircled about his body. He seemed hesitant to talk, maybe he thought that he was dreaming that his sex doll had suddenly sprung to life, maybe he was afraid it would end, that this was all a dream. It wasn’t until I spoke that he seemed to realise that the doll was actually me.

“Good morning, darling, surprised?” I said.

He stuttered at first, then asked me why?

I then told him about my plans to return early and surprise him by finding me in his bed clad only in sheer lingerie, and my wicked plans for his seduction but then finding this doll lying on his bed. How I’d then thought of this unique way of surprising him and asked if he’d liked it.

He began by sitting up, and as he did so I rolled onto my back for him to examine me. He ran his hands over my latex-coated body exploring my breasts, his hands running over my tummy, gently circling the area between my legs but not lingering there, much to my frustration. Looking at me lying there, he asked me why again?

“Well, after finding the doll I wanted to see for myself how it would feel to be used by you as just a sex toy, I don’t know just what motivated me to do this other than seeing “her” on the bed, the thoughts had just flashed into my head”, I replied, “Do you like what you see?”

He then asked me to roll over to show him how I’d got inside the doll, this turned out to be an evil trick on his part, for as I rolled over to lay on my front, he quickly climbed on top of me and said that as I was now his sex doll, that I was his to use how he pleased and that I should experience all the pleasures of its anatomy and features.

I could feel his erection prodding against my latex-coated bottom, he pushed me down into the bed and pressed his now erect member against my rear hole. What with my saliva still clinging to the outside of his penis lubricating it or whatever, but he slipped inside me easily and began using me for his delight whilst holding me down tightly against the mattress, his weight holding me in place.

Not that I wanted to move or resist, somehow this just felt right, and I wondered why I hadn’t done this before. But now I was beginning to enjoy this, every movement of his body against mine seemed to send flashes of pleasure through me. I was now fully his to use for his own pleasure, and when he came within my rear I felt not only joy but also experienced a wave of contentment rush through me, It hadn't been all that bad, really. I'd enjoyed it and he had felt good inside me.

As we lay there, I did not want him to pull out, I wanted to remain connected for as long as possible but I suppose that all good moments must end; and he pulled himself out of me, leaving me with an empty feeling, and got off the bed. He was unsure what my reaction would be to this event, as we had never discussed him using me back there and this was the first time for us both. For myself I could not move nor did I want to, I was in heaven, and I had thoroughly enjoyed being used as his sex toy.

He got off the bed as I lay there just dreaming, not fully focused, he left me there as he went off into the kitchen to prepare breakfast, while I drifted into my dream-like state, while away he’d called work to say that he would not be in today. He returned carrying a tray with breakfast and coffee for us both, I rolled over, and he asked me if I wanted any help in getting out of the latex. I declined his offer and said that I’d like to stay inside the doll for a while longer, maybe for some more fun too, if he wanted to.

After he fed me breakfast, we lay around on the bed talking about various things, including my trip, but the conversation soon drifted back to the doll and me. I said that as I’d destroyed his doll, that I would replace it for him. He said, literally!

I laughed and nodded in agreement and said that anytime he felt the need to use his sex doll that he should tell me and I would indulge his request. I continued by saying that I’d loved the feel of the latex on my skin and being used by him too. He said that he was beginning to get that urge right now. So I rolled onto my back telling him to use me, and laid there as he climbed back on top of me, entering me and using me for his pleasure.

#### **Special Services**

During the next two weeks, if I wasn’t already staying at his place, he’d call me on the phone at work and ask me to come over and perform my little special service for him. Each time I heard him ask me, my heart would go into palpitations, and I could feel the dampness building between my legs, aroused at the thought of being his sex doll again. I could say that I was beginning to get addicted to this, and every time we made love, I always seemed to place myself within the doll either physically or mentally when we were just making love normally. The first time that he tried to seal me inside the doll, he had some trouble with the tape. He said that there must be an easier way than this, maybe he had two thumbs but taking the time I’d never had a problem but he said that he’d look into it.

At the weekend we decided I would spend all day Sunday as the doll. I couldn’t be there on Saturday due to other commitments so was pleasantly surprised when I arrived late Saturday evening to find that he’d put a zip fastener in the rear opening, no tape was now needed. As I eagerly climbed back into the doll, I found that my limbs slipped much easier into the latex, maybe due to practice or the doll adjusting to my size, but it fitted me much better than before. Once I was fully encased, he reached behind me and pulled the zipper closed, and it wasn’t until he reached the back of my neck that I heard the click of a lock. I was secured within the doll now until he decided to release me, he showed me the key and said that he’d also had the lock installed along with the zip.

It felt delicious being in his control, I again was his love toy to use as he saw fit, for his own pleasure. I was now totally enclosed within the doll until such time as he wished to release me. I was pushed back onto the bed by him, and he quickly followed me down. It wasn’t long before he was pushing his solid member deep within me, the sensations building up within me to fever pitch. We both managed to climax at the same time, mine seemed to go on forever, he’d stopped moving and laid there on top of me as my orgasm continued. Finally, it subsided and we both drifted off into sleep; sometime later during the night he woke and again used me for his own pleasure, it was sheer bliss.

I remained enclosed within the doll all day Sunday, most of the time lying on the bed unmoving, I felt as though I was tied down to the bed, somehow glued in place, but in reality, I just didn’t want to move and break the spell that I was under. He would come in every so often to check on me and sometimes even use me whilst I just lay there. It wasn’t until very late in the afternoon that I finally moved off the bed. I found him in front of his computer surfing porno sites, he said that he was looking for some ideas to use on me, and we sat there together looking at the images. I suggested we look over at some latex sites, seeing that’s what I was wearing they may have something more suitable there.

We’d been through several sites, and I’d mention the ones that interested me, some of the ladies were totally bound head to toe, some wrapped but all clearly enjoying themselves. I was getting incredibly turned on at this point and slipped off of my chair and down onto the floor on my knees. I made my way under the table to his lap, undoing his bathrobe. I slipped my hands around his limp member, moving them up & down to bring some life back into it. This was shortly followed by my mouth gently running my tongue around his now stiffening rod, I could taste our sex mingled together on his penis. He moaned in pleasure as my warm mouth engulfed him, he continued to look at the screen while my mouth and tongue did their magic on him, his hands eventually dropped down and held my head in place, as he spurted his cum deep into my throat.

Afterwards, he said that his penis was starting to get sore from all this attention and that he would have to put me out of the way for a while until he recovered. He disappeared into the kitchen and held something behind his back when he returned. He asked me to stand, and I did so not quite sure of what was to come next, though happy to obey him, he reassured me that I would enjoy this. He walked behind me, and I heard the distinctive ripping of plastic film off of a roll as he started to encircle me, enclosing me within its grasp. He continued until I was covered from neck to feet in its clear grip, he left and returned from the kitchen with more plastic wrap, and he continued until I had three layers of film around my body. He asked me how I felt.

I couldn’t answer straight away but said, "...excellent."

Now he started to wrap around my head, making sure that I could breathe through my nose, he continued until my entire head was covered with just a small hole under my nose to breathe through. I was wrapped tightly and could not move a muscle. He bent down in front of me and placed me over his shoulder, carrying me into the bedroom and dropped me down onto the bed. He pulled my wrapped body up into the middle of the bed and then got some rope out of the bottom of the bedroom cupboard. I was then secured by him to the bed, not only was I now enclosed in the latex doll, but wrapped very tightly within the plastic wrap and tied down to the bed, unable to move a muscle. He left me there saying, “Enjoy yourself.”

It was much later in the evening that he came in to release me from my bondage; but only just removing the ropes binding me to the bed, leaving me still wrapped, he rolled me over and placed a couple of pillows under my hips raising my rear and making me available to him, again he used me for his pleasure taking me from behind. He seemed to fill me more than before, I suppose due to my current bondage, but my own all-engulfing orgasm, when it came, was a shuddering mass of ecstasy that seemed to run through every part of my being.

I seemed to be growing more into being the latex doll the longer I remained within it, my mind seemed to be taken over and changed by being the doll, but I was definitely enjoying the experience much, much more. I wondered if the doll was becoming me, like I had become her, the doll taking control of me and driving my desires. I stayed the rest of the night within the doll and was used by him early the next morning before he’d finally let me out.

I knew then that things had changed, that this was a new beginning, a whole new side of myself to explore...
