---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/karen_natalie_captured.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Karen & Natalie Captured
authors:
- sexykaren
tags:
- n/a
---

\*
It was one of those days when nothing was seeming to come together.
The reason was plain when I stopped to think about it. I was horny as hell
and I just wasn't getting any satisfaction. I got on the phone to my girlfriend
Natalie. We both share a love of exhibiting ourselves and I felt a plan
hatching that could just solve my problems.

We had been playing around with some bondage equipment and I thought
we could use it to some advantage, so when she arrived, we loaded it into
my car and drove out to the country, to a small wooded area we had found
close to an old abandoned mine and log cabin. We had stumbled on to this
place when we were looking for a secluded spot to play some games and were
almost discovered by a gang of teenage boys. They apparently had also found
the mine and were using it and the cabin for some kind of gang headquarters.
We had discovered that some of them would be there almost every day during
the week and for longer at weekends.

When we arrived, we were able to drive most of the way in and then hide
the car. There was no-one there yet, so we set up our pulley system over
a large tree branch in a clearing just off to the side of the area, close
to the path the boys would use to get to their new place. I quickly changed
into clothes I had chosen specially for the occasion; not perhaps so appropriate
for hiking in the country, but perfect for what I had in mind. I wore long
black pants, zippered the full length of each side and a matching top,
also zippered from the waist under each arm and down the inside of the
arm to the cuffs. Under these I had a black sequinned bra, without shoulder
straps, and a matching black g-string, with side snaps. I also had a black
garter belt with black sheer stockings and silver high heeled sandals.
I looked damn good.

My name is Karen and I am 25 years old, 5'10" tall with blonde hair
and green eyes. I work out a real lot to ensure my body stays in good shape
and my measurements are 35,23,34. As it was now well into summer, I had
a good tan and I think I looked my best.

The way the pulley system worked was just to tie the whole system on
to a thick branch. Two ropes then led from the ground, over the pulley
and down to each end of a wide wooden bar, to which were attached a wide
padded strap, also at either end. Also attached to each end of the bar
were two other bars joined in the center in the form of a cross (X) with
another bar identical to the top one at the bottom. Two ropes similarly
were attached to either end of this bar and led back over the pulley, so
there were four ropes which could be used to change the height and angle
of the rig. Natalie helped me fasten my wrists into the top straps and
my ankles into the lower straps as soon as we heard the noise of someone
approaching. She also pinned a note to my belt, left a small backpack to
the side on the ground and hid.
The note said the following: 
My name is Karen and I have been a bad girl. 
My master invites anyone who wishes, to use me in whatever way they
wish. 
He will return at 9:00 pm this day to retrieve his slave. 
(it was now about 2:00pm).

I was tied helpless to the wooden rig, the lower part of which was standing
on the ground and the top part was suspended by its two ropes which were
tied to the tree. You can imagine my heart was beating out of my chest
as the first person walking by stopped and saw me. He was a young boy about
14. He was accompanied by two others perhaps a little older. They looked
at me as if they couldn't believe their eyes, then one of the older boys
walked over and asked me why I was there.
I asked him to release me, that there had been a big mistake and I
shouldn't be there, but he saw the note and read it. He said he didn't
think he should release me and the other boys seemed to agree.

They stepped back to discuss what they should do and looked me up and
down. Then one of the boys spotted the backpack and opened it. It was filled
with dildos, vibrators and sex-toys of every kind. This was Natalie's little
joke which I had not known about. If the boys were unsure of what they
should do before they opened the backpack, they seemed sure now.

One of the boys reached to pull my top up and found the zip. He unzipped
both sides and pulled the top free. He did the same with the pants. I was
now in just my black underwear and my pussy was dripping, I was so hot.
Another of the boys reached behind and unsnapped my bra, pulling it free
as my breasts were released. They took turns examining them and playing
with my nipples which were standing up like pencil erasers. Finally one
of them found the snaps on my g-string and undid them.
I was now naked with my legs spread. They looked at my pussy and touched
it very carefully as though it may bite. It was then that four more boys
arrived. Two were younger than those already present, one about the same
age and one perhaps sixteen. They stopped to tell the newcomers what had
happened and prety soon all of them were groping my body.

The eldest boy then stopped them, noticing the ropes leading from the
foot of the rig. He ordered them to lift it, which they did until my feet
were level with their faces. They released the head so that I was perfectly
level and tied all the ropes securely. I was now hanging horizontally at
about 5 feet from the ground. The elder boy brought all of the others close
to my pussy and stuck his finger in. He told them how I must be enjoying
it because I was so wet. I told him I wasn't and to let me free, but he
put another finger in and I just groaned. He used both fingers to open
my pussy so they could see into it and one of them pulled out a small flashlight
to shine in.

They were all clamoring to get a better view as he slid the flashlight
all the way in. I just seemed to suck it in I was so hot. By now there
was no denying I was enjoying it, although I tried to keep up the pretence
of demanding to be released. Someone brought over the bag of toys. They
pulled everything out of it and laid them on the ground. One of the boys
took two plastic clothes pins and applied them to my nipples as another
one grabbed a large chrome vibrator. As he moved it in his hand he inadvertently
switched it on and almost dropped it in surprise. He showed it to the older
boy who took it and replaced the flashlight with it. He had to hold it
in because my pussy was so wet, it kept pushing it out, so they found a
larger one, a big black cock with veins and the works, which they stuck
in me after removing the other one. The older boy tried to put the chrome
one in my asshole, but it was too big.

Someone thought they should let me down lower, so they did and the older
boy pulled his pants down and exposed his cock. It was only small but it
sure looked hard. He moved up against me and removed the black dildo. My
pussy was really opened by now and he put his cock in me. The other boys
looked in amazement, but one-by-one, they took their pants off. The older
boy was now holding his cock so the head just touched the inside of my
pussy and was pumping it with his hand, showing the others what to do.
They all soon got the hang of it and all seven of them were around me jerking
off. I told one of the younger ones to put it in my mouth, but he just
pulled a face.

Pretty soon they were starting to come. The older boy came all over
my pussy and the others came on me wherever they were. The boy I had tried
to get in my mouth came all over my face, which I licked away. He watched
as I did this and finally offered his cock to my mouth. I greedily sucked
at him and in no time he was hard again and came in my mouth.
He shouted for the others to look and suddenly I had six more cocks
to suck.

Just then another six boys arrived. They were older, perhaps seventeen
or eighteen. They moved the younger boys aside and examined me. One of
them dropped to his knees and looked into my pussy, opening it up with
both hands. He showed them all my hot little clit and flicked it with his
finger. I went nuts when he did that and he told them to watch while he
grabbed the black dildo and told me to relax my ass or I would be sorry.
He pushed it into my pussy to wet it, then pushed it up my ass. Then, pumping
it in and out of my ass, he started to lick my clit. I was moaning and
thrashing about, as much as I could considering I was tied up. He was really
doing a number on my clit. He told another to get vibrators and use them
on my nipples, which they did. I felt the orgasm building and as it hit,
I screamed so hard, the younger boys got scared. He moved up and got his
cock out to fuck me.

I couldn't wait. It was a nice cock, not huge, but long enough and very
wide. He showed the younger boys how to do it and soon was pumping into
me for all he was worth. He came quick, but I was already sensitive and
so did I. He wanted to see one of them fuck me in the pussy as another
was fucking me in the ass, but we couldn't with the rig at that level.
So he moved it so one could lie under me, giving him access to my ass,
while another would fuck me from the front, on his knees. It was tough
for the lower one to get his cock up my ass, but once in, it stiffened
beautifully and he was soon fucking my ass for all he was worth. Another
one came around the front and started fucking my pussy. We all came together
in a frenzy. I was just about out of it by now, but so far gone that I
noticed Natalie peering through the bushes at us. Unfortunately, so did
one of the boys and they pounced on her and dragged her out of the bushes.
Although she was screaming for them to stop, they stripped her before my
eyes, found some rope and tied her spread-eagle to a tree.

Natalie is shorter than me, but a little heavier, with big beautiful
breasts. She is brunette, very pretty with a neatly trimmed pussy, unlike
mine which is shaved smooth. The boys decided that I could use some rest
so they concentrated on Natalie, groping her tits and fingering her pussy.
The boy with the flashlight got under her pussy with the light and shouted
for all the others to come see. Now, Natalie has the biggest clit I have
ever seen. When she gets aroused, it is like a little cock, erecting and
protruding from its hood. You can even grasp it between your thumb and
forefinger and jerk it like a cock. They obviously noticed this big difference
between us and pretty soon they were poking and prodding it. I shouted
that they should try using it like a cock and so one of the boys got hold
of it as I said and started jerking it off. Natalie was going nuts. When
she finally came, she ejaculated all over his hand, just like a cock.

They let her calm down and one of the boys thought it would be cool
to see us together, so first they found some sticks about the size of baseball
bats and told us that if we tried to escape, they would beat us with the
sticks. By now there were maybe fifteen boys - too many to run from. They
took us into the clearing and told us to play with each other, which we
did. We ended up in a 69 with all the boys closely, and I mean closely,
perhaps six inches away, watching us lick each other's pussy. We were starting
to get into it when one of the boys came back with a big double headed
dildo, which had been in the backpack, and told us to use it. We Switched
around until we were facing each other, sitting on the grass with our legs
spread and the boy fed an end into each of us. They tied one of each of
our legs together, then pulled them as far apart as we could stand with
rope, and tied our hands behind our backs. We had to lean back on our elbows
while the boys pumped the double dong into one pussy then the other.

At the same time another boy used vibrators on our clits and still another
pumped dildos into our asses. We were both in a hell of a mess. We couldn't
even think straight, we were just living from orgasm to orgasm and our
little game had gotten way out of control. Two boys put their cocks in
our mouths and the rest were jerking off over us. When they finally stopped
making us come, we could hardly speak. They told us they were almost done
with us but they wanted us to piss on each other. Without untying us, they
helped me to stand over Natalie still with out legs tied spread-apart and
told me to piss. I told them I couldn't so one of them swatted me across
the ass with a stick, then another until I was getting a spanking. I finally
told them to stop and let go a stream of urine all over Natalie's tits.
They told me not to stop and grabbed my pussy, moving the stream around
to direct it on her pussy, then on her face. They told her to open her
mouth and diverted it into her mouth.

Finally I had no more left and had to stop. They repeated this with
Natalie pissing on me, my pussy, my tits, my face and into my mouth. When
she finished, they all stood around us and jerked off again, cum hitting
us everywhere. After they had all come, they all pissed on us. We were
a mess.
They untied our legs, leaving our arms tied and marched us through
the trees until we came to a river. It was muddy and they made us roll
in the mud until we were covered from head to foot in black, smelly mud.
Then they gave us a dildo each and after untying our arms, made us
make each other come once more, with mud all over and up our pussies. They
took hand fulls of mud and squeezed it up our pussies and over our tits.
When they had finally had enough, they took us to a clean stream to clean-up.
One of the older boys warned us about reporting the incident, because they
had found my car and had my address from the registration.

They produced a number of photographs they had taken without our seeing
of us 69ing and many of the other depraved things we did, threatening to
make them public - something neither of us could recover from. They also
told us they may be in touch with us if they had need of our services again.
We made our way back to the car, naked and exhausted. After a hot bath
and a good night's sleep we both felt much better and thought that it really
could have been worse.
That was when I got the phone call from one of the older boys............

e-mail: sexykaren@hotmail.com
