---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Horse Riding Discipline 3: Initiation'
authors:
- Mister B
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- naked
- collar
- leash
- bond
- bdsm
- crop
- punish
- hum
- mast
- climax
- cons/reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Horse Riding Discipline 2: A Brave Girl**](horseridingdiscipline2.html))

**Part 3: Initiation**

I do not know how long I sat like this. But after a while I seem to awake from some kind of trance. I get up, stretch my legs and wriggle my arms. Strangely enough it seems as if I came to peace with my bonds and this helpless state I am in

Suddenly the door to the living room opens. "Come to me", Joan says softly.

With a strange air of assurance I walk towards my instructor and stop just before her. I look up in her eyes but as always get defeated by that stare. I look down and sideways. Joan attaches another leash to the front of my collar and silently pulls me into the living room. I feel no urge to resist and follow her obediently. She grabs my shoulders gently and turns me around.

"Sit on your knees", she says softly again.

I do so and discover that Joan sits behind me on some kind of couch. I am sitting between her legs with my back towards her. It feels as if I am coming to my destiny and in a reflex I lean back touching her legs with my shoulders. Joan pulls my head back and firmly holds my chin. Her other hand reaches across my chest and holds my upper arm. Her arm is brushing against my breasts which causes me to flinch a bit.

"Tell me", says Joan, "why do you need punishment?"

Then the strangest thing happens to me, normally I am not so talkative. But know the words start to flow and I tell her everything about all the bad things I have done. My manipulation of friends and boys. All my cheating all my thoughts of hatred and jealousy.

When I stop Joan says, "Indeed you need punishment".

She stands up and pulls me a bit forward on my knees. Then she pushes my head down sideways on the floor. I see how the leash is pulled back, my ankles are crossed and I feel how the leash is wrapped around them and secured in some way. My body starts shaking and I realise how vulnerable I am know and how embarrassingly my behind is sticking up.

Then Joan stands beside me with one foot on my hair and the beating starts. She hits my soft ass and legs with her riding crop hard from the very first stroke. I cry and wriggle and beg but the beating continues. Then she turns to the soles of my feet and the pain becomes even more intense. There is no way I can do anything to avoid the strokes. I am pinned down by my hair. My hands are tied high on my back and useless to fend of the blows.

Suddenly she stops hitting me. I continue crying and shaking.

A cool hand touches my burning ass and then to my surprise travels down between my legs and examines my sex. To my embarrassing surprise I hear a sopping sound and a soft moan escapes my lips.

"Can you explain this?" Joan asks softly.

I feel so embarrassed and manage to only utter a soft apology.

Red faced I hear Joan say. "I can explain it".

And while she softly continues to stimulate me she tells me everything about submissiveness and masochism. When I hear all this it all falls into place and a wonderful feeling of being at the right place and with the right understanding person, enters my mind. I climax intensely and moan loudly.

Quickly Joan unties me and takes me in her arms. I cry and bury my head in her soft bosom. Joan holds me tight and strokes my hair. While I lay like this I realise something else. I look up and say. "I came to you because I want to obey you and because I love you…."



08.03.14

story continues in [**Horse Riding Discipline 4: Suffering**](horseridingdiscipline4.html)

o0o
