---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Turn
authors:
- Graybeard
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2004-02-01 00:00:00
---

**My Turn**
by Graybeard
My Turn by Graybeard

**Day-1**

 I don’t know what I sensed first, the voice or the vibration.
The voice was computer generated and female and kept repeating “wake up
slave” over and over and it seemed very loud but that may have been my
headache. What really got my attention was the vibration in my pants, or
at least I thought it was my pants. When I finally pried my eyes open I
discovered that I had no pants. In fact I had no cloths at all accept for
what I instantly recognized as a chastity belt.

 The belt was like nothing I had ever seen, and I had seen everything
there was to see on the net. As I looked at the belt I noticed my body
and the modifications that had been made. I had TITS. Small tits, but when
you never had any tits, small tits look massive and felt sore but not as
sore as my huge nipples and that pain was probably due to my new nipple
rings. I had no body hair, anywhere arms, face, hell even my head was bald.
The only hair on my whole body was my eye lashes and eye brows and they
had been trimmed. And as I was looking for hair I found more rings. I had
one ring in each ear lobe and one hanging from the center of my nose. We’re
not talking the small rings that women wear; oh no we’re talking ¾
inch diameter, 3/32 thick inch their not coming off without tools rings
with ¼ inch balls and the same size were in my nipples.

 As I sat there in semi-shock the unending vibration brought me
back to the chastity belt covering my crotch. It looked to be made of stainless
steel and went all the way around my waist just above my hip bone and was
about 4 inches wide at the sides and back. It had a layer of hard rubber
between the metal and the skin with a heavy movable ring on both sides
and in the back. The belt was secured by a single round high security lock
like the ones found on vending machines at the very center in the back.
At the front of the belt there was a bulge that tapered from about 6 inches
to about 2 inches wide and transitioned from a bulge to what seemed to
be a flattened tube that curved under my crotch and entered and was anchored
in my anus. My testicles were pushed up under the skin at the front and
seemed to be held there by the inside of the belt. My penis was pulled
down through the tube and somehow anchored to the end of the tube close
to my anus. By feeling the vibration in my anus, penis and my fingers I
surmised that the source of the vibration was coming from the end of the
tube. The belt was not at all uncomfortable and with the vibrator on in
truth felt very nice, but it was very clear that without the key it wasn’t
coming off.

 I was sitting on a piece of ¾ inch thick black foam rubber
about 2 feet wide by 4 feet long with my back against the wall. I stood
up and observed that I was in a square room about 10 feet by 10 feet with
an 8 foot ceiling. All 4 walls are covered with mirrors, the ceiling was
black and the floor was black and felt like concrete. To my right in the
same corner as the wall that I was leaning against was a clear enclosure
with a toilet and a sink in it. Directly in front of me was a stack of
doors that were about 2 feet wide by 1 foot high and went from floor to
ceiling. The doors appeared to be made of stainless steel and were recessed
with no handles or exposed edges. A chain made of ¼ in thick links
extended from the ceiling to half way to the floor and had a 3 inch diameter
by 1/2 inch thick ring at its bottom. Directly below the chain was a corresponding
ring attached into the concrete floor. In each corner there was a recessed
spot light that was pointed at the center of the room that is covered by
a 1/2 inch steel mesh screen. There were 3 inch rings in each corner
 on the floor and the ceiling, as well as one at the mid point
between them on the floor, ceiling and corners with the exception of the
mid points on the ceiling in front of me there were doors. To the right
and left of me the rings had been replaced with what looked like large
quick release clips like the ones used on the jib of a sail boat.

The voice was still repeating “wake up slave”, and had finally anoied
me to the point that I finally shouted (SHUT UP) and to my surprise it
did. But only for about what I think was 5 min, then it (the voice) began
to give me instructions and ask me questions.

Voice- You will listen to and follow all instruction promptly. Failure
to comply will result in punishment.
 When you are asked a question you will answer promptly and honestly.
Failure to comply will result in punishment.
 Do you understand?

Me- yes

Voice- Do you know where you are?
Me\_ no

Voice- Do you know why you are here?
Me- no

Voice- Are you a cold blooded bastard?
Me- no

Voice- you were told that to not answer honesty will result in punishment.
Let the punishment fit the crime.

 With those words the vibration in the chastity belt stopped and
the temperature of the room began to drop. In just a short time I could
see my breath and the temperature seemed to continue to fall. After what
seemed like forever, but was probably only 5 minuets, I was shaking faster
than the vibrator and knew that I would do just about anything to get warm
the voice returned.

Voice- Have you been enlightened?
Me- yes

Voice- What are you?
Me- A cold blooded bastard

Voice- Do you agree that you are under my control?
Me- yes

Voice- You will comply with my wishes?
Me- I have no choice.

Voice- I hope you will remember that!
Me- I hope so too

 The temperature in the room returned to normal

Voice- Do you have any questions?
Me- yes, why am I here?

Voice- because I desire it.
Me- why?

Voice- silence
Me- then I scream WHY AM I HERE, and the voice begain repeating.

Voice- “you are a slave”.

**Day-2**
 It was the silence that woke me on the second day. The voice
that had been repeating all night “you are a slave” had stopped. Actually
I was only assuming that it was a new day because the lights had never
turned off and my sense if time was gone. As I sat up (not as easy as it
had been without the belt) and realized that I was hungry. As I stood up
the voice started again.

Voice- what are you?
 Before I realized that I was saying it I said
Me- “I am a slave”

Voice- why are you here?

 I thought for only a moment and said
Me- because you desire it

Voice- Very good slave. There may be hope for you, if you survive.

Voice- Do you have any questions?
Me- yes, can I have something to eat and drink?

Voice- you have used the toilet facilities and the cup at the sink?
Me- yes

Voice- drink water
Me- and may I have something to eat?

 And with that the second door from the bottom slowly opened and
a tray with an apple, a banana and a slim fast slid out.

Voice- breakfast of champions
Me- thanks

 I ate the banana, drank the slim fast and tossed the apple on
the bed.

Voice- now you must do something for me
Me- I thought that might be the case

 The second tray and door closed and the third one opened. It contained
a stainless steel collar with a D ring on both sides, front and back, a
lock, and a key. The collar matched the construction of the belt, as did
the lock. The key looked strange, too big maybe.

Voice- put on the collar and use the key to install the lock, it faces
to the front. Turn the key until you hear a click.

 I put on the collar, but hesitated with the lock. The more I hesitated
the more I didn’t want to lock that collar. BIG MISTAKE!

Voice- Failure to comply will result in punishment.

 At the same time the voice finished a terrible pain erupted in
my lower torso. It felt like I must have had an alien in there trying to
get out. Everything from my balls to my ass hole was on fire and getting
worse. I screamed, I begged, and I cried, and finally it stopped.

Voice- that was punishment level two

Voice- what are you?
Me- “I am a slave”

Voice- why are you here?
Me- because you desire it

Voice- lock the collar

 I did as I was told and tightened the key until it clicked. I
then tried to loosen it, it just free wheeled and I knew I was stuck.

Voice- Did I tell you to try to remove the lock?
Me- no

Voice- no what
Me- no ma’am

Voice- Failure to comply will result in punishment. This is punishment
level 3

 I screamed until I was hoarse and on the verge of passing out
and pissed myself.

 For the next hour or so I listened as the voice repeated

Voice- “a slave must follow directions”

 Pain is a funny thing. There I was on the floor lying in a pool
of my own piss and all I could think of was that I never wanted that to
happen again! As I moved and opened my eyes the bottom door opened and
the tray slid out. All it contained was a 3 inch by 6 inch sponge. I didn’t
need to be told to know what to do.
 After finishing the cleanup and returning the sponge to the tray,
I sat on the bed and asked if I could take a shower.

Voice- first these
 The fourth door opened and the tray slid out with two stainless
steel cuffs and a key in it. The cuffs were made with a rubber layer next
to the skin like the collar and the belt. The metal appeared to be 1/8
of an inch thick. They were formed to the same shape as my wrists. They
had a ring on the inside and out, with the same type lock as the collar.
The ring located on the inside of the wrist was through a pin that was
attached to the cuff with a swivel. The ring on the outside was D shaped
and was hinged so that it moved along the line of the arm. I pushed a threaded
pin through a matching hole and installed the lock with the key until it
clicked. I make sure that I did not turn the key backwards, then placed
it back in the tray. The tray slid in and the door closed.

Voice- that’s a good slave, you may shower now.

 My shower was interesting. door 5 opened and gave me a dish towel
to dry with and a scrung pad to wash with. I got soap in the shower from
an in the wall liquid soap dispenser. The cuffs and the belt were a real
pain in the ass to wash around but at least I had the luxury of time. After
I finished I replaced the scrung pad and towel, ate my apple seeds and
all, and asked if I could go to bed.

Voice- you may

**Day-3**
Brainwashing, it took a while for it to sink in but that’s what the
wake up messages were. This morning it was “I will obey my mistress”. I
got up, the voice stopped, and I asked for breakfast. Before I asked I
knew it would cost me. I thought it would be ankle cuffs and I wasn’t far
off.

Voice- there is a price
Me- yes mistress I know

 Door three opened and the tray sled out to reveal high heel boots
and ankle cuffs and the key. The cuffs, of course, matched the set accept
that they only had the swivel rings and were large enough to rotate on
my ankle. The boots were leather mid-calf booties that had a locking hasp
that went around the arch of the foot. The arch strap seemed redundant
to me but I didn’t have the balls to mention it. They had a zipper on the
inside that locked at the top with a small lock it a hasp (more redundancy).
I put on the shoes, then the ankle cuffs, and returned the key.

Me- May I have breakfast now

Voice- say please
Me- please

Voice- say please mistress
Me- please mistress

Voice- stand up

 I stood up

Voice- head down

 I bowed my head ( hay, I was hungry)

Voice- walk to the wall and back

 I walked to the wall and back (not so easy in 3 inch heals)

Voice- walk to the wall and back but this time swing your ass

 I walked to the wall and back and swung my ass. The voice laughed
hysterically for 5 minuets as door 2 opened and the tray delivered my two
course breakfast consisting of a package of dry crackers and a slim fast.
I was not amused. I started to sit down and the voice slowed her laughter.

Voice- oh no no, you will stand until I say otherwise slave, you need
to get used to your new shoes. And if you’re not totally stupid you will
practice you walk. You will be tested later and that walk needs a lot of
work.(laughter returns).
Me- yes mistress

 I ate my breakfast and walked until I was limping on both feet
before my mistress allowed me stop.

Voice- stop in front of the doors slave
Me- yes mistress

 As I stopped, door 5 opened and delivered 4 chains and 5 locks.
The chains were 12 inches long with 1 inch links ¼ inch thick and
had a 2 inch ring on both ends. The locks were medium brass master locks
with ¼ inch hasps. The locks were open and there was no key. I took
the chains and locks from the tray and the door closed

Voice- you may sit

 I backed up and sat on the bed

Voice- Follow my instruction exactly. Failure to comply will result
in punishment. 
Voice- using a lock, attach a ring on the end of a chain to the D ring
of your right wrist.
Voice- using a lock, attach a ring on the end of a chain to the D ring
of your left wrist.
Voice- using a lock, attach a ring on the end of a chain to the ring
of your right ankle.
Voice- using a lock, attach a ring on the end of a chain to the ring
of your left ankle.
Voice- using a lock, attach the loose ring on the end of the chain
on your right ankle to the loose ring on the end of the chain on your left
ankle.

 I finished and sat there, hoping that I had understood what she
wanted.

Voice- slave
Me- yes mistress

Voice- is that what I commanded you to do?
Me- I believe so mistress

Voice- don’t you wish to please?
Me- yes mistress

Voice- good, resume your walk
Me- yes mistress

Voice- oh, and slave
Me- yes mistress

Voice- don’t forget to swing your ass
Me- yes mistress

 She only made me walk long enough for the limp to return then
had me stop in front of the doors again.

Voice- do you still want to please me?
Me- yes mistress

 Door three opened and the tray contained a gag, three more open
master locks, and a hood. The hood was a lace up type with a built in locking
collar and had a snap-on blindfold. But was the gag that caught my attention.
It was a penis gag, and a gag with a 1 ½ inch by3 inches long penis
it will do just that. As I looked at it I realized that I had hesitated.

Voice- PUT IT ON
Voice- TIGHTLY
Voice- AND LOCK IT
Me- yes mistress

 I put the gag into my mouth as far as I could and put the hasp
through the slot in the strap

Voice- TIGHTER

 I pulled it one more notch tighter and started to retch, then
regained control and locked a lock in the hasp before I could back out.

Voice- lock the center ring of your ankle cuffs to the ring on the floor.

 I complied

Voice- remove the blindfold from the hood and put the hood on TIGHTLY,
then lock it.

 I complied but not without more gagging

Voice- lock the rings on the loose end of your wrist cuff chains to
the big ring at the end of the chain hanging from the ceiling

 I complied

Voice- snap the blindfold back on and hold your arms in front of you.

 I compiled and heard the distant sound of a motor. I felt the
weight of the chain being taken by the hoist. After what seemed like minutes
but was more likely seconds, most of my weight was hanging from the chain.
After a short pause I was lifted again to where the heels of my boots were
off the floor. After another short pause the moment of real fear came when
I left the floor and continued to rise. How far would she go. How much
would it hurt, would she pull my arms off, would I die. Then, just as I
felt the tension of the bottom chain the motor stoped.

Voice- well slave, it’s time to meet your mistress.

 Just as she finished speaking I heard two loud popping sounds
in front of me and felt cool air all over the front of my now heavily sweating
body. At that time the long forgotten chastity belt vibrator began again
and I felt the touch of a gloved hand on my chest. then very close to my
left ear heard the words “it’s punishment time”, and felt the first stroke
of the lash on my right thigh. I lost count of the strokes around twenty,
but was consoled by the fact that it was a small whip. It had to be a small
whip because a big whip would take longer for the next stroke. She hit
me fast and for a long time never hitting the same place twice and never
letting me know where the next one was going to strike. Somewhere into
the early stages of the whipping the vibration in the belt changed. It
began to pulsate in a rhythm and with an electrical intensity from the
front of the belt to the back along my penis. The frequency of the vibration
started low, but as the whipping progressed the frequency began to rise
as did my desire to cum. As if she knew it was happening my mistress began
whipping me more quickly until I was actually bucking as much as possible
while stretched out by the chains until, screaming into my gag, I had the
most mind blowing orgasm of my life.

 By the time I returned to earth I was kneeling on the floor with
my hand in front of me and my mistress was removing my hood. As it came
off she stepped back and allowed me to look at her while she took my picture.
All men at some time dream of being dominated by a 6 feet 2 inch Viking
princess with large breasts and long flowing blond hair, but this wasn’t
her. My mistress was about 5 feet 4 inches tall with short red hair that
was cut above her ears and what I would call A cup breasts. What she was
to me was the most ravishing woman that I had ever seen as I knelt there
with that penis gag in my mouth. As she moved forward and knelt in front
of me I looked into her green eyes. I noted the vast number of freckles
in her face, and the I noticed that she had a nose ring that looked exactly
like mine. She pulled the gag out of my mouth and  before I had a
chance to close it she kissed me with a passion that almost matched my
orgasm. At the end of the extremely long and  aggressive kiss she
removed the locks connecting my chains and I noticed that her large nipples
had rings just like mine. After she finished with the locks she stood up
and held my head, forcing my mouth against a chastity belt much like mine
and said kiss, which I gladly did. My wife then took my hand, helped me
up and said “MY TURN”

By Graybeard
