---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Cage
authors:
- Crisium
tags:
- Sbf
- cage
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-09-18 00:00:00
---

I was recently house sitting for some neighbors who have a large chocolate
labrador retriever.  Their dog sleeps in a large metal kennel (cage) that
is about 4 feet by 2.5 feet by 2.5 feet.  I realized that the cage would be
the ideal prison for an all-night-long self-bondage session.  I was
immediately aroused by the thought of being trapped, bound, in the cage, all
night, unable to stretch my legs or turn over.  While Hershey (the dog) was
occupied with eating, I crawled into his cage and closed the door.  It was
surprisingly roomy, with plenty of space to turn around, kneel, or lie on my
side.
That very evening I went and purchased my own cage.  I got one that was
slightly smaller than the one my neighbors had.  Hershey's was simply too
big.  I placed the cage in my garage, but had to wait for the weekend to
arrive before I could try it out.  All week, I planned my adventure and
made preparations.
During the week I had decided that I would use a combination lock as the release
mechanism.  At night, in my garage, it is too dark to read the numbers on
the dial.  Once I was locked in after dark, I would have to wait until the morning light allowed me to see and open the lock.
Most of my self-bondage sessions are 1-2 hours long, though I have done a few
sessions tied to the bed overnight.  This time, I wanted to be trapped for
at least 12 hours.  That would require beginning my adventure before it got
dark.  I knew I did not have the discipline to wait in the cage until
darkness fell, so I decided to use a hood to prevent myself from seeing the
lock.  The keys to release the hood would be dropped by melting ice, and
would not fall until after dark.
On Friday evening, after work, my self-bondage adventure began.  I attached
the keys to my restraints to the end of a string that would reach from the
ceiling to floor.  I tied the string to a beam on the ceiling directly
above the cage.  During the week, I cut the top from a two liter bottle,
filled the bottom 1/3 with water, and froze it. When my adventure began, I
removed the ice from the bottle and dropped it into the toe of a pair of my old
pantyhose.  I threaded the pantyhose through the key ring and tied them off
to nail on another beam at the side of the garage.  The keys were suspended
well out of reach.  Once the ice melted, the ring would slip off the end of
the pantyhose and the keys would swing down against the side of the cage. 
For safety, I froze identical keys in a gallon milk container and tied the
string to one of the bars of the cage.  The gallon container would be just
outside the cage, but until nearly the full gallon melted, I could not retrieve
the keys.  The gallon container would take 10 hours to melt, the smaller
ice block would only take 4-5 hours.
The bottom of the cage was covered by a thick plastic liner.  I placed a
thin piece of foam, covered in an old sheet, over the plastic. Since I was
planning to be in the cage until sunrise, I wanted to limit my discomfort from
kneeling or laying on the hard plastic.  I stripped naked and placed my
favorite (and only) collar around my neck.  It was my very first bondage
toy; a leather-lined stainless steel collar from JT Toys.  I have worn it
in every self-bondage session since.  I locked it on with a small brass
padlock.  I placed leather cuffs on my wrists and secured them with
padlocks as well.
I had never worn my leather chastity belt for more than a few hours. I was
worried that the butt plug would be too much for 12 hours, so I selected a
smaller than average plug.  I lubricated the dildo and butt plug and
inserted them slowly.  I tightened the belt and used two brass padlocks to
secure it.
I decided, on a whim, to wear a pair of 4-inch stiletto heels.  I  love
to do self-bondage scenarios where I am required to stand in these heels for an
hour or two while waiting for release.  I can barely stand in them, let
alone walk.  I thought the heels would add an interesting nuisance in the
confined space.  I wrapped a pair of  leather
shoe cuffs around my ankles.  These cuffs have a small leather strap that
passes under the arch of my shoes to prevent me from taking  them
off.  I attached the cuffs together with a short metal chain and secured
them with padlocks.  The collar, chastity belt and shoes were not coming
off until I got out of the cage.
I sat outside the cage for a few minutes looking over my preparations.  Convinced
that I was going to be safe, I began.  I strapped a small, soft ball gag in
my mouth.  I love the feeling of a gag, however, I had never had one in for
more than a few hours.  My favorite gag has a hard rubber ball which would
be too much for an all night session.  I bought this gag a few months ago,
and I was saving it for my next long term bondage.  I pulled the leather
hood over my head.  The hood is very restrictive, with only a slit below
the nose.  I tightened the three straps that hold the hood in place, one
across my forehead, one just below my nose, and one below my chin.  I took a padlock and secured
the bottom strap.  The hood would not come off until the keys fell, and I
could not see the combination lock until the hood came off.
I got down on all fours and crawled, backwards, into the cage.  It was a
challenge to get over the lip under the door since my legs were bound by a short
chain.  I had never been this nervous; my stomach was churning.  I was
kneeling in the cage facing the door.  I closed the door, slid the latch,
and secured it with the combination lock.  I was now a prisoner in the cage
until morning.  But I still had one last step to complete my bondage. 
To make the escape more challenging, I wanted to chain my wrist cuffs together
behind my back.  I easily connected the chain to my right cuff when both
wrists were free.  I then threaded the padlock into the end of the chain,
and tried to use my right hand to thread it through the D-ring on the cuff on my
left wrist.  Since the chain was so short, the lock kept pulling out of my
right hand.  After about 20 tries, I got the padlock threaded through both,
and squeezed it shut.  I was sweating and breathing hard due to the effort,
but it was worth it.  I was laying on my side, in a 2.5x2x3 foot cage,
wearing 4 inch stiletto heels with my ankles bound, wrists bound behind my back,
wearing a chastity belt with butt plug and dildo, collar, hood and gag.  I
took a few minutes to savor the feeling.  I was totally trapped, with no
escape until morning.
I lay still for a while enjoying the building excitement.  I tried to reach
around with my hands to bring myself to orgasm, but I couldn't reach.  The
dildo in the chastity belt is usually more irritating than exciting, but right
now I wanted to climax.  I breathed slowly through my nose.  I knew
that I must be patient.  It was going to be hours before the keys would
fall and I could remove the wrist cuffs, hood, and gag.
I was too uncomfortable, and nervous, to fall fully asleep, however, I drifted
on the edge of consciousness.  Every now and then I awoke with a flinch. 
After a while, I realized that my right side, the side I was laying on, was
getting uncomfortable.  My right arm was starting to fall asleep, and my
shoulder and right leg were starting to ache. I decided to try to get to my
knees, stay there for a while to let the circulation return, and then fall onto
my left side.  However, in the cramped space of the cage, I had trouble
getting leverage to get up onto my knees.  I pulled my knees up to my
chest, as far as they would go.  Then I tried rocking to my left while
pushing with my hands on the side.  I hoped to eventually rock myself
upright.  However, every time I tried, my knees kept hitting the opposite
side of the cage and they kept me from getting up.
I decided, instead, to try getting on my back, with my knees above me. Since I
needed to roll onto my restrained arms, I was glad that I used leather cuffs
instead of handcuffs.  I love the feel of the cold steel, and the
restricted movement in handcuffs, but I find them to be too uncomfortable for
scenes that last more than an hour.  I was more successful with rolling
onto my back.  I pushed my knees off the wall and they came up above me. 
I rocked them to my left side, and used my hands to scoot my body to the other
side of the cage.  When I let my legs fall, I was on my left side, panting
around the gag, and hot from the exertion.  I lay still, breathing deeply
through my nose, and began to regret that I bought the small cage...
Again I drifted in and out of light sleep.  I was beginning to feel
cramped.  My legs had been bent nearly up to my chest since I started. I
really wanted to be able to stretch them out.  When I would try, my knees
would hit the side of the cage and my heels would hit the back wall.  At
best, I could push my head into the corner, and get a few extra inches of space. 
Once again, I shifted over to my other side. I had no idea how much time had
passed.  My jaw was beginning to ache from the gag, the butt plug and dildo
were irritating, and my face was sweaty from the hood.  I was sure at least
an hour had passed, probably two.
This time when I woke I was surprised by the feeling in my bladder. As usual, I
had urinated right before the session.  Since I usually pee right before
bedtime, I figured I should be able to hold until morning.  But now I had
the urge to go.  If I wet myself at this point, just a few hours into the
session, I would be very cold and miserable all night.  But it was becoming
clear that I was not going to be able to wait until morning; I just wanted to
delay the misery as long as I could.
With the feeling in my bladder, I could no longer drift in and out of sleep. 
The urge to pee was getting stronger, and I was beginning to cramp.  I
tried rotating back to my other side, but the pressure of having my legs above
me, pressing on my bladder, made me fall back. My legs were cramped, my right
side was aching.  I would have given anything to be able to stretch my legs
and use the bathroom.  I pushed my head further into the corner, but found
little relief for my legs. I started yanking my arms, trying to pull my wrists
out of their cuffs.  At the same time, I began kicking the back of the cage
out of frustration.  The butt plug was slipping into and out of my ass with
little lubrication left.  The dildo was rubbing me raw.  I was
beginning to panic and I was starting to cry.  How could I have done this? 
I had to get out.  I had to get my arms free and stretch my legs and pee. 
But the damn cage wouldn't give.  My pulling and kicking became more
frantic until, exhausted and panting around my gag and breathing hard through my
nose, I gave up.  I relaxed and let my bladder let go. I could feel the
warm urine trickling down my legs and soaking into the sheet and foam below me. 
It was then that the orgasm came on.  Until then, I hadn't been able to get
very aroused, but the release and the frustration pushed me over the edge.
I awoke shivering slightly from the cold.  The urine was evaporating, and
my whole right side was wet.  Even though the garage must have been 75-80
degrees, I was naked and cold.  This time, I had fallen into a deep sleep. 
Whenever I have an orgasm during a self-bondage episode, it takes the thrill and
fun out of the game.  I usually release myself right away.  But this
time, I was stuck.  I wondered if the keys had fallen while I was asleep. 
I had counted on hearing them fall to know when to try reaching for them. 
I stretched my fingers between the bars, searching for the string.  I found
the string for the safety and tugged on it.  It was clear that not much of
the milk jug had melted.  I kept searching with no success.  I thought
that either the keys were out of reach or the mechanism hung up.  I could
feel my frustration rising and panic again began to set in.  I did not want
to wear the hood and gag with my arms chained behind my back for another 6-8
hours cramped in this cage while the milk jug melted.  I again tried to
pull my arms from the cuffs and kicked the end of the cage.  But I calmed
myself.  I knew I just had to wait.  I shifted to my left side and
tried again to drift off for a while.
I lay there is a disconnected state.  I couldn't fall asleep and I just
concentrated on breathing and tried to ignore my discomfort.  I jumped when
I heard the keys smack loudly into the side of the cage. I had to roll onto my
other side to reach them.  I stretched my finger between the bars and found
the string.  I pulled the string and keys into the cage.  I fumbled
with the keys, trying each one in turn.  The chain was short, and it was a
challenge to get the key into the lock, but finally, I released my left wrist. 
I sat up slightly, euphoric with this small amount of success.  With my
arms free, I was able to sit up, although I was hunched over.  I removed
the hood and gag. Drool had covered the inside of the hood, and had dripped
around both sides of my face and around to the back.  My hair was wet from
sweat and drool.  My jaw and front teeth ached, but they were free.  I
desperately wanted something to drink, and regretted not putting a water bottle
or dish of water in the cage.  I removed the wrist cuffs and lay down on my
back and relaxed.  Now all I had to do was wait for sunrise.
Since my arms were not bound behind my back, I could lay flat.  My knees
were in the air and my feet on the bottom of the cage.  The heels caused my
legs to wobble back and forth, but I was able to lean them against the edge of the cage.  Lying on my back kept the butt plug in,
but my rear was sore.  The small butt plug just would not stay in.  I
tried to bring myself to orgasm, but the dildo made me uncomfortable and I was
in a fair bit of pain.  I was really sorry I didn't put the keys to the
chastity belt in with the keys to my hood and restraints.  Although still a
bit cold, I was able to fall fast asleep.
When I awoke, I had to pee again.  But now, I could see out the window that
the sky was light blue.  I was determined to hold it until I could get out. 
I desperately needed to stretch my painfully cramped legs.  Why did I think
this was a good idea?  I was not aroused right now, I was desperate to get
out.  The jug of milk looked fully  melted. 
Just to make sure my safety would have worked, I tried to pull the keys out. 
There was still a bit of ice frozen to the string, but it broke off as I pulled
them out and into the cage.  My safety was fine.
Finally, I could barely make out the numbers on the combination lock. I rolled
over so that I was again kneeling in the cage.  My legs were in agony. 
I had used this lock many times before and had the number memorized.  It
came open on the first try and I swung the door out.  I pushed my upper
body out the door and let my legs stretch.  It felt great.  I shimmied
out of the cage.  I tried to stand, but with my muscles cramped and the
stiletto heels, I ended up crawling to my bedroom.  There, I went into the
bathroom, turned on the bathroom tap, and gulped water right from the faucet. 
I used the remaining keys to remove my chastity belt, shoe cuffs and shoes. 
I took a long, hot bath with my legs stretched the length of the tub.  I
went to bed, fell sound asleep and woke later that afternoon.  I put the
cage in a corner of the garage and began planning my next self-bondage episode
in the cage.  Why do we do this to ourselves?
Crisium
