---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiesek/final_exams.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Final Exams
authors:
- Pleasewrap
tags:
- F/mf
- capture
- wrap
- rubber
- encase
- bond
- tease
- reluct
- X
date: 2006-05-02 00:00:00
---

The following is a work of erotic fiction that involves
bondage, mummification, and adult themes. If these subjects are bothersome to you, stop reading now.

As I tracked Diana's form making its way out of the
city, his mind flashed back to the words the General had spoken before the
beginning of the exam.

"You are about to be locked into the simulation chamber
you have all grown to both enjoy and despise.
There, you will match skills against your fellow classmates as you
attempt to gather the full cryptographic key necessary to unlock the door to
the chamber. Each of you will be
provided one portion of the key, which will be turned over to the individual
that manages to affect your capture."

I had been as surprised as his nineteen other classmates,
and now understood why the final exam for intelligence specialists was such a
closely guarded secret. Diana
would make the ninth key I'd captured personally and the twelfth in total
when the three I'd "inherited" from his captives were counted.

That was 60% of all the keys.
Diana was certain to have one or two at least, and I knew Astrid had
three two days ago. I smiled to
myself. Diana would have spent her
points on the more passive traps, spy networks, and some form of low power,
long range weapon. Astrid would
have also selected a strong spy network to alert her when the other classmates
wandered into their simulated view, but would have opted for more defensive
measures for her home base and close combat weapons.
Her martial arts skills were tops in the class.

I had started with a small network of simulated spies,
discreet but effective body armor that had saved me at least once, a mix of
short range stun pistols, contact weapons, and drugs.
That and a good alarm for my home base.
I grinned as I slid from bush to bush nearly silently on Diana's
trail, waiting for the right opportunity to make my move.
Back at my base, eleven classmates squirmed in the cocoons that would
restrain them for the remainder of the exercise.
With every capture, I'd invested most of the points he had won in
Serex sealing wrap. The special
plastic/rubber mix had originally been developed to protect cargo on military
vessels when performing combat maneuvers.
When the special resin was applied, the Serex strips would fuse
together as though originally applied that way and expand by approximately
200% of its original volume. With
multiple applications, even the most fragile of objects could be protected
from numerous high speed impacts.

I imagined Diana's shapely form as the robots that
handled the application of the Serex held her immobile and applied the strips
to her. Securing the captives to
this extent was a bit of overkill, but better to be safe than sorry.
If a captive ever escaped, the simulation computers would render all my
weapons, traps, and defences completely harmless to the escapee and reward
them with immediate points to put them back into the game.
I'd had actually been briefly captured by one of the members of the
'magnificent mafia' (five classmates who had banded together early in the
year and were now working together during finals).
Except that she was pretty much inept compared to the rest of the class
and hadn't selected restraints effectively, opting for more weapons and
equipment. I'd escaped in hours,
caught her, and then used the surprise of emerging from her base to capture
the rest of the five, who were foolishly close to one another.
Now they squirmed in my holding cell, able to see the body count there
grow while denied motion and speech.

Diana, though, would be his sweetest catch short of
Astrid. One of the three was
certain to graduate at the head of the class, and to help limit the risk of
damaging those positions, they'd agreed to a truce until one of the three of
them had acquired at least five of the keys to the simulation room door.
That had happened when he'd bagged the 'mafia' just under one week
ago. The remaining players were
all among the best in the class.

An amazingly subtle vibration notified him that the
simulation computer had sent him a message on his comm pad.
Diana slowed as she withdrew hers from a pocket.
Thomas stopped moving and did the same.
Astrid had apparently bagged another player - the count of keys
captured was up to seventeen. Either
that, or she'd been taken herself.

I imagined the fun of having both Astrid and Diana in his
power following the exams. Military
rules encouraged frequent and casual sex to prevent significant emotional
attachments, burn off stress, and increase camaraderie within the unit all at
the same time. Diana, Astrid, and
Thomas had frequently shared their intimate moments with each other, and more
than occasionally had "borrowed" for both the practice and the enjoyment.
It was definitely harder to escape when under someone's tender
ministrations.

My mind flashed again to Diana's shapely form swathed
in the Serex. Except now he'd
sufficient points banked that he could place zippers, sliders, or similar
openings to gain access to her small but perfect, firm breasts or other
critical areas. Astrid was taller,
and no less beautiful. He allowed
himself to picture the two of them side-by-side in the holding cell, captives
for two weeks following his victory - both an additional incentive to avoid
capture and reward for the winner.

Diana had resumed walking, though she randomly glanced
around for any threat. Once she
turned around rapidly enough that I was afraid I'd been spotted, but it
seemed not to be the case. Her
move had been rapid enough that her jacket had opened to reveal the stunner in
a shoulder holster - one sufficiently powerful to punch through my armor.
I'd have to time things carefully.

I followed for another hour - Diana had obviously
selected a home base well removed from the simulated city to keep her away
from the prying eyes of the other players and spy networks.
I'd been very lucky to be tipped off when she had made her way into
town for food.

I had closed to within fifty feet and was fingering one
of the gas grenades I carried - why risk having the stunner bounce off body
armor? - When a form fell out of the tree behind Diana in a fluid motion.
Astrid's tall, muscular, shape aimed a kick at her head on the way
down, but Diana had apparently spotted her.
She alertly dodged to the side, and her hand reached into her jacket
for the stunner. Astrid recovered
rapidly and pursued as soon as she'd regained her balance.
She changed her course the moment that Diana's stunner had come free
and swung towards her, heading into the brush for cover.
Diana's shot missed her by inches and then she was gone.
Her clothing apparently included active camouflage as she blended
nearly seamlessly into the foliage.

I pulled the grenade from my pocket and waited.
Diana wouldn't be foolish enough to step into the brush to follow and
find Astrid - that would hand Astrid the advantage.
Instead, she backed into the middle of the road and began scanning
around her carefully. With her
stunner at the ready, she began stepping down the road sideways to find the
security of her home base and whatever traps she'd laid there.
She made it perhaps ten steps.

The sound of a small stunner's emission couldn't be
missed, and it struck Diana full in the stomach.
Her concealed armor stopped the shot, but caused her to bend over in
response to the impact. Astrid was
on her like a big cat after her prey. Diana
managed to block the "knife" (a real blade wouldn't be allowed in the
simulator) in Astrid's hand, but this would be over momentarily either way.
I have twenty pounds on Astrid and much better than average martial
arts skills, but Astrid will kick my ass seven or eight times out of ten.
And Diana was nowhere near a match for me.
But I decided I would bring our adventures to a close.

The gas grenade turned out to be timed perfectly.
Astrid had just tripped Diana and was following her to the ground to
pin her and finish her off. My
grenade bounced into her descending chest and landed, almost unbelievably, on
Diana's stomach. Both women
seemed to freeze for a moment and then the grenade emitted a small "pop"
and filled the air around them with gas.

In seconds, the mild breeze had cleared the air and I
could see two beautiful forms lying in a heap on the ground.
I pulled out my stunner and a contact shocker just in case one had
managed to avoid the gas and went to examine them.
Both were out cold. My
comm. pad vibrated to indicate a message, and I began the process of selecting
their forms of imprisonment - their capture had been affected and I'd
shortly have the nineteenth and twentieth keys I'd need to open the
simulator door and claim victory. Their
names appeared in alphabetical order, so I specified the Serex mummification
with the sliders for Astrid first. Having
experimented with the materials in our pre-finals games, I knew I could have
appropriate access to whatever I wished by simply wrapping her upper body and
arms individually. The resin would
lock them together and allow a long, strong slider from her ankles to the
parts of interest for whatever play I chose to engage in with her.

The robots arrived as soon as I'd confirmed my
selections. The computer had
obviously learned my preferences to a "T" and had put the appropriate
assets in motion. I repeated the
process for Diana. As I confirmed
my selections, the world suddenly went dark.

My mind turned to the possibility that the computer had
processed the fact that I'd captured all the keys and shut down the
simulation, but a throbbing in my head indicated that something else had
happened. I'd been hit with a
stunner, which had effectively frozen the neurons controlling my higher brain
functions. I attempted to move,
but found that impossible. Something
held me fast. Something that was
both forgivingly soft but firmly grasping simultaneously.
I opened my eyes and found myself staring into a mirror that confirmed
my thoughts. The Serex I'd been
selecting for Diana had somehow found its way around my body instead.
It covered every inch of my body except for a small patch of my face
that contained my eyes and nose. Some
form of foam filled my mouth as a gag, which turned my curse of rage into a
muffled groan.

"Ahhhhh, he's awake.
Excellent."

Diana's shapely form stepped into view, a huge grin on
her face. She'd lost her jacket,
and her white shirt enhanced the shapeliness of her breasts that I lustily
wished I could reach right now. I
struggled mightily against the Serex with a growing erection as her hand
reached out to caress my face. While
Astrid and I were more frequent partners, I'd actually enjoyed Diana's
ministrations more. She was
somehow both more playful and more dominating at the same time.
Were we not in the military, our intimacy might have developed into
something of a more lasting nature.

"I'll bet you're wondering how exactly this came
about, aren't you," the impish smile indicated that she was dying to take
the chance to tell me regardless of my response.
I attempted to nod nevertheless, barely managing to bob my chin.
My head had to be secured to something since it would barely move up
and down. Diana produced a medical
cutter and began making a cut in the Serex just above my genitalia.
She explained as she carefully cut a line through the perfect grey
rubber that enclosed me.

"It's quite simple really.
I'll bet that you didn't even spend any of your selection time
looking through the 'passive' options that were listed at the bottom."

The careful and nearly perfectly straight cut complete
she produced what looked like a rubber tube.
I recognized it immediately as one of the more diabolical, frustrating,
and enjoyable toys that I'd ever had used upon me.
Made from a form of latex, it was dual layered and contained two air
chambers that could inflate independently.
One could act as a cock-ring to extend an erection's duration. The
other ran the entire length of the shaft and could pulse rapidly due to the
micro-pumps that could inflate or deflate it.
With the remote control, Diana could drive me positively crazy by
keeping me aroused for what seemed like forever without actually allowing me
release.

She looked up at me and grinned as she pulled my erect
manhood through the perfectly sized slit and applied the toy.

"Remember this, do you," she asked, then she returned
to explaining my predicament as she applied it expertly to me.
"You're more of an action guy, so I figured you'd be taking a
hunter approach. Me, I'm better
off letting someone else do my work for me than you.
So I bought the networks, traps, etc. to lay low.
I made two captures myself, but that wasn't my focus - survival
was."

The sheath applied properly, she repositioned my manhood
inside my cocoon and picked up a slide closure with Serex material
attachments. She applied the resin
liberally to the material, and began to carefully mate the closure to the slit
she'd cut.

"My four most expensive purchases were related to you
and Astrid. I figured that one of
the two of you would be the last one standing, particularly with our little
agreement."

I suddenly realized that I had only moments to try to
turn the slit she'd cut into freedom and began to struggle mightily against
the rubber that enfolded me, which really did nothing but get me more excited.
With every pull, ever tug, I could feel only a shifting of pressure
from the side I pulled upon to the opposite side of my body as the Serex
pulled, stretched ever so slightly, and then forced my limb back to where it
had started. Diana laughed as she
worked.

"So I bought a bit of treachery.
If you or Astrid captured me as the eighteenth or nineteenth catch of
the games, then the moment you completed selecting my restraints, the computer
would turn the tables on you for me. It
represented a companion spy trailing me to provide protection from the
enemy."

Diana's gentle pressure to apply the closure only
combined with the feeling of being bound to increase my state of excitement.
I continued my struggles, but it was futile and I was growing very,
very warm. As she finished her
work and stood again, I ceased my struggles.

"And my planning paid off brilliantly," she said
again, grinning from ear to ear. "The
two of you demonstrated amazing skills. I'll
bet that you even get valedictorian since you captured so many of our
classmates before falling yourself. You
might even challenge the scoring record for finals.

"Unfortunately, you'll have to find out while
you're my mummified, captive, sex toy to use or not as I see fit.
That treachery buy paid off in spades and I'll be the only one free
to move about for the next two weeks."

I struggled feebly again, and she giggled as she rubbed
my manhood firmly through the surrounding rubber.
"It'll be fun to see how surprised Astrid is, since she's
expecting you to greet her when she wakes up.
You know what, I'll even let you see her."

As I stopped
struggling, I noticed that for some reason the Serex was continuing to expand
and contract, seemingly at random spots around my body.
My question emerged as a series of grunts and moans, but Diana
apparently understood it perfectly. She
giggled that light, airy giggle of hers as she stepped out of my direct line
of vision. I followed her in the
mirror as she walked and continued to speak.

"Well, I
couldn't very well allow such good friends to be separated, now, could I?"

She turned back
to stare at me in the mirror as she put her hands on a large panel and began
to turn it around.

"We've worked
so closely together for so long; I just couldn't bear to play with only one
of you at a time."

The panel turned
out to be another mirror, and in it I could see a female form wrapped in Serex.
Except the head seemed to be wrapped strangely, almost as though it
grew upwards at the back of the head.

If I could have
slapped myself in the forehead, I would have.
The female form was Astrid. While
she's tall for a woman, I'm four inches taller.
We'd been wrapped back-to-back by Diana.
That was the reason I couldn't nod properly - I was pulling against
her as I did. As she was waking up
and starting to move, she pulled the rubber around me in response.
Diana would be able to play with both of us at once, even if she only
paid attention directly to one of us. The
firm yet gentle squeezing of the rubber would make sure of it.

She sauntered
back in my direction, walking over to the mirror in front of me and turning it
so that she could similarly surprise Astrid.

"So you see,
you silly boy. All the skill in
the world can't overcome superior planning and foresight.
I always warned you of that."

She walked back
to me and resumed running her hands over my body.

"Now you'll
just have to put up with whatever the computer does to ensure your health and
welfare while you're my toy for two weeks.
And if I chose to play with Astrid instead, you'll have to put up
with the subtle teasing that that represents.
I can use the one of you to drive the other crazy."

She drew her
hands away and reached into a pocket, withdrawing the remote control for the
sheath. It sprung to life, I
groaned, and my struggles merged with Astrid's to create incredibly
frustrating tension as the sheath applied and released pressure in a manner
programmed to excite me without allowing me release.

"Now if
you'll excuse me, I need to finish preparing Astrid.
We've two weeks of potential play time and I suspect I'll spend
most of it focused on the two of you since you were silly enough not to think
of how I'd managed to beat you."

As her beautiful
body moved out of view, I struggled against the soft, unyielding grip of the
rubber around me. While a portion
of me wished to escape immediately, a part of my libido seemed to complain
"Only for two weeks?"
