---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Handyman
authors:
- Guy le Bouc
tags:
- F-m
- anal
- insert
- mast
- analhook
- bond
- nipple
- gag
- queening-chair
- boots
- collar
- crop
- domme
- electro
- facesit
- latex
- cons
- XX
date: 2024-02-24 00:00:00
---

### Jenny's Tile Job

Jenny held the drape open as she looked out the upstairs window. Justin was running behind today. Lucky for her she was his last call and could afford a bit of overtime to serve out her project designs. She also kept thinking about something Linda and Becky had been discussing during their last nightcap. She brushed her straight shoulder length blond hair away from her cheek with one hand as twilight unfolded.

With dark red lipstick and her thin, black-framed glasses on, Jenny had a slim petite figure which looked more so by the shiny black skin-tight latex body suit that adorned her. It had a high collar up her neckline, every inch of her skin from there down covered to include her fingertips and toes. A zipper went from the front of her crotch up behind her arse and all the way up her back. Getting it closed up took a great deal of stretching and straining by herself. Her breasts were lifted and separated by the contours of the suit and a pair of knee-high patent leather stiletto boots completed her ensemble.

Being a sci-fi enthusiast, she got the inspiration for her outfit after watching ‘Devil Girl from Mars’ with her husband. The cold, strutting, powerful alien/woman struck a deep fetishistic chord with her and Jenny’s alter ego was born. She confessed her desire to be more dominant in the bedroom, due to her lacking control in her daily life. But her husband was lukewarm to the idea. After a few conversations, the best that was managed regarding her needs was that she could handcuff him in front, pinch his nipples, and lightly slap his balls while giving him a wank. Dirty talk was contained to things like, “Oh you naughty boy!” and “You depraved pervert!”

Her eyes were cold as she thought about the day prior. As a paralegal she was beholden to lewd barristers and lecherous solicitors, as well as their awful clients. Treated like a petty secretary, they would attempt to grope her petite physique and leer at her as she ferried documents around the offices, dropping things on the floor for her to retrieve as they took in her backside or cleavage. The partners at her firm were dismissive and she largely felt like eye-candy for their amusement. Her husband Lloyd was little help. Similar to Jenny regarding his physical build as he was a thin, slight man, they enjoyed many of the same interests. His position as an MP kept him very busy with meetings late into the evenings, sucking up to powerful and influential people. Jenny adored him but his work left him controlled by a mob and his personality became subservient to the will of his office and whims of the affluent. Lloyd was always suffering to say and do the right things to maintain his position. It all left Jenny feeling hopelessly repressed, thus her kink and need for acting out a second-self.

During Justin’s renovations to her home, a hidden crawlspace was discovered behind the closet wall, which Jenny immediately wanted disguised from her husband. Justin managed to quickly make a mounted shoe rack with a false back and hidden pocket hinges that allowed it to be swung open. Sensing something about Jenny’s desires and querying her on her need for a concealed compartment, Justin’s *special services* were divulged and talks about her *design* ideas began.

Her items fit neatly within the clandestine space, some of the apparatus disassembled for storage. Justin adeptly altered or made some of her bondage items to accommodate her small figure. She was a novice concerning femdom fourteen months prior, but once she had Justin on board with a few scenes and an area to store her alter ego’s kinky effects, she enthusiastically researched articles, read stories, and watched videos regarding the types of activities that fed her desires.

Today’s project would be particularly enthralling given the infuriating week she had: Lloyd was unavailable as he was drafting committee bills late into the evenings, her superiors’ flippant attitudes regarding sexual harassment by junior partners, and a pair of chauvinistic barristers degrading her work while copping a feel of her ass. She needed to excise some aggression and claim some dominant power for herself this evening.

---

Justin pulled up and exited his truck. Checking his watch, he glanced up to see Jenny waiting in the darkened second story window. She gave a foreboding smirk as she turned, allowing her nicely contoured latex clad ass to be viewed in full with riding crop in hand before she slowly withdrew from sight. Justin gave a deep sigh as an apprehension came over him. He could tell by her look, today’s project was going to be taxing.

“Sorry I’m late. I had to run to the hardware store to finish work for another client and there was an accident on the way back,” as he removed his boots. Jenny stared indignantly at him from the railing over the second story loft, softly tapping the crop against her calf. Justin swallowed hard and looked at the hall tree, noting a list set on it. He picked it up and scanned it carefully.

“…I’m assuming Ma’am, since it’s late, you don’t want me to start the tile in the basement?” already knowing the answer. He looked back at her, but she kept silent, continuing to slowly tap the crop against her calf as she glowered at him. “Billable hours will be more… given what’s on your list,” a worried unease in his voice. Her sinister silence continued as he looked up on her dark goddess-like figure. She made him start to sweat and feel anxious despite his physical toughness and masculine stature.

Her eyes remained fixed as she eventually answered in a brooding monotone, “…Do you have any concerns?”

“No …Mistress J.”

“…Watch word?”

“Triangles, Mistress J.”

“Very well slave. Prepare and be in my chamber in five minutes. You’re already late…” She withdrew from the railing and slowly stalked off. Everything was carefully scripted according to Justin’s contract, though she did get caught up in the moment from time to time. Justin looked at the list a second time as he gave a long exhale and set his tool bag down. She was the cat, he the canary.

He made his way to her bedroom and removed his clothes except for his gray boxer briefs. The mood of the house overall gave him a grim shudder as he peered around for any sign of her, his ears heightened for the sound of footsteps. A number of contents were arranged on the bed, a queening stool readied on the floor. Justin steadied his nerves as he got on his knees, head down with hands clasped behind his back. He kept his eyes shut as his ears strained through the darkness for some sound of his Mistress. Slow and catlike she entered the boudoir, eyeing Justin with the same dark smirk from the window.

Jenny, now Mistress J, didn’t despise Justin, not in the least. In fact, he was a consummate gentleman and professional regarding his services and role in Jenny’s fantasies. The first time they met, his tough but pleasant demeanor and rugged good looks aroused her as she directed his work around her estate.

Jenny mused that if she hadn’t met Lloyd first, she might have really gone for Justin. After her first taste of femdom with him, she exalted in being in control of such a man turned willing slave. The thrilling juxtaposition and titillation of her diminutive form commanding and controlling such a goliath in bondage sent her over the edge as she pleasured herself just thinking about his *special services* for her. But tonight, something was gnawing at her conscience regarding Linda’s comments to Becky the previous night... “What is this, you pathetic worm! I said to be ready in five minutes! Slaves are NOT to be clothed in the least!” She grabbed his hair from behind pulling his head back as he reflexively looked at her.

“I’m sorry mistress.”

“How dare you look at me you heathen!” *Smack!* She struck his left buttock hard with the crop as Justin quickly cast his eyes down. *SMACK!* She struck him again, harder.

He grimaced, “I’m sorry mistress.”

In a mocking tone, “Is that all you can say? *I’m sorry mistress?” SMACK!* The crop left a reddening mark. “Ugh! I have to do everything around here, eh!?” Mistress J stomped to the bed in her stiletto boots to retrieve a wide leather collar with a chrome o-ring in front and a pair of heavy rusted antique handcuffs. She again pulled Justin’s head back by his hair to place the collar on him before shoving it forward to lock it from behind with a small brass lock. She then reached down and roughly grabbed his hands, cuffing them behind his back and locking them with a large cylinder-shaped key. “Stand up!”

Justin quickly complied with a worried look on his face though he kept his eyes down. He knew she could get carried away sometimes, and given her mood this evening… Mistress J set the crop down and rummaged in her nightstand, finding a pair of scissors. She roughly grabbed the top of Justin’s underwear and quickly cut down one side and out the leg. Justin, shocked, kept his eyes down but clutched the back to keep them up as Mistress J repeated her actions down the other side. The fabric slowly slid from his front and dangled for a moment before Justin resignedly allowed them to drop to the floor.

Jenny loudly set down the scissors as she stepped back in front of her slave with a wry smile and furrowed brows. With a harsh tone she continued, “Humph. Look at that you little pervert. You can’t even get your pathetic little cock hard in front of your mistress, can you? Look how small and weak you are! Like you could ever satisfy anyone with that tiny excuse of a prick.”

Justin didn’t necessarily believe her, but her words and their delivery were all too effective nevertheless. He half-willed his member to flex or move but it refused in the least, resting just as flaccid as ever.

There was a prolonged pause as Mistress J studied him, “Oh! Are you trying to prove your mistress wrong? Come on then, look at my tits if it’ll help get your little man going… You’re pathetic. Here, do you want a hand?” Before Justin could reply, Mistress J grabbed the head of his cock with one hand and his balls with the other, stretching him in opposing directions at length before mockingly yo-yoing his cock back and forth for half a minute. “My God! Not getting hard at all are you? What a pathetic waste of my time! I guess I’ll just take it away then since it’s of no use to you.”

Justin dared a brief glimpse of her posterior as she turned to retrieve something. He felt four inches tall in her presence and now less inclined than ever to get hard, even though he wanted to just to show her he could. He cast his eyes back down as she brandished a device she’d been itching to try for weeks now. It was a silicone and chrome male chastity device with a detachable prostate stimulator. Jenny had found it online and emailed the description to Justin weeks ago; it resembled a futuristic fishhook. The front of it locked around his balls and shaft like any other chastity device and the other end fed into his anus. There was a remote allowing his mistress to administer vibrations, electric shocks, or both at the same time.

This being its first use for either of them, Jenny lubed the inside of the cage as she gingerly pulled and tucked her slave’s balls, then shaft into confinement before locking the clasp at the top. She kept her slave’s keys tethered to her wrist. Mistress J dropped her hard tone for a moment, “Is that ok? Is anything pinched?”

“No Mistress.”

She gave his balls a firm slap making Justin wince and grit his teeth, a clear sign that her inquiry into his care was over. She moved behind him with the bottle of lube and got on one knee. “Wider, and pull your hands up slave!” *SMACK!* The open hand slap to his glut made him hasten before he suddenly gasped and his knees went weak. Two fingers were firmly pushed through Justin’s balloon-knot as he instinctively flexed. *SMACK!* “Stop moving, you worthless toad!” *SMACK!*

“Oh, yes mistress…” in a small voice with eyes closed, his anus constricted and quivered around her latex-clad knuckles pushing in and out of him. Justin couldn’t help it as his dick suddenly activated and swelled with the sudden taboo intrusion. Mistress J stroked the p-spot bulb with lube and pushed it against him as Justin leaned forward slightly. She kept constant pressure as Justin made mingled noises of discomfort and unsettled pleasure before it seated. *SMACK!* “Oh you are a dirty little pervert eh? Only bitches take it in the ass, and I’m nobody’s bitch!” as she stood. “Get back on your knees, face on the floor.” As Justin did so he felt vibrations begin inside his anus as his dick became more engorged, the cage began to rock up and down. Mistress J watched him for a moment with a sneer before she walked to the bath to wash her hands.

“You filthy little slut. You’re enjoying yourself aren’t you!” *Zap!* Justin crunched into a tight ball as the vibration ceased and an electric shock traveled up his shaft, ruining the good but strange sensation. His cock relaxed and stopped throbbing. Her hand regained the crop. *SMACK!* His rump in the air, it was an obvious target as he flexed in reaction to the strike. “Time to start pleasing your Mistress.”

With that, the toe of her boot was thrust under his nose and Justin began licking her boot from the toes to the heel as Mistress J struck his buttocks every so often. “That’s right you worm, clean those boots.” *SMACK!* “Come now, you can work your tongue better than that! I want to feel it in my toes!” *ZAP! ZAP!* Mistress J administered some shocks to his prostate, making Justin curl his fingers and toes as his cock oddly reengaged within its cage. He squealed pitiably as his mistress laughed in sadistic glee. “Get on my other boot, NOW slave!” *ZAP!* *SMACK!* A cold sweat formed on his back as the combination of electric shocks and use of the crop was actually beginning to edge him on.

After several minutes, Mistress J concluded her boot cleaning and ordered her slave to crawl to the queening stool as she retrieved a nine-inch black rubber dildo-gag and a pair of short spreader bars. The distance was difficult to cover with his hands cuffed behind him and the unfamiliar intruder in his bum. She got an odd satisfaction watching him struggle, “Ugh! You’re slow, bitch!” *SMACK!* Her love of the crop was beginning to vex Justin and he accidentally let a scowl slip at her which was not unnoticed. “Oh! Are you giving your Mistress attitude?” *SMACK, SMACK SMACK!*

Unsatisfied with the strokes to his arse, she gave a series of shocks to his cock and anus. *ZAAAPP!* Justin flexed his muscles and howled loudly, his head bowed to the floor in pain, his cock hardening and then flaccid in short durations. “Yes, that’s right, slave, bow to your Mistress and DON’T FORGET YOUR PLACE!” she yelled. Mistress J pulled his head back by the hair and gave a quick kick to his balls, not unduly hard, but enough to give Justin genuine concern about giving his safeword as he again winced in pain.

He got his breathing under control as she pushed the ball end of the dildo-gag into his mouth and strapped it tightly behind his head. “Right, get into position. Now!” The veiny member stuck out in front of him bouncing a little as he wiggled on his back to get his head into the queening stool. The box-like contraption had a hollow area for his face and neck, locking around him just above the collar, his head resting in a sling. His cuffed hands pushed up against his lumbar though it wasn’t uncomfortable as Mistress J placed the short spreader bars on his legs, one just above his knees and the other at his ankles.

Justin tensed as he tested his position, finding he couldn’t move much. He heard a zipper actuating before he saw his mistress reach down to his face to lube the dildo. “Lets see if you’re any good at this bitch!” She was relishing stroking the cock with a wild smile. “This cock is so much bigger than your pathetic little prick, isn’t it? Hmmm, that’s right. I deserve a big cock. Nothing like what you could muster eh?” She stopped stroking it and positioned herself over Justin’s face. He could smell her musk as he admired her nicely trimmed pussy. “Ooohh! You watching my pussy from down there you little pervert? Get a good look you pathetic deviant. Oh!” She slid the dildo attached to Justin’s face as far as she dared, bobbing up and down on it before slowly settling onto her rump atop to the queening stool “OOOoooh!”

Justin doubted she’d ever had anything that big inside before as she continued to slowly rock up and down on the cock. Finally settling, he felt one of her boots swing around to touch his left shoulder as she put the stiletto heel of the other directly atop his right nipple. “Ooh! OOOhhh!” She ground it into his bud as Justin contorted in pain while she rocked back and forth over him. *SMACK!* “Stop whining, you slut!” She struck his abs hard.

A new sensation, Jenny had never ridden a dildo before, much less one so large attached to a slave’s face. She considered maybe it was a bit too much before she got used to it, relishing how it felt as she worked herself to an increased rhythm. Guttural sounds of lust escaped her as she imagined Lloyd taking this kind of treatment from her. She glanced down to see her juices slowly spreading over her slave’s face, dribbling around the gag as she switched her heels and ground his other nipple. She listened to Justin’s helpless cries as she continued to ride her new toy, administering vibrations and shocks to Justin’s cock and anus as she sped herself up and brought herself down again, and over and over. She dropped the crop and ran her hands over her rubber clad tits and ass, her nipples erect and clearly showing. Fingers moved to her clit as she began to rub it in a circular pattern. As she began enjoying herself, Jenny began to lose herself in thought… thoughts about Linda and Becky’s discussion…

---

“Well, yes of course! Men never know what they want! That’s how I convinced my husband to take vacations. Well, before we started dating.” Linda exclaimed with a cosmo in hand.

Becky retorted, “You’re sure? I always think of doing nothing but having tropical drinks brought by young boys on the beach as I watch the waves.”

“I was the best in the travel game before I got married! I’m telling you, if they are busy in their professional lives, they will want to be busy on vacation! I’ve tried it the other way around, but they just end up miserable and bored.” Becky continued to look unconvinced. “Look, someone who’s harangued all the time doesn’t know what to do with themselves if they book the opposite of their day-to-day. You have to *show them*, then they’ll only ever want what you give them. It works like a charm every time!”

Jenny, who had been silently listening up to this point had an epiphany, “… *show them*? And… it works every time?”

“Yes! Without fail, ladies! Men may think they know what they want, but when you really study their lives, they really just want more of the same when it comes to their fancies.”

Becky sipped her martini, “So when are you reopening your travel agency?”

“Next month! I’m to sign the lease next week!”

---

Mistress J was brought out of her musings by the squirms and yelps of her victim, snatching up the crop once more. The remote-control settings were having a definite effect, edging Justin with a combination of vibrations and shocks to both his cock and prostate. His cock cage was jumping with regularity as his body contorted and writhed beneath her.

“Ooohhhoo! Fuck! More, bitch! MORE!” *SMACK!* Justin’s head was bucking up and down along with the rest of his body as Mistress J continued to grind his nipple with her stiletto. Justin was shaking from the mixture of pleasure and pain, a hulking sweaty mess with his mistress’s secretions all over his face. “Fuck, Fuck, Oh! Fuck! Keep after it you useless fuck!” She was close but had plans for a different finale to her day’s project.

She abruptly stood and began rapidly striking Justin along his torso and legs. “You can’t do anything right can you! I was so close! Just for failing me, I’m going to treat you like the bitch you are!” She detached Justin’s neck from the queening stool but left the dildo-gag in place. She also removed the spreader bar from his knees, leaving the other on his ankles. “Get on your knees! Get that bitch ass in the air!”

It was very awkward as Justin struggled to get back into his doggystyle position on the floor. “Mrph, Mrphffmph,” his head to the side with the dong protruding along the carpet.

He watched Mistress J slip a strap-on with a double-sided cock up over her suit, situating one rubberized dildo with a vibe at her clit inside her. The other side of the strap-on, which was going to be administered to Justin, was chrome and able to administer electricity. She modeled it in front of him as his eyes went wide. She got the idea from a televised veterinarian show that showed how they collect prize bull semen. The doctor used an electrified prod inserted into the bull’s anus to milk its ejaculate.

“I’ve been looking forward to this! I’m going to show you just how a bitch deserves to get fucked!” Mistress J exited from view. Justin tried to relax but had difficulty releasing the p-spot device in his ass. With more tugging than was expected, Mistress J succeeded in pulling it out with a *pop*. Justin took a deep breath as he felt the head of the strap-on push in, stretching his anus. His cock became unsettlingly hard even though it was rigidly trapped from erecting itself.

Mistress J took it slow, turning on her vibe, “Oh, Oooh!” Justin strained at his handcuffs and spreader bar. She relished seeing his muscles flex as she worked in and out at an increasing speed. “Ohh, you fucking like that slave. Ooohh, ugh, fucking take it bitch!” She activated the electricity which caused Justin to scream, his cock straining for all its worth against the cage. Mistress J moved into high gear as her vibe was hitting just the right spot. Justin was humiliated to feel himself bucking and rocking back against his mistress. “Ugngh! Fuck! Ooooh! Yeah baby? You like getting it from your Mistress? Yeah! OOooh!” The vibe and electricity increased even more as Mistress J was nearing orgasm.

Justin felt her hands on his hips pulling harder and harder. His eyebrows arched in worry as the dick in his ass buried home. “MmmpH! Mooomph!” he squealed in forbidden pleasure.

“Oh, this is something you are good at huh? This feels good to you? Taking cock in the ass? You going to get off? OOOohhh! Huh, Ugnnn! I’m gunna fucking cum! Uhg! Uh! Fuck! GOD! FUCK! OOOOoh!”

“MMMoooPPH! MOoooph! Mph! Mph! Noomph Mmmrrr! Pllssph MphsPhsss!” The impossible had just happened to Justin. His cock restrained and vibed, a dildo shocking his prostate, he came… and came hard through the cock cage as his mistress continued to ride him, her own orgasm peaking and climbing back down.

*SMACK!* “Ohh… Ugh… Hmmmnn... I didn’t hear you ask permission to cum! I guess I’ll keep going since you like it so much you perverted little bitch!” *SMACK!* Justin howled. She kept fucking him into a post-orgasm torture as Justin fidgeted, screaming for her to stop, his cock and anus contorting in orgasmic anguish. After a couple minutes and a cruel laugh, she turned the electricity off and slowly withdrew. Mistress J gave a final open hand spank to her slave as she stood. She took off the strap-on before releasing Justin from all his bonds, the collar being the last item removed.

---

“Thank you for another wonderful evening in. I was really needing that! Are you quite sure you’re alright?”

Justin gingerly walked toward the door, “Yes Ma’am, I’ll be okay, though I could do with a pint or two.”

Jenny wanted to make amends if there were any ill feelings. “Here, please take it.” She held out a hundred-pound note.

“I don’t accept gifts, you know.”

“Consider it a bit of a severance for your discrete services,” as she stuffed it into his shirt pocket.

Justin raised an eyebrow in question, “I’m sorry Ma’am, did I not fulfill your designs to your satisfaction?”

“Oh no! It’s not that at all!” She blushed, “You have completely satisfied me on every occasion. It’s just.. I believe I can *convince* my husband to fill out my special projects from now on. Just like picking the tile, sometimes a man just needs to be… *shown* to know what he really wants.”

Justin grinned, “I think I know what you mean Ma’am. I’m sure you’ll be able to get what you want in short order.”

“I’m also going to go back to school to become a full-fledged lawyer and start my own firm. I think I’ll be able to convince Lloyd to join me as my partner there as well,” she said with affection. “I look forward to the flooring in the basement being completed. Perhaps there will be more work as I encourage my husband to turn it into a dungeon just for the two of us? I think I’ll enjoy making the plans with him if you’d stay on to do the installations.”

Justin turned to leave, “I’m at your command as ever… Mistress.”

Jenny smiled as she closed the door. She thought for a moment before deciding to stay in her latex suit for Lloyd to see when he came home. She sat in a chair with her stiletto boots crossed on an ottoman, a glass of red wine in hand. A smile creased her lips as she was more than confident in showing him what he would come to want, enjoy, and then some.
