---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Justin's Harem
authors:
- Restricted
tags:
- F+-f
- bond
- kidnap
- nc
- X
---

Jade was quietly going about
her business. She never had much to worry about these days! Her partner of the
past three years looked after her in everyway imaginable. She was lucky to have
found her. Justina was her female name, but in reality, she was a tomboy from a
very early age indeed. She would play at Cowboys and Indians with the boys while
all the girls played with their dolls.

When Jade had met Justina,
they immediately clicked. They both thought there was something about the other! 
They were not to be disappointed. Justina still preferred to wear men’s
clothes. She loved the cut of a suit and nice crisp white shirt and tie! Men’s
shoes were made of a heavier grade of leather and gave her a sense of power! Her
hair was always slicked in man’s style of haircut!

She preferred the name
Justin. Everybody called her by that name. Jade was the good little housewife
for Justin! They were without a doubt the best of lovers. Justin could be the
tenderest of people when she wanted to be! 
But a right bitch if crossed.

Both loved bondage, and they
spent many a night tied tightly in ropes while the other kissed and caressed the
victim! They both knew their loves and hates and never went down the path of
pushing each other too far!

It all started one night
when they decided to go to a fetish club. That was the only thing, Jade wanted
Justin to wear a latex cat suit, but Justin would have nothing to do with it.
That looked better on a woman and Justin was not going to play at being a woman!
Jade had to go in the micro length gipsy skirt and blouse! That was the thing
about Justin, she was a bit on the domineering side when they went out!

Jade saw Teri in that figure
hugging latex catsuit! She fell in love straight away. Teri was standing there
at the edge of the club, her hands and neck locked in a wooden yoke. Her legs
strapped together. She had been gagged and the yoke was fastened by chains to
the ceiling. Teri was at the mercy of anybody and everyone! And from the noises
she was making, she was in heaven at the attention she was getting!

 

Jade had no option than to
do what a good little housewife should do; she rushed out to the supermarket
down the road and bought a can of spray polish and a duster. Jade rushed back
with it and sprayed the cat suit and gave it a good polish. Everyone could see
what she was up to and laughed at her antics. Teri loved the special attention
her breasts were getting and her butt was well polished as well!

Justin could see what was
going on and tried to drag Jade away, but Jade struggled and refused to leave.
There was only one thing for it. Teri would have to come home with them!

Teri was made welcome at
their house. Jade and she got on as though they had known each other for years.
Justin was getting jealous!  Beware
of a jealous Justin! Justin explained that Jade and she was an item, but Teri
said she could not help the way she felt and Jade agreed with her! 
There is only one thing for it. Jade and Teri were going to have to be
made sick of each other.

Justin ordered Jade to
strip. Jade argued but one look from Justin told her that if she didn’t she
could expect the worse to come! Teri looked at her luscious body and Justin saw
her slowly lick her lips when she saw that Jade was shaved down below! 
Justin ordered Teri to strip as well. Teri argued that she did not want
to. But Jade asked her to and Teri obliged. Justin clicked her fingers and Jade
grabbed Teri. Between Justin and Jade, they wrestled Teri to the floor. They
removed the latex catsuit and tied her hands behind her back.

Jade stuffed her panties
into Teri’s mouth and used a stocking to hold it in place. Justin got a leg
spreader and fastened it across Teri’s knees. Now they rolled her on her back
and Justin went for the razor. Jade got the electric razor that used to belong
to an old boyfriend and started to shave Teri with it. The vibrations soon had a
startling effect on Teri. She had lost all resistance by the time Justin came
back with the mug of boiling water and soap and razor!

Justin ordered Jade to make
sure there was not a hair left on Teri’s body. She would be inspecting Teri
afterwards and if she found just one hair, Jade was going to be punished! Quite
severely at that! Justin went into another room, turned on the television and
settled down to watch the motorcycle racing!

An hour later she went back
to examine Teri. Jade had made a good job of her. Teri was completely hairless
now. But if Jade thought she had got away with being punished she was wrong!
“You must have given this a lot of loving care and attention! You need to be
punished!” Jade was nervous. She knew how Justin could react.

Justine left the room and
came back with a large box. Jade knew what was in it, but Teri could only lie on
the floor and wonder.  Justin
ordered Jade to pick Teri up. Once she was standing, Justin untied her. She
ordered Jade to put her arms around her, while she was facing her! Jade knew not
to disobey. She pulled her tight. Justin tied her hands together, pulled
Teri’s hands, who by now was too shocked to react, behind Jades back and tied
them together.  She put Teri’s
right arm over Jades left and her left under Jades right arm. There would be no
escaping tonight. A short double ended penis gag was put in their mouths and a
strap was tightened around their necks. This was tightened so they could not
move their heads away from each other.

Straps from this went over
their heads and was fastened on top of their heads. Now they were unable to move
anywhere away form each others tasty lips. A wide thick belt was tightened
around their waist. Behind Jade there was a tick strap hanging down. Behind Teri
there was a short strap with a buckle.

Justin went and got the
double V shaped rubber dildo and guided it into the pair of them. Whether thy
wanted to or not, they found themselves wriggling to accommodate this intruder!
Just pushed it in as far as she could. Grabbing the strap behind Jade she passed
it between their legs and fastened it up on the buckle behind Teri! Now she
tightened the strap around their waists pulling their stomachs closer together.
This only allowed Justin to adjust the strap underneath them tighter pulling
their bare mounds together. It also pushed the dildo into them a bit further!
Teri and Jade murmured at the same time!  Justin
put straps around their thighs and legs and tightened them up. To make sure they
could not escape, each strap had a padlock inserted at the buckle!

Justin was satisfied that
all was nice and secure! So she decided to hit the town. Going from bar to bar,
she met up with old friends and had a good time chatting with them! But Justin
was still thinking of those two in their embrace!

Jade and Teri were writhing
around against the straps, trying to get the best position. The dildo was
filling them up and they loved it! The penis gag meant they were nearly kissing,
but not quite. Their lips were touching, but to kiss would mean taking the gag
deep into their mouths!

Justin arrived back home at
six in the morning to find the two standing there quite exhausted! She started
to undo the straps, but Teri moaned. She loved every second of the bondage! As
Justin pulled the dildo from them, both the girls exploded in ecstasy
simultaneously!

When Jade and Teri stood
there looking at each other, Justin went and got a large sack. She put Teri in
it and tied the top up over her head. Quickly she got Jade to sew the sack up so
Teri could not escape. Once she was satisfied Jade had imprisoned Teri, she took
Jade into the bedroom and they made love together! Poor Teri was getting hot
listening to them. 

It was one in the afternoon
before Justin and Jade got out of bed. Teri had finally fallen asleep at eleven
after trying to get out of the sack all morning! 
Justin made Jade release her and Jade obeyed!

Justin told Teri that Jade
and she were together. Teri said she knew that, she had been straight until that
night and asked if she could remain and wait on them! Justin thought about it.
She asked Jade what her dislikes were! Teri said she did not like wearing
dresses. She only ever wore trousers! That gave Justin the right idea. She sent
Teri off home to get changed from the catsuit!

Justin and Jade had some
shopping to do! They trawled the shops until they found just the right clothes
for Teri to wear! “She will hate them!” Jade said. “I know, but if she
wants to stay with us, she must wear them! I give the orders around here! I wear
the trousers!”

That evening the three were
back in the house. Teri was told that there were some clothes in the spare
bedroom. But she had to strip off now. Teri did as she was told. Jade picked her
clothes up and took them into their bedroom. Teri went into the spare bedroom
and there was scream. “I can’t wear these!” “Oh well, you had better go
home. You can leave as you are!”

Teri realised that Justin
and Jade had got the better of her, so she put the clothes on. Justin and Jade
sat in the lounge when Teri appeared in a French Maid’s uniform! She looked
resplendent in the ultra short stark black dress with lots of brilliant white
petticoats and frilly knickers, all showing. The white apron had been tied
around her waist with a large bow at the back!

To compliment this, Teri was
wearing black stockings with a dead straight seam down the back of her legs. The
suspender belt straps were showing from under her frilly knickers. She had six
inch high heeled shoes locked onto her feet. A dainty little white maid’s cap
topped it all. Her hair had been pulled back into a bunch tied off with a white
hair band behind her head giving her hair a stark look!

She tottered around the room
and Justin was satisfied. Teri ad been transformed into a subservient person
now. She made the coffee and they all sat there discussing the terms of her
staying with them. When on duty it was yes sir or no sir to Justin, and yes
ma’am or no ma’am to Jade. And she had to curtsey every time!

Teri was now Justin’s
concubine! She had to do as she was told or she would be punished. Several times
she had finished up being tied up and put into the sack for the night! Teri
hated that ordeal!

But as time went on, Justin,
Jade and Teri grew fonder of each other and over the years, Justin even let Jade
and Teri use the strap on dildo on her while she was tied to the bed.
Occasionally Jade and Teri went out leaving Justin spread-eagled on the bed, but
mostly it was Jade or Teri left behind struggling against the straps!

The three had become lovers
in every sense. All three loved each other and they all loved bondage! Justin
even made Teri wear her maid’s uniform to the fetish club, not that Teri
needed asking twice. All three would stroll in arm in arm into the club.

Justin saw a girl with her
arms in an arm binder strapped tightly behind her back being led about the room
on a dog’s leash! Justin was satisfied and went and spoke to her owner! She
spoke to him all night! Jade and Teri were wondering what she was up to! Would
she be doing that to them the next time, or was she planning on increasing her
harem?

08.07.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
