---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sisterly Curator
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- F/m
- museum
- jail
- cellar
- artifacts
- shackles
- collar
- bond
- straitjacket
- cell
- chain
- oral
- denial
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
---

It had been a slow day at work, but not unusual for a Friday, as people tend to leave any IT problems on Friday afternoon until Monday. Today had been particularly slow at the office. I had given the guys an early afternoon at 16:30 so they had an extra hour for their weekend, and was sat alone in the office just in case a customer phoned in late.

I checked my e-mail one last time before closing down the PC's and doing the rounds, shutting windows and blinds, closing the office doors, quick tidy up of the work bench and then off out the main door setting the alarm and locking the main door. This weekend was a long one as the Monday following was a bank holiday, for which we are closed. I double checked the main door and walked to the car. On the way I heard my phone ping telling me I had a text message.

Quickly shoving my laptop and case in the boot of the car, I open the door and sat inside, opened the window and sparked up a cigarette. My phone pinged again as it does when a text message is left unread, bloody thing, everything has to be instant these days. Reluctantly pulling my phone out of my pocket I typed in the PIN and went to my messages. One from Vicki:

Hi Hun, don't come home as I have volunteered you to help out Jade at the museum. Grab yourself and her a McDonald's on the way and I will see you later x x x

OK, Jade is my partner Vicki's youngest sister, she is 5'6 size 6 Italian good looks but not quite as pretty as Vicki or Tanya. She is in her mid 30's and works as a curator for a local museum. I get on great with all of Vicki's family particularly her sisters. Jade and I tend to flirt a little too much but there has never been anything else, and there is really nothing in it.

McDonald's was busy as usual on a Friday evening when people are driving home from work and can't be bothered to cook, or are giving the kids a treat before the weekend. It took a good fifteen minutes before I was off on the 2 minutes journey to meet Jade.

The museum was a large imposing building, not particularly old but then nothing is in our town as it is a new development, however it housed some interesting artifacts that had been dug up across the town as the developments went ahead. It seemed that each new development brought a flurry of new finds and Jade often had to work both late into the evening and weekends just to keep up with the flow of new finds that pored through the door.

I greeted the receptionist, Judy, I do the IT support here so all the staff know me well, and I have free run of the building. In fact I probably know the building better than any of the staff after all the cabling I have had to do here. Walking briskly past a new shiny exhibit of Roman pottery I knocked loudly on Jades door. I like doing this as people in museum invariably turn into meerkats trying to see what the loud banging is.

Jade was sat at her desk, she was wearing unassuming business type attire, a skirt suit and white blouse, very professional but not particularly flattering. She looked up and smiled, got up, walked over and gave me the traditional two kiss Italian style greeting. “Great I'm starving” she said, and continued, “Lets eat here and I will fill you in on what I need you to do. Thanks for offering to help, I would have had no chance without you.” I did not have the heart to tell her I had been volunteered as opposed to volunteering!

We quickly ate our burgers and caught up with the usual chit chat. Putting the rubbish in the bin, Jade headed over to the kettle to make us both a coffee. She came back carrying two mugs of coffee that seemed to cut through the smell of McDonald's, filling the air with the rich scent of coffee, just as I remembered happened when a teacher at school brought a mug of coffee into a class room.

She sat down and said, “Exciting isn't it?”

“What is?” I inquired.

“I thought Vicki told you?”

“Nope sorry, I got a text, meet Jade, bring food”.

She looked a bit startled and spooked and slowly started to tell me what she needed. “Well, Vicki has told me in conversation last week, that you have certain erm knowledge...”

“OK princess, you will have to be a little more specific,” I countered.

She thought for a second or two and then continued, “Well, the museum has taken on a new project, a new development in the next town. It turned out that one of the buildings scheduled for demolition was the old prison, however during the survey work the developers found out that the prison has deep underground structures that would cost a lot of money to remove and make ready for new houses to go on top.”

“OK” I said, Jade was looking around the room a bit like an excited school girl.

“So they have, to save money in the long term, renovated the place, as the structure was largely in tact, and have made it a feature of the new development. They have handed over the keys to us as a gift to the local area for the museum to run”, she was now looking apprehensive, “So, Vicki mentioned that you had done some voluntary work in a similar venture”.

“Yes, I worked on some artifacts dug up from the civil war at the central museum in Birmingham, and have gathered some erm specialist knowledge on the way, but that is mostly about restraints,” I said as coolly as I could, however when I said “restraints” Jade noticeably blushed.

Now Jade, unlike Tanya the other sister knew nothing about mine and Vicki's special interests. But I had noticed the blush and began to wonder if someone had said something to her, however if they had, she was not letting on.

“That's the thing,” she was obviously trying to control herself as she continued, “In a couple of the rooms downstairs there are a large number of wooden crates that seem to contain a whole collection of restraints from across history, and I wanted to take you over there this weekend and see if there was anything you could recongise and write some information about, catalog and start to layout the displays?”

I thought to myself, OK this is getting interesting, but immediately replied, “OK, how many boxes are there?”

“27 at the last count, they were being a locked door right in the corner of the lowest level.” she said, and continued, “But could we go to my place first as I don't really want to be grovelling around dirty old rooms in my suit.”

“Sure, lets go”. I did not have this issue as I just had on work jeans and a tee shirt, as I regularly have to grovel around under desks, and you would not believe the dust and crap that gets under them, and what the hell is the deal with women in office's and shoes under desks, it seems wherever I go at least one woman in the office has two or three pairs of shoes / boots under their desks!

Anyway, we head out to my car as there is no point taking both. Jade slides in and relaxes for the thirty minute journey to her house. In the car, she kicks off her heels, lays back and looks quite relaxed and content. We have known each other for so long we are perfectly comfortable with each other, and I sit and think how nice all three siblings are.

We rock up at Jades place, she heads off upstairs to freshen up and get changed while I head into the kitchen to stick the kettle on, you can tell we are in England by the amount of tea we drink! It's not unusual for Jades dinning room table to be full of artifacts strewn across it, these are normally the hard to identify things that she is having to research to find out what the hell they are and what purpose they served, this is no easy task as the artifacts can date from anywhere in about a 2000 year window. However in the middle of all this clutter is something very shiny. Now this is unusual as most of the things here are still covered in mud. So this object really stood out. I walked over and picked it up. About 1 inch in length, and maybe 1/4 inch thick, I turned it over and noticed that it had a very slight curve.

“What do you think it is, it has had me foxed for about three weeks?” Jade said, I had sort of noticed her slipping in from the doorway that I now had my back to, she walked past and finished off making the tea.

“It's the bow from a pair of Strauss handcuffs, they were one of the first production handcuffs to work with the modern swing through design, first produced in the 1930's, not particularly old, but these are quite rare these days” I said without really thinking.

“See I told you, that you would be helpful, but that was a lot of information, a handcuff expert, kinky” she winked as she said it. I looked over at Jade, she looked a bit like Lara Croft, knee high leather army style boots, but quite feminine, tight black leggings, a silver satin top, with a thick leather belt with holsters either side, one had a labeling machine in, and the other a note pad and penknife. She cut quite the explorer figure.

“Kinky, well not really just an anorak really” I tried not to play it down!

We arrived at the doorway to the prison about 19:40, there was just enough light for Jade to find the large key in her bag and slot it into the old lock on the main door. The door looked immense, solid wood with black steel bands running across it, large rounded rivets were hammered through, obviously made by a craftsman, and obviously quite old. It opened with a lower soft creaking. Instantly the alarm started to whine and beep sounding the warning that the code had to be entered. Jade scooted across to the panel and tapped away at the control panel. The room fell silent, and Jade hurried over to the corner of the room, there was a series of little clicks and fluorescent tubes flickered into life.

This entrance way had what looked to be the start of a cafe on one side, and what would be a gift shop on the other. Both of which were half stocked, the cafe had lots of cans of drinks in a fridge, chairs and tables waiting to serve the public when they arrived which should be in about a months time. The gift shop had pens, and fridge magnets, the usual sort of stuff you would find, but there were still a lot of empty shelves.

Jade closed the main door, that seemed to make a loud bang that echoed through the building, she slid the key in the lock and locked the door, again the sound echoed. She left the key in the lock and we headed off through some corridors. Eventually we came to side door, she fished around in her bag and pulled out a large bunch of keys, it had a large paper tag on that just said, “Internal Doors” there must have been about 30 keys on it, ranging from modern ones to some quite old and intricate ones.

“This door leads to a staircase that takes us down the bottom” she said, she opened the door and flicked on the lights.

We went down a flight of about 14 stone steps, then there was a 180' turn with another set of steps in front of us and a corridor off to the right, this was a long corridor with about 10 doors either side. “Holding Cells” she said excitedly.

At the next junction down, another long corridor, “This was the mental health cells” she giggled.

More steps downwards, “OK, here we are, maximum security” she said, a large solid steel door was in front of us.

She took out the keys and slid a large brass key into the lock, the lock turned and we heard a series of bolts being released, the door swung slowly open to reveal a similar corridor, this one was lined with a series of these heavy steel doors. Right at the end was a normal internal door, we walked down the corridor to this white internal door, she again pulled out the keys and fiddled for a few minutes finding the right key. She opened the door, the room was large approximately 10m x 10m, but very dark, she walked in and flicked a switch on the wall, the familiar flickering and the lights sparked into life.

Right in the middle was a desk with a large leather chair, I could tell by the clutter that Jade had been working here for some time, around the edges the room was full of packing crates, some large some small. “Right where shall we start” she said.

“Well I guess, lets clear the desk first,” I said and continued, “So what have you done so far?”

“Well I have opened one box, it was full of these chains and manacles,” she picked up a set of heavily tooled manacles from her desk and passed them over to me.

I turned them over in my hands and said, “Crude, but effective, these stem from the late 17th century, unusual as these seem to be navy issue”.

“That's what threw me,” she said, “I saw the anchor and assumed the same thing”.

There was indeed a small anchor marked on one of the links of the chain. She blurted out, “They're quite sexy aren't they, they have some sort of power.”

I looked up a little amused by her sudden coyness. “Jade, it's OK, I know exactly what you mean.” I stopped for a second to think then thought what the hell “You know me and your sister both like these things,” I looked for a reaction but there was none.

She just seemed to relax, took a deep breath and said, “But I found this,” pointing a long thin piece of metal, “in the same box, but I have no idea what it is for?”

“That is easy,” I said, “it is the key”, I took it from here and located the slot on the outside of the manacles, I slid in the crudely shaped key and wiggled it around, with a faint click the manacle fell open. Jade gasped. I repeated this with the other manacle and then closed them and re-opened them a few times.

Jade was staring intently at the set of manacles, one swinging open loosely while I opened the other one. “Can I try them on?” she whispered. I walked over to her and held them to her wrist, I closed one and then moved it forward, her hand slipped right through as they were obviously designed for a large man.

“Oh well” I said putting them back on the desk.

“There are some more in the box” she offered.

There was an open crate by the side of her desk, I peered inside, it was full of bubble wrap, I moved the top layer, and sitting there was a full set, much smaller, manacles for the feet, hands and a large collar, I picked up the collar slowly lifting it out of the box, the hand and feet shackles clanking together connected to the collar by a long chain. “Brave enough?” I teased.

“Erm, well, er, if you make sure the key works first?” I tested all the locks, the collar was slightly stiff but quite usable. I undid all the locks and walked towards her holding the collar open, I lifted it up around her neck and pushed the ends closed. There was a loud click, and I swear she shuddered, and her breathing quickened.

“You are sentenced to three years hard labor,” I said seriously as I clicked home the wrist shackles, these were quite tight around her wrists and there was no way they were slipping off. Bent down and snapped the manacles around her boots.

The chains rattled loudly as she walked around, she tugged her wrists apart, but that were stopped loudly by the chain. “OK, take them off” she said nervously. Not wanting to push her too far too fast, I pulled out the key from my pocket and set about removing them. It took less that a minute and the whole set was in a heap on her desk.

“I need a cigarette,” she said, I never knew she smoked but quickly gave her one of mine, and we both sparked up. “Don't worry, no one but me will be in this office and it will be months before anyone else comes in so a bit of smoke will have plenty of time to clear”. She sat down in the chair and opened the top drawer to reveal a large clean ashtray.

We sat in silence for about a minute, then she looked over and said, “You know I have never really had a boyfriend, well nothing serious anyway, but these artifacts really turn me on”.

I put my hand on her knee and softly said, “Hey it's OK, I am the same.”

“B..but... it's kinky” she said.

“Yes... and .... so what, who cares, I'm not going to say anything outside here, and I trust you will do the same?” I inquired.

“Of course, and thank you. I am going to have to demo some of these things when I do the tours, so your help is invaluable, you have already saved me about two weeks work showing me how to open these,” she said, idly fingering the pile of heavy iron she was just wearing.

She got up, “Come, I want to show you something.” she said and strutted purposefully out the door and up the stairs to the second level. There was no entrance door here, inside there were rows of about ten doors in total, white with a small glass panel set in each. She walked up to the last door. “Now, as I have to demo this stuff I want to try something,” she said, I recognized the change in her voice, as it was exactly the same way that Vicki's voice changed when she switches from sub to dom.

“These are the mental health cells, padded cells. Inside this one I have put a couple of items that I recognise,” She fiddled with the key and the door swung open. There was a heavy scent of old musty leather, similar to a Jaguar interior. Laying on the floor open was an off white leather straitjacket. “Patients here would be naked, and I want this to be authentic so strip”.

“You promise this is between us?” I asked gingerly.

“Yes, what happens here stays here,” she said, “and you have known me long enough to know I keep my word.”

Slowly I remove my clothes. She picks up the straitjacket, except this is a straitjacket on steroids, ten leather straps down the back, a wide leather piece that covers the patients private parts and buckles at the back, there are side loops, front loop, and bicep straps. She stands in front of me and shakes the jacket as if to say, come on. I slide my arms down the sleeves and she zips it up the back, then she pulls out a long piece of thin cotton rope and starts lacing the back closed. Next the ten buckles down the back and the thick collar, forcing me to look directly in front. She takes one arm at a time and threads them through the various loops and does up the strap as tightly as she can.

God she is good for an amateur!

She continues and completes the remaining straps, she comes around the front. Obviously my cock is pretty rigid, she kneels down and lifts up the expanse of white leather covering it waiting to be buckled. I can't see what she is doing because of the collar. But I feel her lips and tongue on the top of my penis. She starts slowly and then takes in more and more. I can feel an orgasm building, and involuntarily moan. Immediately she stops, pulls down the leather flap, quickly buckles up the two straps and the back, pushes me hard into the waiting padded leather cell. I land on the floor and look around quickly just in time to see the door slamming shut.

I see her face peering through the small viewing window and then she is gone. I struggle with all my force but the jacket is old, and flawlessly constructed and applied. The orgasm has gone. I am left alone rolling around trying to get to my feet, completely turned on and horny as I had ever been.

After what must have been an hour, I hear footsteps outside, I can see nothing through the viewing window, but hear the lock open and the door swinging open inwards. I can see a silhouette in the door way. Jade comes in, she is wearing a short white leather dress, she still has her boots on but the leggings are gone. She walks over, I am sitting up she puts her boot on my chest and pushes me backwards. She has two chains and two padded leather cuffs in her had. She takes the chains which have clips on both ends, clips one to either shoulder of the jacket, and the other ends to two small rings in the floor. She then closes the padded cuffs around each of my ankles making a big show of pushing the locking mechanism down and tugging to check, she then clips these to two further rings in the floor. I am now fixed fairly tightly to the padded leather floor.

She stands astride my head and I can clearly see she has no underwear on. She squats down on my face and demands that I make her come. After only a couple of minutes she cums loudly and hard. She lifts up slightly and I can feel her sliding her hand up my back searching for the straps to uncover my cock. She lifts up the flap to reveal a rock hard erection. She stands up turns around to face me and slowly using her hand to guide it into place impales herself on it. She sits with all her weight on me, and runs her hand over the leather straitjacket. “Warm in there?” and then she chuckles.

Jade's other pastime is riding horses, I have often admired her in her tight jodhpurs and boots, and always felt slightly jealous of the saddle. Now here we were, inside a padded leather cell, I was strapped into a leather straitjacket chained to the floor, and Jade was on-top of me in a tight leather dress and boots. I was the saddle, Jade was making short slow movements, similar to a slow walk with a horse. Horsey girls move their hips when having sex in a way that non horsey girls would never understand, and their leg muscles have stamina that regular girls can only dream of. The feeling is amazing. She was building up speed, until she was a what would have been a full gallop.

“Not yet, Don't you dare cum yet ....” she said in between gasping for air, she was flat out now, then she screamed, “now, cum for cuck sake cum!”

I exploded into her for a good 15 seconds. She just kept going and going. I had the odd feeling of really wanting to stop and was trying to pull away from her, but she just kept going. After a minute or two the odd feeling had passed and Jade was still at a good pace, rocking forward and backward as she went.

'WTF' I thought, I could feel something building inside me, another orgasm but not like anything I felt before, much more intense. She slowed right down again, she lent forward.

“Don't stop” I whispered in her ear. “You can feel it” she whispered back “yes, god yes”, she sat bolt upright, and jumped back into full gallop. I could hear the chains jingling and could feel them stopping me from moving too far with her actions. She kept going faster and faster, “OMG” I shouted she looked down, smiled, and then we both came. I have never felt anything like it, my whole body exploded into ecstasy. I did not even notice her fall backwards panting on the floor next to me.

We lay there in silence for ten minutes. Then she stood up, walked out the door, and slammed it shut. The lights went out a few seconds later......



20.09.14

story continues in [**Sisterly Curator**](sisterlycurator2.html)

o0o
