---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Twenty Days - Part 2
authors:
- Lady Katherine
tags:
- Machine-f
- latex
- bodysuit
- mum
- hobble
- computer
- stuck
- mast
- public
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2009-05-17 00:00:00
---

continued from [part one](twenty_days.html)

**Part Two**

Eight days... The best I could do so far. Being wrapped such a tight mummification, unable to move for so many hours, and then having to endure it again for two hours during the day was just too much. I might be able to handle it better if I could see, or even roll around a bit more. So twice now I've made it to eight days, then gave in and added more scenarios. Resetting the program for another twenty days, but allowing me the chance to spend a full night in a less stringent position. The more I add to the interface the more random my nightly bondage becomes.

I awoke one night in the latex straitjacket position, which is one I have come to enjoy a bit more. I can walk and see in this one, so I sometimes wander into the bathroom to be released and add a toy or two, then walk back out, passing the sensor and getting immobilized again. I designed the jacket with a panel that covers my crotch, helpful for keeping things in place. Bondage is much more fun when you have a pleasant distraction buzzing away inside you. That particular night I had been dreaming. In my dream I was mummified, but somehow I felt that I wasn't alone. All of a sudden I felt hands on my latex covered body. Just searching, pressing and exploring me as I lay there and struggled harder than ever before. I woke up frightened but also extremely aroused. I got out of my bed and, shaking with fright searched the entire building for any sign that I wasn't alone. I was still in the tight confines of the straitjacket and my old building doesn't have very well placed light switches, so much of my wandering was through the dark.

The flickering lights on all of my servers turned the second floor into a sci-fi scene, but those rooms have been updated electrically so it wasn't hard to flip the lights on with my nose. The heat from the electronics always make this floor feel oppressive. Being wrapped up in latex didn't help that much either.

The first floor was especially scary. There are large windows that are exposed to the street just a few steps below. Passing cars left shadows that swept over the walls and floor. The streetlight out in front illuminated long patches in from the windows, but left the corners dark and able to hide everything my imagination could come up with. I don't use this floor much at all. Years ago a friend had had to move out of town suddenly and I had let him store some furniture in one of the old offices. He had never returned for it, instead leaving it for me to deal with. It sat there gathering dust still, and only now did I realize how many things could be waiting behind an old wingback chair or worn leather sofa. I admit the fear had me very excited by this time, and I straddled the couch's arm like a slut, pressing the latex against my wet sex and managing only to arouse myself further.

The door that led down to the basement was locked by a double keyed deadbolt. The key I kept hanging on a hook just around the corner, but there was no way I could manage to get the lock open. Since it was closed I felt certain that no one could come in that way.

I went back to the office and searched it again. Finally I was able to convince myself that I was still alone in the old building. It was still dark out, so I guessed that I'd be bound for a few hours yet. I wasn't willing to give up on my excitement yet though. For many days I had been forlorn about my predicament, but the dream and the search of the building had me more excited than I had been since this predicament had begun.

The office had only the one room, with a small cracked window covered mostly by plywood. Enough light filtered in to let me see the steel bars that are on the outside of all the first floor windows. I decided to spend the rest of the night down here. I knew the program would set me free wherever I was in the building when eight o'clock came around, but I wanted to stay bound now and I knew that I'd use my bathroom escape method if I went back to the third floor. Before I could think it through I pushed the door shut and felt a tremor go through me as the latch clicked into place. There was no way I could get the knob to turn without the use of my hands, and that would be a few hours from now at least.

I was a shivering sweaty erotic mess when the latex slithered itself into my normal daily attire of the default bodysuit. It was quite erotic to touch myself after so many hours without the use of my hands. Disheveled and sore I slowly made my way back to my apartment where I collapsed on the bed after several orgasms in the shower. I knew I was loosing my time with the interface, but after the thrills of the night, I really didn't care.

I hadn't uploaded anything the night before and I didn't then either. I did write up several new scenarios, and three or four were ready to be used, but I wanted, actually wanted, to be mummified tonight. Shortly before midnight I grabbed up a few things and ran down the stairs to the first floor office. After closing the door I slid the old wingback chair in front of it. Working quickly in the dark I first inserted a vibe into my sex, then a plug into my rear. After turning on the vibe I laid on the couch and wrapped myself into a nylon sleeping bag. I zipped it shut and pulled the drawstring tight around my head, leaving only my lower face exposed. It wasn't but a minute or two before the latex did it's act and cocooned me from head to toe.

I didn't sleep at all. The helplessness of the latex mummification combined with the heat of the sleeping bag made me feel like I was in the oven. I found that I could slither around with much effort and turn myself over, which let me put some weight on the vibe that was turning my sex into a slippery mess. Over and over I came. Long orgasms that left my tummy hurting followed wave after wave that were less intense but still incredible. My aroused moans became pleas to no one for mercy followed by incoherent gagged begging. I know I blacked out from time to time, but I always came back around when I would try to let out a tormented scream that was denied by the latex covering my face and mouth. At some point deep in the darkness the batteries began to fade. At first I was relieved but soon became aware that it was not a blessing, but yet another torment. The vibe still made my pussy throb, but the decrease in stimulation coupled with my exhaustion left me unable to reach orgasm.

Finally my time was up and the latex changed shape. I struggled my way out of the sleeping bag and summoned enough strength to move the chair before making my way up to the shower and the sweet bliss of my bed. Hours later I awoke just in time to serve my two hour sentence, once again mummified.

Those two night made me realize something that I had forgotten when I found myself trapped. I was living my dream. I was able to have some input to my nightly treatment, but not enough to give me any real control. I was a slave to my own devious erotic mind. Repeatedly my mind wandered back to that dream. Feeling hands touching me while I lay helplessly wrapped in skintight latex was an incredibly intoxicating fantasy. It wasn't long before I found a way to program that feeling into the latex interface. I copied scenarios already in the menu and added the programming to make me feel like I was being explored while bound. I didn't add it to all of them and I actually made copies of the ones I did so I would never know if I were going to be 'felt up' that night or not. Some nights I woke up certain that someone was taking advantage of me. Sometimes, if my legs were free I would run to the bathroom to free myself only to insert a vibe and run back to the bed. Twice I got lost on my way there because of a hood covering my eyes.

Variations on the same thing were fine, but I found I wanted to be challenged more and more. On the nights that I happened to be in the full body catsuit with my eyes uncovered I would explore the building room by room. Sometimes I would linger in front of the big first floor windows, daring anyone to pass by and see me fully covered, yet fully exposed. Sometimes I would wander the building blindly when the fully hooded catsuit scenario came up. Those nights were very special. I felt strangely free even though my entire body was trapped by the shiny material. I had to rely on memory alone to tell me where I was. One night I found the alley door. Shaking in fear I dared to open it, even stepped outside a few steps. The cool night air and strange sounds thrilled my being. I quickly rushed back in, fumbled blindly and locked it just as a huge orgasm caused my knees to fold, leaving me panting through the nose holes of my hood. That night I thought I had found a latex bondage sluts heaven.

Up until now I had left the daytime hours of the weekends pretty much alone. Of course I was still forced to wear the bodysuit all the time, but I had several hours to myself that left me able to cook, clean and do various odd jobs. I could go out to the nearby stores if I needed anything that I couldn't get delivered. If I had incurred the penalty time in the mummification I had to be careful not to be out when it bound me up. Usually I just stayed in on those days. I had enjoyed that first time out in the hobble skirt so much that I made up a voluntary routine for the interface. It allowed me to add a few select scenarios that would run only during the day. I could even set a time on them, and of course I had a random factor as well. Every few days I began making short trips out for lunch. If I ran over my alloted time the interface took away time allowed with it, but I had a few scenarios ready to go in case I didn't want to incur the penalty.

On one lunch break I decided to go to the little bar for a burger and some human contact. I started out with the latex in the hidden belt form, but I had set the hobble skirt program to bind my legs shortly after I got there, allowing for the ten minute walk and a two hour stay. Dressed in a short denim skirt and red satin top I ventured out enjoying the click of my heels on the sidewalk. When I got to the bar I was distressed to find it closed, a sign in the window saying that they were no longer open for lunch. I was frantic. I knew the program was running and that somewhere between twelve and fifteen minutes would pass before I would be unable to walk. Looking at my phone I figured that ten minutes had passed already and there was no way to get back home in time. The blocks surrounding the bar were all offices and apartments. Old brick buildings like the one I owned. On the opposite corner was a convenience store. There was no hope for refuge there.

Sweat began to run down my back and the inside of my thighs were becoming wetter by the second. My mind raced as I searched the streets for an escape. Just across the street a cab was parked. I had noticed the driver eating his lunch as I had passed him earlier. I had also seen him watching me all the way up the street. Jogging as fast as I could in four inch heels I crossed the street and let myself into the cab just as the latex slithered down over my legs, trapping them together. The driver looked startled and began complaining that he was taking his break. I told him to be quiet, start the meter and eat his sandwich, I'd wait until he had finished. He grumbled until I gave him a ten dollar bill and told him again to take his time. He ate in silence as I pretended to text someone on my phone until finally he asked me “where to?”

Of course I had no idea, I really just wanted to sit there in the cab for the next two hours (give or take some random time) and then go home. I sat there in silence for a couple of minutes before he asked me again, obviously getting irritated with this strange woman in his cab. Blinking rapidly I looked at him and asked if he knew of the adult store across town. He chuckled and nodded, then put the car in gear and drove. I was totally in shock by now. My legs were pinned so tight that I couldn't sit still. When he pulled up to the seedy little adult store I paid him and started to open the door. Much to my surprise he got out of the car and opened the door for me. There was nothing to do but act like I knew what I was doing. I slid across the seat and tried to stand up. The first two attempts got me off the seat before I plopped back down again. At this point he was openly staring at my legs and he offered me his hand. Taking it I got out of the car at last and stood up only to have the denim skirt slide right off my latex covered hips and pool around my ankles. Somehow I managed to keep my composure even though I was screaming inside and my sex was soaked. Stepping carefully out of the skirt I looked down at it in dismay. There wasn't a chance that I could bend over to pick it up. The cab driver took it all in stride like it happened everyday, bent down, picked up my skirt and put it in my hand.

The latex creaked and popped as I took tiny steps on my heels and made my way inside. I had never been in one of these places before, having ordered all my toys online like any shy geeky girl does. Now here I was, dressed like one of the women in the fetish video movie section! The clerk took a long look at me before she laughed and asked if I needed any help. I managed to tell her that I just wanted to look and she nodded and smiled at me. I wandered slowly around, amazed by the openly displayed sex toys and rack after rack of DVD's. I must have been lost in thought because she startled me when she spoke from right beside me.

“Honey, where did you get that skirt?” She asked.

“Uhhm” I stammered, then with my face burning I replied, “I made it”

She looked it over carefully, even bending down to look closer, then she whistled and stood back up.

“Think I could get one too?”

“Well, I.. I don't have any material left” which wasn't a lie.

That started a discussion on the availability of decent fetish clothing and the attributes of various materials. That is until I began to wobble on my heels. My ankles had been locked tightly together for awhile and my legs were beginning to complain about the unusual conditions. She must have noticed because she asked me if I'd like to sit down in the back with her while she had lunch. I nodded she led me to the back of the store, patiently waiting with a grin on her face and an odd look in her eyes as I made my tiny little steps. The back room of the store was surprisingly spartan and clean. Just a little room with a coffee pot and a little fridge like most dorm rooms have. She nibbled on a granola bar while we exchanged names and small talk.

I found out that Liv had been working on a degree in marketing before her funds had run out. Then she had lost her job and had recently taken on a part time position in the store to make ends meet. I didn't ask but figured she was probably twelve to fifteen years younger than I am. We seemed to hit it off quite well right away and I totally lost track of time until I felt that quiver that signals a change is about to take place.

Liv had been talking when it happened and she stopped quickly. “Are you okay? You just went white as a ghost” My legs were hidden from her under the table, but they suddenly felt cold as the latex slithered it's way up them and wrapped my body, under my clothes thankfully, in the default bodysuit. Just that quickly I went from hobble skirt to open crotched bodysuit and I was in shock. My private parts were exposed and touching the plastic chair right in frnt of a total stranger. Slowly Liv stood up and reached her hand towards me. She touched me just below my chin and I felt the blood rush back into my face as I realized what she had seen.

“Okay girl” she said quietly, “I just saw that latex crawl right up you”. And she had.. the neck of my blouse was open and the bodysuit was exposed to her. “You have a story to tell me” she said, sitting back down in her chair. I knew I was blushing and I even began to sweat. Stammering I began to fabricate some sort of tale to explain, but she saw through me right away. “Nuhht uhh, the real story” she insisted, looking me right in the eyes.

So I told her.. Nearly everything. We sat there and talked for over an hour, or I talked as she listened with intense interest, her eyes rarely leaving mine even though I was looking at the table most of the time. When I was caught up to being exposed right in front of her she startled me by jumping from her chair and locking the room. “Show me” she said. It wasn't a request and I had no will to resist by this time as I felt about two inches tall under her continual gaze. I stood up and slipped the blouse off, exposing me dreadful secret to this young woman that I had met less than two hours before.

She circled me, whistling her approval, and I jumped when her hand touched me just above the small of my back. “This is the brain?” I nodded. “And you can't get it to turn off?” I just nodded again as she continued her circle to stand, hands on hips, right in front of me. Her hand cupped me under my chin and brought my eyes up to hers, in my heels I'm about the same height as she is in flats. “I want to know more” she whispered, locking her gaze on mine.

I don't know why, but I knew I could trust Liv right away. I told her that she could come to my building tomorrow, a Saturday, and we could talk more then. She helped me get my skirt back on but there was no way to hide the latex that showed under my blouse. That was one aspect I hadn't thought about before beginning this adventure, I hoped I wasn't beginning to make risky mistakes. Liv just grinned at me as I tried to adjust my collar to hide it.

After I got back home it was straight to the bedroom for some relief and then back to work. I logged in to the interface just in time to get kicked back out. I hadn't uploaded the day before and I had lost so much time I wouldn't be able to now. I sat back and accepted the fact that I'd be punished and left mummified for the night. I spent the restless hours that night wondering why I had been so willing to tell Liv so much, and indeed, why I would allow her inside my private world. I had never had many female friends, usually preferring the company of my boys. That's not to say I that I don't like women. I am probably what you'd call bi-curious. That thought made me stop and consider.. Was that why I had talked so freely to Liv? Was I sexually interested in her? Being trapped in the mummy all night never lets me sleep very well, but I got even less that night. The heat between my legs grew as I kept going over the day's events and I managed to orgasm despite being so tightly wrapped.

When release came with the morning I rushed through the morning routine and made myself clean the entire apartment. By the time I was done I needed another shower as cleaning in a latex bodysuit isn't exactly cool work. Not wanting to be quite so exposed I dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, wanting to look as casual as I could while entertaining a woman that knew I was wrapped in escape proof latex undergarments. Lunch time came and I made up plates of little snacky foods, having no idea what she might prefer. And hour later she still hadn't showed up and I began to wonder why we hadn't exchanged cell numbers. When the door buzzer sounded I rushed down the stairs to let her in, apologizing for the age of the building and the lack of an elevator as I let her in.

Liv was wearing worn jeans and a tank top covered by an incongruously nice leather coat and ankle boots. Over her shoulder she carried a backpack, also made of leather, instead of a purse. Her brown hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail and small tortoiseshell framed sunglasses hid her dark eyes.. The whole effect had me thinking of the Tomb Raider movies, but I'm not sure why.

She said that she wasn't hungry so I offered her the full tour of my old building. She said she'd love to see it, but only if I played tour guide in only the latex. Her wicked grin convinced me and I left my clothes behind. She seemed to be rather impressed with the old place, telling me repeatedly that I had “allot of room for just you”. When I showed her all the computers she gave me that look that I knew meant she was impressed, but really didn't know what she was looking at. Down in the basement she kept putting her hands on the beams overhead as if she were suspended and grinning at me. Okay, I admit, I knew what she was thinking and yes, I was excited!

I was sitting on the old leather couch and she was in the worn wingback talking about the nights I had spent in the office when the quivering startled me. Before I could explain I was mummified right there on front of Liv. Mouth covered and blind I could only hear her shocked words as she grabbed me just before I tipped over, laying me out on the sofa.

“So”, came her muffled voice, “this is the punishment position I guess, and I'm betting you will be right there for two hours won't you?” I could only nod and mumble. She laughed then and thanked me for “such a surprise ending” to the tour. My sex was hot and I could feel the wetness making my thighs slick within my latex prison. I was startled by the scrape of the chair on the wood floor as she pulled it up close to where I helplessly lay. Her hands began a slow exploration of my entire body then. I squirmed and moaned in mock protest, but I was extremely excited by her attention and indeed, happy that I could do nothing to stop her. Her fingers touched me everywhere, the latex thin enough to convey her gentle touch to my sweating skin underneath. When her hands came to my covered face she put one of them over my already latex covered mouth and held my head down firmly. The effect made me protest and try to wiggle away, but I was trapped. I could hear her sharp intake of breath, her head must have been close to mine.

Her hand lifted, to be replaced by the other one and my own breath shuddered as I caught the scent on her fingers. I wasn't the only one excited in the room. Her hand clamped down over my mouth tightly and I could hear her moaning now. I thrashed about, dieing to know what she was doing with her other hand, desperate to see, touch, anything. When she let out a cry I knew what she had been doing and it was all too much for me to bear. I sank deep into subspace and totally lost my self in a powerful trembling orgasm that left my abdomen muscles spasming and shaking. Somewhere in the relative distance I heard her chair creak as she sat back. She asked me if I was alright and I managed to nod my head a little.

I came to a bit later when the latex slithered it's way back into my bodysuit. Liv was sitting in the chair with a glass of water in her hand, completely naked and looking at me with an astonished expression. “That has got to feel incredible” she spoke in an awed tone. “Please.. let me experience it”. Her tone surprised me and I sat up, stretching and taking the glass from her hand.

I looked at her and gave her my most devilish grin. My gazed turned down on my own flushed body, my hands running over the slick black material covering me, making me helpless so often. I know lust was in my eyes then as I replied to her desperate look.

“Darling, I'll do more than that.”

To be continued...

A word about feedback. If you enjoy my writing, or if you find something in it that you don't, feel free to let me know. I'd like to continue this storyline so any suggestions would be appreciated. I have received some wonderful suggestions and positive criticism. I do intend to work in some of those great ideas into the story in the future. I hope you have as much.. ahem.. ”fun” reading this as I have had writing it. Thank you for supporting me, you know who you are. K. -See also my SB stories on Gromet's Selfbound pages.-
