---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'The Leather Twins Part 5: The Sisters Embrace'
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- FF-ff
- bond
- leather
- latex
- hobble
- outdoors
- rocking-horse
- toys
- climax
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Leather Twins Part 4: The Next Step & More of the Same**](leather_twins04.html))_

_**Part Five - The Sisters Embrace**_

_**Chapter 9 – The Sisters Embrace!**_

_We had initiated Susan and Amy into individual bondage, but over a cocktail
last night, we had come up with the idea of melding them into a single
tableau.  After a couple of hours discussion, during which the girls
stared at us in horror, Karen and I had things planned to the last detail.
This was going to take some time so we started right after their breakfast
had a chance to settle.  This time we started with Susan while Amy
sat, almost comfortably bound and gagged, where she could watch._

_A heavily boned wasp waisted corset started the outfit and that was
followed, after we gloved and taped her fingers together, by a leather
bondage jacket that we laced down the back just as tightly as possible. 
A wide leather belt went around her waist. Her arms went up her back in
the reverse prayer position and attached to the collar strap.  The
breast cups were laced until only her nipples stuck out and the arm pouch
was tightened down to the point of her elbows.  From shoulders to
waist she was immobile._

_On the table, with the stirrups holding her legs apart, I pushed a large
butt plug in to its full length and held it there while Karen laced her
rosebud shut.  We did the same to her vagina after installing a very
large dildo and then taped over both to prevent any leakage. Latex panties
provided additional protection for the skin-tight kid leather pants we
laced on her legs.  The crotch strap was pulled very firmly in place
and buckled._

_Now we strapped her legs together at several points and worked them
into a single leg ballet boot.  We took turns pulling on the laces
until the edges touched and there was not a wrinkle in sight in the leather. 
Bending her legs at the knee I put my weight on them so that Karen could
take all the slack out of a strap from the boot toe ring to buckle in the
small of her back.  Another strap went around her upper thighs pulling
the calves of her legs flush against the thighs. All this time she had
been grunting and groaning at the pressures we imposed on her body and,
as we started to work on her head and the gag came out, she was pleading
for us to stop.  Of course, we didn’t!_

_Earplugs went in place and the heavy rubber cap covered her hair; I
wedged her mouth open with a brace.  I held her tongue still with
the tongs while Karen used a blunt needle to thread fishing line around
the three bar bell studs in it and lace them to the inside of her lower
teeth.  There was just enough play left in her tongue for her to swallow
her saliva. I filled her mouth with a large leather gag and Karen again
used more fishing line, fed through the holes in her teeth, to lock her
jaws together over the gag.  A piece of soft leather went in to cover
the teeth and I held her lips as Karen, this time using thin leather stands
laced them together.  A wide piece of tape covered the job._

_We inserted the hollow nostril plugs and laced on a kid leather discipline
helmet with opening only at the eyes and under the nostrils.  The
collar laced to the top of the body garment and a gag strap went over the
mouth area to be buckled at the back of her head. There was another process
in Susan’s bondage before she was ready for the final position but before
we did that we needed to get Amy to the same point.  We lifted Susan
to the floor and went for her sister.  Having already done it once,
we soon had Amy just as tightly bound and, just as helpless._

_Since Amy was on the table we went ahead with the next step.  Using
some small coloured needlework beads and tweezers, we fed them on to several
of her eyelashes and then used a second small hole in each one to lace
her eyelids to the eyeholes of the helmet. Susan’s eyes got the same treatment
and as we continued with their bondage we occasionally gave the eyes a
squirt of very finely misted spray to keep them lubricate because they
were unable to blink._

_We had fitted a metal bar between the two floor to ceiling posts and
we moved Amy over to it.  There was a leather pad on the floor and
we positioned her knees on that and strapped her to the bar that was at
her waist level.  Susan joined her on the other side of the bar. A
wide strap went around their doubled up legs melding the front of their
leather-covered thighs together.  We fed a ring through Amy’s right
nipple and joined it to Susan’s left; the other two were also connected. 
Another strap around their upper bodies crushed their chests together._

_We had to use needle nosed pliers but managed to get two small gold
rings through the holes in the sides of their nostrils so the tips of their
noses were touching.  Another strap ran from the back of Susan’s collar,
over their heads and buckled at the nape of Amy’s neck. Another squirt
of moisture for their eyes and the video camera recorded this classic piece
of leather bondage.  As their bodies adjusted we tightened any strap
that showed even a tiny bit of play. Tongues attached to their teeth, mouths
full of leather, lips laced closed and taped; they were bound, strapped
and held as tightly as we could conceive._

_Not wishing to risk damage to their eyes, after the video record was
made, we released their heads enough to tilt them back and remove the beads. 
This was managed without damaging their eyelashes and, as they closed their
eyes in relief, we strapped on padded leather blindfolds.  Pushing
their heads forwards so their chins were resting on the others left shoulder
we ran straps around at eye level and over their gags, locking the heads
together. It was hard to believe that we would be able to top this display
but, given enough thought, anything was possible._

_**Chapter 10 – A Nice
Walk and a Wild Ride!**_

_Early in the morning, after we had them showered and fed, we dressed
Amy fairly comfortably albeit with inserts front and back.  A crotch
strap held them in place and she also wore a leather bra and tightly laced
corset.  High-heeled thigh boots matched the skintight, high-necked
red leather dress and its wide belt but were mostly covered by the hobble
skirt. Tight gloves kid covered her hands and forearms and we simply strapped
each wrist to the sides of her belt.  A temporary gag completed this
stage and we sat her on the couch where she could watch us getting Susan
into a matching outfit._

_Side by side on the couch we brushed their hair until it shone then,
while I held Amy’s head, Karen forced a rubber-covered 5” long bit in her
mouth and used the holes in her teeth to wire them so they clamped on the
bit.  We did the same to Susan and then finished their faces with
lipstick and eye makeup. Big, gold dangling earrings and gold studs in
each side of their nostrils made them very attractive and we fitted wide
brimmed red leather hats on their heads tying the ribbons snugly under
their chins._

_Making them stand side by side we released Susan’s right wrist and locked
it to the right side of Amy’s belt.  Amy’s left wrist went to the
left side of Susan’s waist.  A short gold chain joined Susan’s left
wrist to Amy’s right behind their backs.  They stood there looking
just like a pair of loving sisters. Living as we did on a large, secluded
piece of land, their treat for the day was going to be some fresh air. 
We hooked a pair of reins to each bit, one set for me and one for Karen,
then prodded them towards the patio doors and out into the gardens._

_There was some moaning around the bits as they had their first walk
of any length in the ultra high heels and, of course, the inserts were
working inside them.  Strolling behind them Karen and I kept them
moving with an occasional touch of the crops we carried and directed them
with the reins. The sleek leather dresses rippled as they walked and they
made a beautiful sight.  Karen had brought the video camera to record
the outing and used it as we moved around the garden path.  There
were a couple of trees that might be fun to use one day but for the time
being we took them twice around before directing them back to the house
to get ready lunch._

_Strapping them into their own chairs we removed the tooth wires and
bits to feed them as we ate our own meal.  Karen explained to them
that as they had just “enjoyed” a pleasant morning their afternoon would
be spent in a much more active form of activity.  In fact we were
going to see how often we could get them to orgasm. Susan looked almost
hopeful but Amy got sullen and then started to swear at us.  That
resulted in them both being severely gagged.  Naturally we took Amy
first and stripped her naked, even removing the inserts.  The beautiful
dress was carefully hung away and then we laced her into a neck to waist
leather jacket._

_Forcing her arms up between her shoulder blades we strapped them in
place and then laced the arm pocket shut.  A large butt plug was installed
and we taped it over before working her legs into a pair of skintight leather
pants with an opening at the crotch. Lacing on a pair of high-heeled boots
we led her over to one of two grocery store rocking horses we had found
at auction and adapted for our use.  With one of us on each side we
each grabbed an ankle, wrapped our arms around her waist, and lifted her
into the saddle._

_This saddle had two horns.  The regular one, plus a large leather
dildo that we had attached at just the right angle to slide halfway inside
her.  We settled her in place and used straps across each thigh to
hold her in place as we locked her feet in to the stirrups.  We had
the bar of the stirrups under the instep of the boot, not at the toe, and
she was taking some of her weight on them to stop the second “horn” going
in for its full length._

_Now we worked on her head until there was a proper gag in her mouth
along with earplugs, nostril inserts and a tightly laced leather discipline
helmet connected to the head of the jacket.  We belted a light brown
buckskin riding skirt around her waist and a matching, armless fringed
jacket about her upper body. To top off the outfit I settled a leather
Stetson on her head with the strap tight under her chin.  The gag
she had earned at lunch was reinforced with an extra strap.  She was
struggling to hold herself off the dildo with her legs but then her eyes
went wide as she saw what was in my hand._

_I slowly put the 25c coin in the slot and the machine started its familiar
motion. With no arms to help or balance her, and with the continued rocking
of the horse, the pressure on her knees was too much and she slowly sank
all the way into the saddle.  50c later she was moving with the machine,
head thrown back and eyes closed. The moans were pleasure, not pain and
we had found her weak spot. Susan practically helped us get her ready for
the second horse that was set up facing her sister.  By the end of
the afternoon Karen and I were out of quarters and Amy and Susan were exhausted
so it was time for all of us to go to bed!_

_15.05.06_

_o0o_

_story continues in [**The Leather Twins Part 6: A Sister Sandwich**](leather_twins06.html)

o0o
