---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Fucktoy
authors:
- Suck Slut
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- bond
- bdsm
- wrap
- oral
- anal
- toys
- cons
- X
---

My wedding was simple and uneventful as was my honeymoon. My now husband and I had dabbled in bondage before getting married. It got to the point that we did write a contract so that I could not pull the “I’m too tired” bit. On our honeymoon we did some light bondage but nothing too serious. Things changed on our way home though.

My husband informed me that he had a few surprises for me when we got home. I was excited and could not imagine what they possibly could be. We got home late and he decided to way until the next day to give me the surprises.

The next day he told me that since we were now married that our contract would have to be revised and it would be a life long contract just as our marriage is. He had already drafted a contract and had me read it.

**Life Long Contract of a Fucktoy**

I \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ agree to be the fucktoy of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

As his fucktoy I relinquish all rights and privileges as I am just an object, another piece of furniture in his house to be used when, where, and how he pleases. My duties as a fucktoy are listed below.

Morning

Every morning I must wake a few minutes before my owner and give him a blowjob before he goes to work or, on weekends, before he gets up for the day.
I must prepare his lunch while he gets ready.

Day

During the day I must go to work and the gym.
Once home I will strip my clothes off and put my collar and gag on immediately. I must also adorn myself with whatever else my owner has specified. Naked if no specifications. I will also wear my highest heels so if he bends me over to fuck me I will be at the perfect height.
At home I am not allowed to wear clothes unless specifically chosen by my owner.

Evening

Once home from work I must complete my daily chores (which will be determined by my owner) and make dinner.
Everything must be done by 7:00 pm. At which time, I must be kneeling on the floor to wait for my owner.
My owner will decide at this time whatever privileges he believes I deserve that day.

Body

My body is his to do with whatever he wants. All holes are for him to use as he sees fit.
I must keep myself well groomed and hairless at all times.
As I am just an object, I may not speak unless my owner requests a response.
I may not cum without his permission and due to the above rule, I may not ask to cum. My body is for his pleasure not mine.
When we go out, I must wear whatever he chooses.

His Pleasure

As his fucktoy I must give him oral a minimum of twice a day. During menstruation, he will receive oral 3 times a day.
When he comes in my mouth I may not spit it out or swallow until he gives me permission.
On top of the oral twice daily, he must use another hole at a minimum of once daily except during menstruation.
My owner will give me one day off a week.

If any of the abovementioned rules are broken my owner may punish me however he deems fit.

If I cum without permission, I will not be allowed to cum for a minimum of 60 days.
If I miss any days of service to him due to sickness, I must keep track of how many pleasures I owe him and make them up. I will still endure punishment for missing days.
If I miscount how much I owe him, he will double the correct number.
I have 30 days to make up all missed pleasures.
My owner reserves the right to punish me however he would like at a minimum of once daily to remind me of my status.

This contract can be changed by my owner at any time.

As I am just an object to be used, I do not deserve a name. Just as a coffee table has no name, neither shall I. I shall just have a title.

My new title, as chosen by my owner is Suck Slut.

My owner will be referred to as Master when required to acknowledge him.

Upon signing this contract, I will be owned by Master and must follow this contract in its entirety as his fucktoy.

Fucktoy Signature: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Owner’s Signature:­­­­­­­­­­­­­­\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

And so I signed the contract that day. Once I signed the contract my owner told me to get dressed for he had another surprise for me. He drove me to a tattoo parlor and I was very nervous since I had no tattoos and I had no idea what he wanted to do. Apparently he had prearranged this visit knowing I would sign the contract and had already told the artist what he wanted tattooed.

I was told to take my jeans and underwear off in front of everyone. I blushed crimson and started to refuse but my Owner was holding the contract I had just signed. I was not allowed to see what the tattoo was until he was completely done with it. This is the tattoo I ended up with on my clean shaven pussy.

FuckToy\* ©
Model: Suck Slut

\*Best if used two holes are used twice daily and punished once daily

And I was permanently marked as his forever. The tattoo artist also informed my Master that they do piercings and if he wanted to, they could pierce my labia twice on each side and put small rings in the holes. That way, the artist said, my Master could put something in my pussy and use a small padlock to lock it in there. The artist told him that I would still be able to go to the bathroom this way without making a mess. My Master decided to do this as well since the artist liked my tattoo so much and was willing to throw the piercings in for free.

We then went home and my Master asked if I was ready to begin being his toy. I thought it had already begun but boy was I wrong. I nodded and he informed me that I had already broken one rule by still having my clothes on and not having my collar or gag on. I immediately stripped but it was too late… I was to be punished. He locked me in the doggy style stockade and inserted a new butt plug into my virgin asshole. He then put a breather penis gag in my mouth and locked it in. With only one hole left, he fucked me hard until he came all over my back and then inserted a new very large dildo and locked my new rings so that I could not try to push it out. He turned the vibrator on low so as to just tease me and went into the bathroom. He came out with some eyeliner and wrote on my forehead the word SLUT. He then took pictures of me so that my computer screen saver and wallpaper would be full of reminders of what I really am. At this point it was late at night and he went to bed informing me that I will be spending many nights bound motionless however he desires and it will be a long time before I will be allowed to sleep in his bed.

The next morning he woke, took out my gag and face fucked me until he came. He pulled out just enough for it to land on my tongue. He reminded me I am not allowed to swallow until he gives me permission. He then put the gag back in so that I could not swallow it if I tried. He then unlocked me to let me use the restroom.

When I returned, he put ankle and wrist cuffs on. He locked my wrists in front of me so I could still use them. He then tied my feet so I had about 1 ft of rope to walk around the house and told me it was time to do my chores. He then handed me the chore chart and I got to work. At 7:00 pm I was kneeling and waiting for him. He uncuffed me and took everything off and out of me. At that point he gave me permission to swallow the cum he had deposited in my mouth hours before. He told me to go take a shower as we were going out.

On our way to wherever we were going, my Master told me he was taking me to a local bondage club. As I had never let him fuck me in the ass because I believed him to be too big, he decided to take my anal virginity at the club with as many onlookers as were interested. He said he had reserved a private room but had flyers put up informing people of the show and that they could pay to watch. Depending on how much money I made, would determine how gentle he would be and how many times he would take my ass. Also, to get some audience participation, he was going to let them fondle, grope, or spank me.

That night was one of the longest nights I ever had experienced. My Owner met many people at the club and has decided that some of them should get to know me better. I made enough money that night that my Master only fucked my ass 3 times but then he let others take dildos and fuck my ass too. Many people liked my tattoo. One lady was wondering if she could borrow me at some point. My Master said that it would be an interesting idea to entertain.

The money I made that night went towards more items my Master was interested in using on me. His favorite purchase was this Humiliator gag that has all these attachments. He makes me wear it with corresponding attachments like a floor sweeper or dish scrubber, depending on my chores for the day. He got one attachment which was a huge dildo. He said that one day he was going to make me use it on a woman as I have no interest in ever being that close to a woman.

The first few years of my contract were the hardest. It took about 3 years for me to be allowed to sleep in the bed but even then he would fill all my holes as a true slut should be and then plastic wraps me so that I can make no movement whatsoever. This always poses the problem in the morning when I am supposed to suck his cock. I have to wiggle and roll to get in the position and just nudge his cock with my head until he wakes and takes out my gag.

On weekends, I am usually bound with all my holes exposed and only given a couple of bathroom breaks a day. He’ll keep me blindfolded and occasionally put headphones with music on so I can’t hear him. He then just comes and fucks me and leaves. He usually lets me cum at most once a month. The longest I have gone without and orgasm is one year. It was one of his worst punishments. I got home late and had not done my chores and was trying to play with myself. He caught me, stuck a vibrator in my pussy and ass. He turned them on high, gagged me so tightly no noise could escape. He then mummy wrapped me and blindfolded me. He told me to keep track of the number of orgasms I have. He then left me for the whole night, approximately 8 hours. I did not know he recorded me all night long. In the morning he asked how many times did I orgasm. I told him 3 times. Then he turned the recorder on and made me watch and count with him. He counted at least 6 times. Six times by 60 days a piece equaled 12 months. Those were the hardest 12 months because most every night he would lock a vibrator in my pussy and keep it at low. In that whole year, he never fucked me in my pussy either. My ass was very sore every day from him fucking me so often.

We just celebrated our 5 year anniversary. As a present he took me back to the tattoo artist and asked him to pierce my nipples and clit as well. He then attached a connecting chain to all three piercings. The chain had a circle where the three directions met. He then attached a leash to it and led me out to the car. Now he likes to lay me down on the floor and attach the leash to the ceiling stretching my nipples and clit upward. He’ll bind my arms behind me and lock my legs in a spreader and uses a crop to smack my pussy.

My computer photo album has gotten rather large now and he has even started posting some of the pictures online. So far, everyone’s favorite picture is of the tattoo. One day, he says I won’t have to work anymore. With that possibility I think I will completely forget how to talk as I am always gagged at home. Then I will truly be just another piece of furniture. Especially when he throws parties at our house… he is always looking for fun new ways to display me so that I may be tortured by his guests.

This is my life as a fucktoy.

00.07.08
