---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Self Mummification
authors:
- Guitou
tags:
- Technique
- Sb
- mum
---

It is a history truth that I had him there to one year already. It is
the first that I write and I hope that her you enjoy. I am French and forgiven
me if the translation is not very good. If you like, contact me: guitou@infonie.fr

Technique:

I constructed a big adhesive leaf (2m x 1,5m). For it I used a complete
roller of adhesive ribbon that I joined strip by strip between distant
two posts of two meters and regaining every passage of a good centimeter
on the five centimeters of large of the roller. I wove this leaf therefore
on a height of 1m50, I can applied other strip of my roller across this
canvas to solidify it so that strips don't separate himself if I tried
to bend me in two. Once my finished work, I took off my leaf finely of
the two posts and put him over to dish sticky face on the on my bed (a
bed of two no one grant I had withdrawn sheets and cover).

I can got ready for the next stage. I undressed myself completely and
I enveloped myself completely in the movie cellophane. First each leg separately
then my body with shoulders, in short the head while taking care to make
a hole to the level of the mouth.

I didn't want to gag me because I knew that I risked to need to breathe
comfortably and I don't have confidence in my nostrils. Finally, I rolled
up each of my arms with the roller of cellophane until the height of wrists
because I needed my hands again. I slipped a thick piece of moss between
my knees and my ankles and I began to envelop my legs between them with
an adhesive ribbon roller while tightening moderately. I began to the level
of foot fingers until my shoulders in very contiguous spireses. He/it became
me difficult to remain up, but I was not able to no pleased to sit down,
this cocoon having rigidifié my joints. A good balance was required.
I continued with the adhesive ribbon around my head, taking very care to
not tighten. It also had for goal of good to fix the cellophane so that
this one doesn't slip later under the perspiration and comes to obstruct
my breathing. I don't have no more covered my eyes that would be me later
useful. Finally, I covered my hands of thin latex gloves and sealed the
all to my arms covered of cellophane with the adhesive ribbon. My cocoon
arrived to term and was perfectly insulated. Only my arms were now free.

Arrive now the hour of truth, the stage of no return. I displaced myself
to bell feet, using my arms to keep the balance until the side of the bed
or I had placed the element that will jail me completely.

That East that I need to see what happens because I had to lie down
on this sticky leaf that had to not pass the height of my shoulders. The
leaf had to position himself of my shoulders until put calves. After having
verified the alignment well, I didn't have anymore that to roll up me in
this one taking care of good to apply my arms the long of the body. The
weight of my body crushing the leaf on the mattress made that the least
asperity was immediately paste, letting no game of movement possible of
my arms. More of a tour were necessary, the leaf himself paste over it
herself.

Of this fact, I was wrapped completely, prisoner, arm against my body
covered of this adhesive leaf.

I had foreseen to take no tool to free me on me voluntarily even. The
first cocoon of my legs and torso, followed this second envelope over to
the of my arms and legs made that he/it was me nearly impossible to move.
My excitation grew at the same time as an intense pleasure wave invaded
me. It was me very difficult to stand good to the middle of the bed in
order to not to fall later of this one following my uncontrolled movement
of excitation to come. Because the cocoon was outside very smooth and slipped
such a soap on the mattress.

The exit:

The idea was to succeed in standing up after having pierced of my fingers
this leaf to be able to reach a knife placed on a table close to my bed. 
But he/it was me impossible to pierce this envelope because my palms
of hands were plated and paste against my body and my gloves of latex fixed
my fingers to the superior envelope. It was first necessary that I can
return my hands in order to scratch with my fingers the adhesive ribbon
that surrounded me. I was not able to no pleased to stand up or to bend
me, the fact to have to the previous makes an adhesive ribbon cocoon since
my fingers of feet until my shoulder, more my arms fixed to my body by
this duplicate cocoon rolled up around me prevented to bend me sufficiently
to be able to sit down on the side of my bed and thereafter to tempt to
put me up in position to catch the indispensable tool to my liberation.

My arms acted as of guardians the long of my body preventing all bending.
I must confess that I have somewhat panicky, it's a good thing I had not
gagged myself, because panic asks the need to breathe a lot, seen that
my thorax was somewhat compress by this duplicate cocoon. Him my been necessary
to a lot of cold blood in order to calm me and to take a slower breathing,
I even shouted, trying to alert I don't know that, but I knew that no one
could get along, what aggravated my anxiety.

He/it only remained me to try to transfix this plastic gluing desperately
in order to be able to slip there outside my fingers, then to try to enlarge
this opening so that in short my hands are free. But I didn't always manage
to move my adherent hands, gloves of latex made elastic and didn't want
to tear itself/themselves.

My arms were useless and didn't move an one millimeter. My salute was
in the strength of my finger tip to displace itself/themselves sufficiently
to be able to tear the latex. Hardest was for the small fingers that were
stuck between my basin and the outside cocoon. Me successful finally to
displace my hands, but I could not touch my two hands together, what would
have facilitated me the task difficult to pierce my envelope.

I needed a lot of effort again to pierce this envelope, but the hole
was ridiculous and would not be able to anything never to catch this manner
to the outside. I was exhausted, the fear to remain stuck increased my
tentatives progressively. I shouted again and in vain, I had closed windows
and I knew that there was not anybody outside. I reassembled all my available
strengths and pulled as much as I been able to enlarge the small opening.
Strips that I had glued across my canvas filled their role and gave back
the difficult escape. To the tip of several tests, me successful nevertheless
gradually to widen the hole and in short to be able to slip there my hands.

He/it is astonishing, to what point to have his/her/its free hands give
you more of confidence.

Yet, all was not won, I was always prisoner, I hurt more and more in
my thorax because my lungs wanted more of space and my arms collapsed now
against my coasts. Efforts that I had just produced incited me to breathe
such a marathonien that has just finished his/her/its race, I had the impression
to choke and my lungs could fill themselves in depth owing to the tightening
of my first cocoon.

Now I had to spend to the second stage of my escape, that is to say
to put me up in spite of this rigid and slippery cocoon that forces me
in the absolute immobility. He/it was me always impossible to stand up
and my tentatives always ended up sending back me to the point of departure,
that is to say stretched out on my bed.

My feet wrapped wholes by the smooth adhesive ribbon slipped on the
carpet. I didn't have any supports to be able to block my feet and to straighten
me up in position. Besides, I didn't always have enough suppleness and
was not able to no were pleasing to be held in seated position, because
it cut me in addition the necessary breath to efforts that I had to provide.
To say that to every time that I am free, I dream to be in such a situation.
But once I am wrapped, I only think about a thing, it is to free me, a
true paradox.

But veiled, I am in hot the, I perspire like a sponge taking out water,
my arms and my thoraxes make me pain, I lack cool air and I am afraid to
slip of my bed and to find again lying on the carpet of where him would
be me surely very difficult to succeed my escape. If I had not made all
these efforts to try to escape my own jail and if someone was close to
me, I could have benefitted to best of this troublesome situation and benefit
fully of my fantasizes. Instead of it, I lost all this time that could
have been the pleasure to try to free me. Not being able to remained more
as this, I tempted the all for the all, to the risk to fall and to find
again on this cursed slippery carpet.

I played the swing, taking more and more impetus to every movement in
order to stand in seated position on the side of the bed, feet to nearest
of this one. 
He/it has me was necessary to several tentative evidently, because
my feet slipped and I fell again stretched out on the bed for several interminable
minutes the time to take my breath. I was more and more hot and had tendency
again to panic. Did I believe several times that I would not arrive there
ever and that he/it fails me sooner or later to resign me to remain in
this cocoon, but how long?

Finally, repeating this exercise tiring, I succeeded somehow in putting
me in seated position on the side of my bed, to half crouched down on my
feet. My cocoon pulled strongly to the contrary of my position, wanting
to all price to throw back me on the such bed an elastic to his/her/its
point of rupture. My arms made me very badly and my breath began to miss.
I only have two solutions; either I discourage myself and fall again on
the bed, either I force a last time in order to straighten me. The movement
must be precise, if I lose the balance I would find again certainly stretched
out on the carpet and of so low it will probably be me impossible to recover
my liberty, without counting the discomfort of a hard soil.

Useless to say that my balance was rather unsteady, feet, arm wrapped
whole in a rigid enough plastic cocoon. The first tries was the good, but
only supports of my legs on the side of the bed helped me in this uncertain
position. I forgot to say that he/it was night and only the gleam of the
moon permitted me to see pieces of furniture that surrounded me more or
less. My view was not perfected because my eyes were covered of transparent
cellophane and somewhat steamy by the perspiration.

In fact, only my mouth and my hands were to the free air, but the mobility
of my hands was not no more extraordinary. Before me, to fifty centimeter
was the piece of furniture on which he/it seems me I had seen a cutter
before being carried away. I say well he/it seems me, because I had not
put him deliberately there, but it was now my only hope of salute. Evidently
to reach this piece of furniture, I need to go to bell foot there, even
though there is only fifty centimeter, for me it becomes the fighter's
course. If I fall before, I will need all to restart and especially to
be able to go up again on my bed that will permit me thereafter to rise.

I take my courage to two hands and after having verified my ice-cream
confection well balances on my two rigid legs I launched myself right.
To the second hazardous jump, I stumbled against the piece of furniture
in question and began to search for the knife while holding on somehow
with my hands. A lot of emotions and of cold sweats the time to localize
the either saying knife. I found him after some desperate excavation instants
among all objects that were there. I held him firmly and moved back while
hopping in rear in order to fall again on the bed.

If I had not found the knife, I would have needed to jump to bell-tower
feet through the room until the office, either a course of five meter without
mistake and inside of a collar limiting all movement, but it was the goal
that I had fixed myself if I had not recalled myself that this knife was
very more near. 
I took my breath to new and benefitted my success to grant a small
moment of pleasure.

Finally, I cut up my cocoon, freeing my wrists, gradually then my arms.

There I have of new breathed a little more comfortably and I cleared
my mummified head completely in order to better to benefit air that seemed
me better. 
Later, after a small well deserved rest, I cleared myself completely
and I took a good shower well cold.

Veils for the small history. I made myself a beautiful fright and yet,
I only think about a thing, it is to restart. But this time, I would put
a knife to soil to the case he/it is me impossible, as it to failed to
be the case, to stand up.

This was not my first experience of this type, but it is the one that
gave me the more of emotions. 
As all experiences that risk to be definitive.

guitou@infonie.fr

26/08/01
