---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: First Time Shock
authors:
- Sir Psycho
tags:
- Sbm
- naked
- rope
- chain
- electro
- torment
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2002-11-24 00:00:00
---

This is my first time writing a story, and I’m no great story teller,
but I wanted to recount my best self-bondage experience.

The problem with being a guy into SB is how best to stimulate ones self.
I read so many stories about girls into SB and all the inventive ways they
find to give themselves orgasms, but I’ve never been able to figure out
a way to bring myself off while tied. This is a problem, because the act
of bondage in itself is boring for me. I require some stimulus to make
the experience fun. What excited me about bondage is the thought of being
out of control of something that is happening to you. I don’t just want
to tie myself up and simply wait for release.

What I needed was away to torment myself in a way that was out of my
control.

Having heard about how you can give yourself mild electric shocks using
batteries and a conducting solution made from baby oil and salt, I experimented
with applying shocks to my dick using various battery combination until
I found one that would hurt without being unbearable or causing burns.

Now I wanted to place myself into a situation where I would be forced
to endure the shocks in a way that was beyond my control, for a period
of time, without means of stopping once I was started.

After some thought I came up with the solution.

Firstly I stripped naked, and applied the conducting solution to my
cock and balls. Rubbing oil into these sensitive areas started making me
hard, and I had to force myself to stop, and concentrate on the job in
hand.

Next I set up an ice cube timer with the keys to my handcuffs. I guessed
I had enough ice to last about 1 hour. The string from the keys was passed
up to the centre of the head of my bed.

Having gathered everything else I would need on my bed, I went about
securing my ankles to opposite sides of the foot of the bed using soft
rope. As each ankle was secured my pulse beat faster, and again I had to
resist the temptation to bring myself off there and then.

Next I slipped a metal ring over my cock, and positioned it at the base.
Connected to this on the underside of my dick was a wire, which in turn
was connected to one of the battery terminals.

To make sure none of the connections had come loose, I gently touched
the other wire to the top of my dick, near the head, and flinched as the
mild shock pulsed through it, making it jump.

This second wire was stripped of insulation for the last 15 cm, with
electrical tape insulating the final couple of cm of wire. Now using more
electrical tape I secured the wire so that the exposed part formed an arc
from one hip to the other, the effect being that if I got an erection,
my dick would rise into the wire, completing the circuit and giving me
a shock. As long as I remained soft I would be ok.

Now there was only one last thing to do before locking my wrists to
the head of the bed. I picked up the remote to the VCR and pressed play,
then tossed it onto the floor, out of reach. The tape in the recorder was
a porno, which had fairly long sex scenes followed by the usual “cooling
off” portions of “story line”.

Now, before the real action started on screen, I quickly secured my
left wrist, and after checking the lifeline was in place, passed the chain
around the bar of the headboard and snapped it shut on my other wrist.

Now my heart was racing. The realisation of what I had done sunk in.
However painful this got, I was stuck with it until the ice melted. The
thought of this started sending blood to my crotch, and I watched as slowly,
my dick started inching towards the wire. I concentrated on deep, calm
breaths; trying to get the hard on under control, and just millimetres
from shock my twitching member slowly started lowering back down.

Now the action on screen was starting to heat up. Once again, I watched
as my erection slowly grew. The moaning from the TV really started getting
to me and I knew I couldn’t control myself. The first tingle shot through
my dick making it jump and bounce off the wire. I concentrated again on
my breathing and cleared my head of the sounds from the TV, and, after
a couple more little shocks, I got myself under control. As the action
continued on screen, my dick came close to touching the wire on several
more occasions, but thankfully never made contact, and soon the sex scene
gave way to some “plot”.

However, I knew I was in trouble soon. The next sex scene is one of
my favourites, and I knew that no amount of relaxed breathing would keep
me soft.

As the action unfolded I grew steadily harder. Again, I felt the current
tingle through me. This time the thrill made it grow even quicker. As it
grew, the electrical contact with the metal ring got better and the shock
was even worse. I stained against my ties, but there was no way to get
free.

One thing I had never checked was how painful the shocks would be with
a really tight electrical contact. Now my dick was pressed tightly against
the metal ring I knew this was more than I had bargained for. On top of
that, the ring restricted blood from getting back out of my dick. I thought
I was going to explode. The veins on my dick stood out more than ever before
and I have never felt so hard.

By flexing and relaxing my pelvic floor muscles I could twitch my dick
to gain momentary relief, but then the pain would shot through me again,
making it harder each time to flex away from the wire.

Finally, as my dick came in to contact one more time I climaxed with
more force than ever before. The electricity seemed to make it last forever,
and I felt like I was going to pass out. When fully spent, my dick finally
started to go soft and the contact was broken, ending my ordeal.

Having cum I knew I was safe from any more torment, I now all I could
do was wait for the ice to finally release me… Which gave me time to think
about next time!
