---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Be Careful What You Wish For
authors:
- Mummylicious
tags:
- M/f
- FF/m
- FF
- sleepack
- hobble dress
- caught
- bodymod
- slave
- bond
- chast
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2010-04-06 00:00:00
---

This story was an entry into the 2010 Winter Fetish Story Contest

For as long as I can remember, I have had an interest in bondage, particularly in mummification. My wife really never has been much into the whole deal, but she will indulge me every now and then. On occasion she would let me wrap her up in saran wrap, and at least once she let me put duct tape over the wrap. For all my trying, I couldn’t ever really get her interested in taking it further. She would never let me wrap her up with any vibrating toys, and she wouldn’t let me wrap her head.

One day I decided to let her get even and wrap me up in saran wrap. Much to her dismay, I really enjoyed it. It took several times and a lot of begging, but I finally convinced her to wrap me and duct tape me from head to toe. I had to tell her, however, that if she would do this for me one time, it would fulfill one of my deep dark fantasies and I would never ask her to do it again. Eventually she relented and proceeded to wrap me from head to toe. The feeling was absolutely amazing, but all too soon I started to get too hot and felt ill so she had to release me. I was thrilled and dismayed at the same time. I had finally been completely mummified, but I knew she would never do it again.

The very next day after my wife went to work; I jumped on the computer and started looking for alternatives. Eventually I stumbled across a Darlex sleep sack. I thought it would be the perfect compromise. It would allow me to feel completely bound, yet would be easy and safe enough that my wife wouldn’t mind. The only trouble was the cost. There was no way I could order such a thing without my wife flipping out. If I was employed, she might let me indulge, but with this economy, and without a job there was no way. Her IT job at the hospital paid alright, but not enough for us to splurge on sex toys. Every day I would look at the sleep sack and try to come up with a way to justify one, until one day I got the perfect cover. I found a contest online where the writer of the best bondage story could win a free sleep sack! I didn’t have to win; I just had to tell my wife that I did. I take care of all of the finances so she would never need to know otherwise.

I promptly sat down to write a story so I could submit it, just in case she asked. I knew it wouldn’t be good enough to win, but that didn’t matter. I then promptly ordered a Darlex sleep sack with a hood. While I was on the site, I couldn’t get over the thought of what my wife would look like in a Darlex hobble dress so I went ahead and ordered one of them too. After several weeks, the contest was over and of course I didn’t win. A few days later, however, my goodies arrived. I had to justify it to my wife so I copied the web page and uploaded it to my personal web space. I modified my computer to redirect any requests to the real site over to my own. From the browser standpoint, it would be completely transparent! I modified the page to make it look like my story had won, and that the prize was a sleep sack AND a hobble dress.

Everything was absolutely foolproof. I could not wait for my wife to get home. When she did I gave her a big kiss and told her I had a surprise for her. I told her to go to the bedroom and get naked. She was really hungry so she really did so begrudgingly. I followed her into the bedroom, watched her get naked, and then went to the closet and pulled out her hobble dress. She demanded to know what that was, and why she should ever wear it. I just told her to relax, that I won it in a contest. I begged her to try it on and I would show her. She wasn’t happy, but she trusted me and let me squeeze her into the dress. I zipped up the back and then helped her into her 5” black heels. I took her hair out of the bun that she keeps it in and then walked her in front of the mirror. She even had to admit that she looked absolutely stunning with her hair flowing all the way down to her ass and her 38DD’s compressed tightly in the dress.

I helped her hobble into the office and showed her my fake website. I explained everything and she seemed to believe what I showed her. I told her that I also won the Darlex sleep sack and hood, and that I would love it if she would try that out on me later. She said she would, but she was really hungry and wanted to start dinner. I told her to go ahead but to PLEASE wear the hobble dress while she did so. I told her that if she did she could keep me in the sack as long as she wanted and wouldn’t have to do anything she didn’t want to for the rest of the evening. She wasn’t terribly pleased but she knew I wouldn’t leave her alone until she did it.

I had an absolute blast watching her make dinner. Granted it took forever, but it was worth the wait. She knew it was making me horny as hell. After dinner we headed to the bedroom. I told her that I would really like it if she would make me completely helpless. She smiled an evil smile and went over to our toy drawer. She pulled out my biggest butt plug, a ball gag, and a set of earplugs. She strapped the gag in place as tight as it would go, and then ordered me to install the ear plugs. She then bent me over the bed, lubed up my butt plug and rammed it home quite un-lovingly. It was a little painful, but it only served to make me even hornier. She helped me step into the sleep sack and secured my arms. She zipped it most of the way up and then grabbed the hood. She pulled it over my head and secured it, then zipped the sleep sack the rest of the way up and I was suddenly completely helpless. She shoved me over onto the bed and proceeded to kick off her heels and remove the hobble dress.

While I was in absolute bliss she turned off the light, left the bedroom, and shut the door. She went about cleaning up the mess from dinner, and watched a few TV shows from the DVR. She pulled out her laptop and caught up with her friends on facebook. Eventually, curiosity got the best of her and she decided to read my story. She went to the website and looked for the contest. The site looked the same, but she couldn’t believe her eyes. She saw that my story had actually placed third and was thus entitled to nothing at all. She went into the office and sat down at my computer. She pulled up the website and saw the difference. She got to poking around and found that I had re-directed the page. She then pulled up our online banking site and found where I had actually ordered these items. She was absolutely furious and started to come and let me have it, but she stopped in her tracks as a very evil grin came to her face.

She went and found her purse, grabbed her old college credit card that was only in her name, and headed back to her laptop. Within a few minutes she was finished. She decided to let me stew for a few more hours so she watched everything she had recorded on the DVR. Of course to me, this was still simple bliss. Eventually she came into the bedroom and found me asleep. She carefully unzipped the sack just enough to reach my cock. She started playing with it softly so as to work it up without actually waking me up. She then climbed on top of me and rammed by cock into her pussy and started to ride me in reverse cowboy. Naturally this woke me up and I began to softly bounce her up and down slightly like she likes. She managed to get off before I did, and as soon as she did, she climbed off, zipped me back up, and rolled over to go to sleep.

The next morning she got up, showered, got ready for work, and unzipped me right as she headed out the door. I was eventually able to wiggle my arms out of the sack. Without even bothering to unzip the hood I proceeded to masturbate and brought myself to the best orgasm I had ever had. Maybe it wouldn’t have been so strong had I known it would have been one of my last. I eventually removed my bonds and went about my day. I couldn’t believe how well my wife had taken to being a master, maybe she’s take it a little further. She came home that night and everything was perfectly normal. Neither of us was particularly horny so we just ate dinner, watched some TV and called it a night. I woke up horny, but my wife promised that if I could wait till this evening when she had more time she would make it worthwhile for me.

I paced around the house all day, praying she would put me back in my sleep sack when she got home. After what seemed like an eternity she came home. I met her at the door with a huge kiss. She smiled and asked me if I was ready to have some fun? She practically drug me to the bedroom where she slipped in my gag and cinched it tight. She instructed me to strip, which I did very quickly, my cock already hard and throbbing at the idea of what she had in store for me. She put a blindfold over my eyes and ordered me to lay down on the bed. She grabbed my arms and secured them to the bedposts using our Velcro straps. I can easily get out of them by using my teeth, but with the gag I was quite securely stuck. She pulled my legs to the corners of the bed and secured them, also using Velcro straps. I was now spread eagle, blindfolded, and gagged. My cock was sticking straight up in the air like a flagpole.

She removed her clothes, climbed up on the bed backwards and placed her completely shaved pussy right over my nose and sat down. She wiggled for a few seconds to get comfy and sat there for about 10 seconds. She sat up a little and told me to take a deep breath. I did as I was ordered and she sat back down and began playing with my cock. She worked up a little system, playing with me and sitting for about 45 seconds and then getting up just long enough for me to breath, before plopping back down on my face. It didn’t take long before I couldn’t hold it anymore and simply exploded. As I came she rocked back harder onto my face and stayed there until I thought my lungs were going to burst. She got up slowly and walked out of the room. Normally she lets me go after I cum, but I really wasn’t in a position to complain, or care. After about 5 minutes, I was fast asleep.

As soon as she could hear my breathing settle out, she carefully came into the room with her box of goodies from the car, along with her best friend Sarah, a nurse from the hospital. Sarah very quickly and quietly set up a stand with a bag of fluid. She isolated a vein on my arm and inserted the needle. The sharp prick woke me up, but I was still blindfolded and gagged. I struggled for a minute before I felt my whole body started to go numb and I fell back asleep, this time I wouldn’t wake up until they wanted me to.

“You know he really should have thought it through a little farther. Does he really think I’m that stupid,” said my wife as she started to unpack the box.

“Hey, look on the bright side. At least he’ll be happy, and we’ll be able to relax when we get home from work. The money I’ll be saving on rent should help me a lot, and what I’m paying you will make up for his spending,” said Sarah as she filled up a bowl with water and grabbed a razor blade and shaving cream, “Besides, he asked you to help him live out his deep dark fantasies. The stockings are a nice touch by the way.” With that she proceeded to shave my whole body except for my hair and eyebrows. When finished, she put on a pair of exam gloves, and began to rub a thick cream into my skin.

“He always did hate shaving,” said my wife, “this should certainly take care of that.”

My eyelids felt like they weighed a ton as I tried to lift them. My world was spinning as I tried to figure out what was going on. When the room stopped spinning I was absolutely in shock at what I saw. My wife was cuddled up in bed with her best friend Sarah! I tried to speak and found my mouth was completely full. As my head cleared I was able to take in my whole situation. I could not really move my head, my arms were stuck behind my back, and my legs were held together closely, and although I couldn’t see my feet, I felt like I was being forced to stand on my toes. I tried to scream but all that came out was a simple muffled grunt. All I could do was stand there and realize just how uncomfortable I was until my captors awoke.

After what seemed like an eternity they both rolled out of bed. They didn’t say a word to me as they went into the bathroom and proceeded to shower together. When they finally came back out of the shower they were dripping wet. My wife just smiled at me as she lay down on the bed and started to make out with Sarah. After I had lost count as to how many orgasms they each had, my wife finally laid back and stared at me and began to speak.

“Oh don’t look so surprised sweetheart. You wanted me to help you live out your fantasy. You’ve always had a thing for lesbians so this is just one more step. Sarah here is gonna be taking your place for a while, at least until you pay off your debt. I figured she could help me pay some bills, since you’re obviously not! I figured out your little hoax with the sleep sack, but don’t worry, I’m not angry. Quite the contrary, I’m thrilled and so is Sarah. You see it gives us the chance to live out our dirty little fantasies at the same time you do.”

At this point Sarah chimed in saying, “Yeah, you see I’ve always had a thing for women, and I always wanted a house slave. This way I get both. Of course we did have to spend a little bit more money to make sure you would be a good little boy. Don’t worry, we’ve charged that to your tab, you know the same one you started when you ordered the sleep sack.”

“Since you obviously can’t see your situation,” said my wife, “let me explain it to you. You’ve already noticed the inflatable gag, that’ll only cost you $125. The Darlex armbinder is another $115. You got lucky that we’re so close to the same size, as the hobble dress fits you like a dream, it still cost you $299. Let’s not forget your sleep sack for $199. Oh, well really it would be easier if I just gave you a total at the end! You always wanted me to try a pair of ballet boots, so I got you a set, along with a pair of thigh high latex stockings since I know how much you like to sweat. You have a matching pair of long latex gloves. We couldn’t have you getting having any orgasms so I hope you’ll find your chastity tube comfortable. But just so you’re not left without any stimulation, don’t worry; I got you an inflatable vibrating butt plug too. If you’re really good we might let you have a taste of that. Oh, and so you won’t get all itchy, we’ve chemically stripped all that extra body hair, it won’t be coming back. Sarah, did you have that total ready?”

“Yup! Looks like it comes to some $1394. Now we have to give you a way to pay us back, so we’ll allow you to be our maid. During the day we’ll release you from the armbinder, but don’t worry about trying to unzip the hobble dress, we’ve modified the zipper to be a locking style. You will keep all of our laundry done, you will keep the house clean, and you will make sure we have a hot meal ready when we come home from work. We’ll each pay you one dollar a day that you can put towards your debt. Any day that you do not do all of these tasks will cost you a dollar. There is that pesky matter of you needing to eat though. For fifty cents once a day you can buy your release from the gag for ten minutes so you can eat and drink. Also once a day you’ll be able to pay us another fifty cents and we’ll release you from your dress and allow you thirty minutes to use the bathroom, and shower if you like. You’ll have to hurry though as lacing those boots is quite the bitch, and if you take one minute over your allotted time we’ll dock you a week’s pay.”

“Yeah Sarah covered most of it. Let’s see, what else…. Oh, yeah at night you will be put back into your armbinder, and your gag harness will be chained to the ceiling to keep you from falling over. It shouldn’t take you too terribly long to learn to sleep like that. I almost forgot, on the weekends we’re gonna give you a chance to earn some extra money! We’ve also got a ring gag for you. We intend to go around naked on the weekend, so any time you can position yourself so as to lick one of us to orgasm, we’ll give you an extra dime. Any questions? Good, you’ll start tomorrow! For now you might wanna learn how to walk in those boots. Oh, and don’t bother trying to get out, the doors require a key to leave. We’re gonna go catch a movie and go grocery shopping!”

With that she unhooked my gag harness from the ceiling and walked out of the room. Sarah just couldn’t resist though and felt around on my hobble dress until she could find the bulb and controls for my butt plug. She gave it about a half dozen pumps and put the vibrations on high. She blew me a kiss as she walked out of the bedroom and closed the door behind her. I tried to take a step, but with my arms bound behind my back and with the plug up my ass, my balance was non existent. I stumbled forward and fell on the bed. I was furious but I couldn’t fight the vibrating in my ass. It didn’t take long before I was laying there in tormented bliss, wondering just how much extra money I could make in a weekend.
