---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/girls_game_night5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Girls Game Night
authors:
- nightgerbil
tags:
- F/f+
- fpov
- chastity
- costume
- bond
- ribbon
- gag
- cuffs
- pinwheel
- clamps
- collar
- toys
- rope
- chair
- cons
- X
date: 2025-09-06 00:00:00
---

### Part 5

It had been an extremely long week for me. Hanna hadn’t been joking about her plans last week as she’d hustled me out into the night. I’d been edged repeatedly until I was a needy mess, spanked to tears on a nightly basis and generally tortured in various creative ways. I loved every minute of it!

Now it was Wednesday again and we were meeting up with the girls at Alison's house. Our weekly meetup had originally been just for wine and games, but the last two months had seen it evolve into something far more kinky. I didn’t know where this would all end up, but I’d seen changes in all my friends these few weeks. When I got the chance I planned to talk to them about it!

Pulling up outside Alison's house in Hanna’s car, I had to wait until Hanna let me out of the back. She’d set the child locks on her back doors and they would only open from outside! Letting me out of the car, we found Claire stood waiting for us and Claire's eyes widened as she took in our appearances. Hanna was still dressed in the aged and faded long brown dress that Claire had last seen Hanna in. She had been wearing it all week. It covered her from her chin to her ankles, the checkerboard pattern of two shades of brown and a white lace trim decorated the top of the neck and end of her wrists. It was dirty now and creased. Hanna had clearly lived in it for the last fortnight and I knew that underneath it she wore only the Chastity belt she had been locked into two weeks ago. Hanna at least had made an effort to brush her long black hair and apply some lipstick, but it couldn’t hide the bags under her tired eyes. Nor did it hide the grumpiness or the helpless neediness in her gaze.

Claire strode towards her and they hugged in front of me. Pulling back, Claire looked Hanna in the eyes and said “You look like a picture of misery! Was it that bad to wear?” Seeing the answer to her question in Hanna’s eyes, Claire shook her head and continued on, “Guys please! Please help me tonight! I can’t wear a belt, I’ve just fixed things with Collin! Please…” We both just looked at her and I could see Hanna’s jaw tighten. Claire sighed at her and turned to me. “Hello trouble,” she smirked as she looked over how Hanna had dressed me for tonight.

The whole past week I’d had my waist length brown hair scraped tightly into a sleek and smooth ballerina bun on the top of my head. The perfect immaculate round shape of the bun had no flyaways courtesy of the extreme hold hair glue Hanna had used on it in industrial quantities. It hadn’t moved all day, as its uncomfortable tightness and my itchy scalp tormented me.

She’d put me in a ballerina tutu dress for tonight, its pink skirt floating around my hips and barely covering the chastity belt around my own loins. Its upper brassiere was tightly corseted and ended with its overbust. Over my arms, pink opera style gloves made their way past my elbows, my legs encased in pink tights ended in a pair of pink ballet pointe shoes. Perched on the tips of my toes, I followed her gaze down and looked again at the pink ribbons attached to the back of the shoes. These were wrapped across the top of each foot and then several times around my ankle. If Claire was looking for the knot, I knew she wouldn’t find it. After Hanna had put these things on me yesterday, she’d knotted the ribbon three times then cut away the ends with scissors. What was left of the knot had been tucked under the ribbon and I knew I couldn’t take the shoes off.

Nor could I take off the dress, as the pink ribbon corset laces at the back had been similarly tied and cut. Where there WAS a bow in a knot though was in the pink ribbon she had wrapped 5 times around my neck. The ribbon's bow was undoubtedly cute and its bright pink matched my lipstick, blusher and heavy eyeshadow. Hanna had enjoyed herself making me apply heavy makeup this evening and had “inspected” me at each step. She had used a cane on my butt if I hadn’t applied enough to satisfy her and after repeated strokes I had finally applied sufficient mascara and eyeliner and lip gloss to look and feel absolutely ridiculous. My butt still stung from its punishment, but I couldn’t rub it as Hanna had tied my wrists crossed together in front of me with another length of pink ribbon, this one also tied in a cute pink rosette bow across the top of my hands.

Claire whistled quietly as she gestured for me to spin around for her with one hand. I did, spinning on the toes of one foot, tutu rising in the air and I saw her amused smirk had taken in the details. “Ballet bondage huh?” she grinned, ”Very creative Hanna! How long has it been since we all did ballet together anyway? Highschool? I haven’t practiced since I went to college!”

Hanna shrugged and said “Let's go in. I’m dying to get out of this belt!” Claire moved her head back and seemed shocked as she exclaimed “Wait you're still wearing it sweetie? Why haven’t you seen Ali..” Hanna cut Claire off. “Alison went away for the week and hasn’t been answering my calls. She sent me a message about a work trip, but yes I’m still in the belt.” She raised an eyebrow at Claire then walked past her to knock on the front door. I just shrugged at Claire as she looked at me, then walked past her to stand behind my best friend and followed her in the house as the door opened for us.

It was our turn to be surprised at appearances though as we stepped into the house and walked into Alison’s front room. Our friend had dressed up for us it seems. Alison had dyed her hair black, the same shade as Hanna and was wearing it in the high ponytail that was Hanna’s preferred style! She wore a black latex catsuit with a short zipper over its crotch and a pair of knee high 5 inch stiletto boots. Around her body she’d laced herself into a black leather corset that cinched her waist and as she smiled at us I took in her black lipstick and heavy black eyeliner.. I wondered why she was dressing like Hanna in my dreams?

“Welcome Mistress Hanna!” Alison beamed up at her, before turning to Claire and myself. “Welcome Sluts! You may call me Mistress Alison tonight!” she declared. The grand effect was diminished by her cute giggle afterwards though, as Hanna raised her eyebrows and Claire just laughed.

Moving around Alison and inspecting her outfit, Claire laughed as she said “Sweetie I’m feeling underdressed tonight! How long have you had this catsuit? It looks great on you!”

Alison's reply to Claire was just a narrowed eye glare though, before she turned back to lock eyes on Hanna. “Do you all remember this was my month?” There was anger in Alison’s voice now, as she raised a finger and pointed it at Hanna. “You ruined last week for me!” Alison's finger then moved to me as she continued, “and I know it was you who ruined the week before! I don’t know how you did it, but you did it Marie.” I lowered my eyes at Alison's angry gaze, she was right I had. Alison took a deep breath calming herself then went on. “I am tired of you three not taking me seriously! Now this is MY month and tonight we are going to play edging! Now are you going to do it or are we just calling it off?””

I looked at Hanna and as she looked back at me we nodded together. Hanna smiled at Alison and said “Sure Babes, we will play tonight. If you take this belt off me, we can get started.”

Alison just smirked at Hanna then. “Oh that's not how it's going to work tonight, *Mistress Hanna*… Tonight I have changed the rules and we are ALL going to be edged! Including you! No, don't interrupt me! The key to YOUR belt is in a safety deposit box! If you want to see it next week you will cooperate tonight! Or you can cooperate next week, when I will make you beg on your knees for it! The choice is yours.”

The room went quiet and I was frightened to see the pure fury in Hanna's face. I hadn’t seen her this angry since an ex-boyfriend had cheated on me and left me heartbroken. I didn’t want her doing anything we’d all regret though, so as Alison flinched away from her sudden wrath, I put my bound hands to her face and turned her head to me. She glared furiously into my eyes as I softly whispered “I know,” and then I kissed her. Her lips were pressed together, but yielded to mine and I felt the tension in her slowly drain as she put her hands around my waist and our kiss became passionate. Breaking away eventually we both groaned with need and I knew her pussy was as wet as mine. My clit ached to be touched and I longed to feel her hands in my pussy again. Turning back to Alison I said “We agree to your terms Mistress.”

Claire had watched all this unfold with wide eyes. Alison turned to her and said, “Get naked Slut.” Alison's ponytail bobbed cutely behind her head as she swayed on her heels across the room to a drawer. I watched the effect of her outfit, her tight curves and how sexy she looked. I knew Hanna was watching too and it was turning her on. As Hanna took a firm hold of one of my butt cheeks, squeezing it, I wondered how long it would be before I found myself wearing a similar costume to Alison’s tonight?

Returning across the room, Alison’s hands held up two ball gags, one pink and one red. She handed Hanna the pink one saying “One for yours, one for mine” and turned to Claire. Looking at Hanna I just opened my mouth for her as she stared at me. I could see she was still seething. She just nodded at me though, placing the gag in my mouth and fastening its strap behind my head. Together we watched silently as Alison badgered and cajoled Claire into stripping for her, then she pushed Claire's panties into her mouth before stuffing in the ball gag. I hoped that our friend had worn clean underwear tonight as I winced at the size of the ball gag. Well over two inches, it looked like it took force to wedge it behind Claire's teeth! I wanted to ask Hanna how big she thought it really was, but all I could do was mppgh. Luckily for me the pink one was just a 1.75 inch and was comfortable, but Claire’s looked like an endurance test! Watching Claire's gag be padlocked in place sent another shiver through me as I felt my clit twitch.

Grabbing one of Claire's arms, Alison dragged her across the room to her sun lounger. It was set up like previous weeks, with a set of furry handcuffs attached to each corner. Claire quickly found herself spread eagled on it and locked in place. Alison looked across to Hanna and silently pointed at a leather armchair. The room had been rearranged since last week and now the lounger was placed facing the large flat screen TV mounted on the wall. The leather armchair had been pulled between them, so that the occupant could see both TV and the sun lounger. Opposite the chair, a wooden dining room chair with a small side table was set up. As Hanna sat down in the arm chair I looked confused at Alison. Was the wooden chair for me?

Alison saw the question in my eyes and said coldly “That’s my chair, Slut. You sit with your Mistress.” I slowly walked across the room to Hanna, balanced on my toes in my shoes. It truly had been years since I last practiced dancing and my toes ached with every step towards my Domme.

As Hanna pulled me across her, sitting me in her lap, we watched Alison hum to herself as she walked over to the table and started picking up various toys. It made me nervous watching her. She had clearly been on a shopping spree while she was away this past week. Returning to Claire she started showing her various devices and Claire started thrashing, visibly pulling against her bonds. I could barely hear Claire through her gag though, though her face clearly showed she was screaming. I shifted on Hannas lap, this was scaring me now. I felt Hanna’s hand firmly grasp the back of my neck and she patted my knee with the other as I relaxed against her. I looked on, wide-eyed as Alison turned to us and with a dimpled smile said “I’ll start gently, don't worry Mistress! I won’t hurt Slut if she behaves!”

Alison moved back to her table, before picking up a spiked wheel attached to a handle. Moving over to Claire she asked her “Have you ever felt a pinwheel?” Showing her the wheel, Alison began to move it up and down Claire’s body. First on arms and then her inner legs she went. Back and forth it went over Claire's body, across breasts and stomach as Claire’s frightened eyes gazed at her tormentor. Moving back to the table she picked up a set of new toys and showed them off to all of us. She proudly announced “BEAR CLAWS!” 4 steel claws were attached to a round handle through which she placed her fingers. I watched as she moved back to Claire and watched her shiver as Alison moved the claws over her body. I wondered how it felt as my pussy stirred again. I was getting turned on from this.

Back again to the table, this time I recognised the toy Alison had picked up. A labia spreader, it was essentially a long pair of clamps through each of which one of Claire’s pussy lips was placed. Moving the screw, the spreader opened up, spreading Claire’s pussy open wide and holding her open. I knew this and how it felt of course, because Hanna had used one on me every night for the last week. Holding me open, leaving me feeling both full and empty, pussy desperately trying to clench the intruder that wasn’t there. I’d tried to fuck myself, moving my hips, but all I could ever achieve was to soak the sheets with the unobstructed wetness that free flowed out of my frustrated cramping pussy.

I moaned through my gag at the memory, as I felt the ache in my feet, dull heat from my bottom and the uncomfortable tightness of my hair. Hanna had made me spend yesterday and today on treadmills and practicing dancing in my outfit. I moaned quietly again as my clit throbbed watching Alison clamp Claire’s pussy. With both of her labia tightly pressed in a clamp, Alison turned the screw to its widest point, then put a padlock through it, preventing its closure. I shivered again: Hanna’s spreader didn’t have a lock!

The bear claws and the pinwheel came back into action now, as Alison continued to explore Claire's body with them. Going back to the table she came back to Claire and proudly held up a leather collar! “Look Slut!” Alison declared happily. It has your name on it! I got it especially for you to wear tonight!” Holding it up to us I saw that the black leather collar had “HORNY SLUT” written on it in gold writing. It had a D ring on the bottom at the front and what looked like a locking buckle at the back. She showed it to Claire who silently wailed as it was buckled and then padlocked on her.

Alison, moving back and forth to her table, came back with a pair of nipple clamps attached to a chain. I felt my own legs cross as she held them up over Claire and asked her “You like these Claire? I watched you and Marie play with those clothespins. It looked like you two had lots of fun! Well these are better, look they have teeth! Here I’ll put them on you Slut. Hmm yes that's a hard nipple… ohh don’t flinch! I’ll just thread the chain through your collar… hmmn I think it needs to go through a couple more times. Yes there we are, that's the right length! There you are all done!!” Alison turned around and beaming proudly called over “What do you think Marie? Want to wear nipple clamps like my Slut?” I looked in horror at her handiwork. Claire's breasts were pulled high by the taut chain attached to the wicked looking metal clamps pulling on her stretched nipples. I could see tears forming in her eyes. Didn’t Alison know that was torture?

Alison didn't wait for any gurgled reply from a gagged sub though, as she walked over to her table and came back with one of her high powered vibrators. Plugged into a wall socket the thing was intimidating and I could only imagine how powerful it was. She was focused intently as she ran it over Claire’s pussy, holding down against her clit and then moving it down her spread labia. Her left hand moved around Claire’s loins as she brought the helpless girl close to orgasm. To nobody's surprise Alison turned off the vibrator just before Claire came, leaving Claire glaring bitterly at her through wet tear filled eyes as Alison turned away.

Alison smiled over at Hanna and I as she strode back to the chair and sat down. “My turn now!” she declared, reaching for a remote and turning on the TV. I saw it was a smart TV hooked to the internet, as she scrolled through a browser and entered a porn site. “Really? Now we have to watch porn? Wait, she actually has an account on a BDSM website?!” I thought to myself, as Alison scrolled through a menu.

Selecting a video, she smiled over at us. “This is one of my favorites! I found it last week!” she declared.

The video began with a young woman, sitting on a chair, looking into the camera and telling the questioner she was 23 years old. This was her first porn shoot and she had never tried bondage before. She understood she was staying for three days and that for the duration of the shoot whatever happened wasn’t her call. She looked nervous, a little excited and a little afraid. I didn’t think she looked scared enough, given what she was agreeing too.

The next scene the girl was naked and bent over double in stocks that trapped her head and wrists. Watching her get spanked seemed tame, but it quickly escalated to a flogger and her yelps filled the room. I felt Hanna’s hand squeezing one of my breasts and I shuffled on her lap. Spreading my legs again, I could feel how horny I was. My pussy was woken up again as my dampness seeped through the belt into my tights. My clit ached as we watched the girl on screen being finger banged, before a vibrator was held to her clitoris. Her orgasm was loud and I felt Hanna shaking under me. Listening to Hanna’s short breath as she fondled my breasts I knew she was as horny as I was. Looking over at Alison, I saw that she had undone her crotch zip and was fingering her clitoris.

The scene changed and now the girl was on her tiptoes. Her hands were tied together above her head and she had a large ball gag in her mouth. The Dom walking around her was using a flogger on every inch of her body, turning it all red, but he seemed to pay particular attention to the girl's breasts as she squirmed under his attention. Finally satisfied with the flogger he began using a cane on her bottom and breasts. I winced looking at the impact and wanted to rub my own bruised butt cheeks. Glancing over at Alison I saw her head was tilted back and her eyes half closed as she slouched in the chair. Her hand was moving slower now over her loins, she seems to be alternately finger banging herself, then rubbing her juices on her clit.

On the screen the dom was attaching nipple clamps to the girl. Ropes attached to the clamps were hooked up to the ceiling hauling on her breasts as she squealed through her gag. I wondered if this was where Alison had got the idea for what she had done to Claire's breasts? The Dom went back to using the cane now ordering the girl to stand on one leg. The onscreen girl was clearly having trouble doing so, as it put more weight on her nipples, but the swiftly applied cane to her inner thighs made her obey. The girl was left sobbing by the time the scene ended and the screen went black.

Alison paused the TV then and stood up shuddering. She seemed to have difficulty walking in her heels now as she staggered over to Claire. Looking her over, Alison laughed and announced, “Slut you are *dripping* aren’t you? Look at the mess you are making down there!” The hand she placed between Claire’s legs came up glistening wet and she smirked as she showed it to me and Hanna. I can’t say I was surprised as I felt how my soaked tights were sticking to my legs. My clit was throbbing and I could feel the ache behind my eyes as a week of denial worked on my own mental resistance. I could only imagine Hanna’s suffering at this point.

Alison turned on the vibrator and used it to torment Claire further. It seemed she couldn't hold it on Claire’s clit for more than a few seconds without bringing Claire off, so she held it just slightly away from her clit and watched Claire desperately rise up to rub herself on it. It was fascinating to watch really, as tears streamed down Claire's face as she tried to get up far enough to reach the vibrator with her clit. Alison urged her on, encouraging her to struggle “Nearly there, a little higher! You want to cum? Does Slut want to cum? It's right here, you can do it! No? You don’t want to cum? Ok then Slut.” With that Alison turned off the vibrator and walked away.

Claire slumped helplessly back down on the sunlounger and, watching her weep, I saw how her clamped open pussy was spasming trying to cum. I heard Hanna murmur in my ear “I wonder what video she learnt to do THAT from?” I shivered to myself, hoping Hanna never got to see it. Lord knows she didn’t need any more brutal ideas!

Alison took a long drink from a glass of water from her table and settled back down in her chair unpausing the TV. The next scene showed the girl had been tightly hogtied with rope. She lay on a mat over a concrete floor and as she wiggled before the camera we all saw the full extent of her bondage. Her breasts were bound tightly with a rope harness that had turned those tortured tits purple. Her head was pulled back by a rope tied to her hair. She was ball gagged and her eyes pleaded at the camera. A crotch rope ran between her legs with a clearly visible giant knot over her clit. From behind the camera a voice announced the setting of a 60 minute timer and that if she stopped moving before the beep her tits would be caned.

I had to cross my legs, watching that girl struggle on the mat. Clearly frightened by the threat, she obeyed the order to struggle and in doing so rubbed that wicked knot against her own loins. A strand of hair fell from her head and stuck to her sweat soaked face as the camera moved in to record every minute of her struggles. On and on it went, as I listened to the girls gagged whimpers, Hanna’s ragged breathing and Alison’s soft moans as she edged herself over and over. I felt my own mind drifting as I felt myself in that girl's place. In my mind I was tied as she was, desperately humping that evil knot, MY sweat soaking those ropes. I moaned through my own pink gag, as my bound hands desperately rubbed at my chastity belt trying to reach my rock hard clitoris.

Finally the timer beeped and as the girl on screen gratefully collapsed, Alison paused the TV again. “Let's have a break shall we?” she murmured. I didn’t want to stand up, but Hanna hauled us both to our feet as we stretched. Alison seemed flushed and looking over to her chair I could see it was damp. She had to be just as close to cumming as the rest of us at this point. Moving over to check on Claire we saw the bound girl was trying to hump the air with her pussy. Her eyes glared and pleaded with us at the same time, but all I could do was helplessly shake my head looking down at her.

“Those clamps are all locked,” Alison said tiredly. “The keys to the collar, the cuffs, the gag, the nipple clamps AND the spreader are all upstairs in a safe. I’ll unlock her tomorrow.” I gasped to myself, horrified that Alison intended to leave her like that overnight as Hanna frowned at her. Looking over at us Alison sighed again. “My plan is nearly done Mistress Hanna!” Alison's words sounded like a preplanned speech, having been half forgotten with fatigue. I wondered how many times she’d gone through this in her own head this last week? Had tonight been everything she’d dreamed of? “If you uphold your end of the bargain Mistress Hanna, then I shall uphold mine for what is a Mistress who does not keep her word?”

I rolled my eyes at that, but Hanna was intent as she listened to Alison. “I’m too close to my edge now, we are going to have to wrap this up.” Alison continued on, “as I said at the start we are all going to be edged tonight. Well, unless you want to let your Slut cum, that's not my business. Mine isn’t allowed to though, neither are you, and neither am I.”

Hanna eyed Alison thoughtfully and asked her “So what do you want to do next, babe?”

Alison winked at her and replied with a smile, “Why, tie me up Mistress Hanna, then unpause the TV. My bed upstairs has clean sheets and you are both welcome to use it. Untie me in the morning and I’ll unlock my Slut. Don’t make my slut cum though, or the deal is off!”

Hanna narrowed her eyes at Alison. “So just tie you up and release you in the morning and you’ll unlock this belt next week?” Seeing Alison's nod, Hanna agreed and Alison sauntered over to her chair. She was humming to herself as wiggled her cute tight butt in those heels at us. I knew Hanna was watching every bit of it.

Reaching her table Alison reached onto it and showed us two Geisha balls, the round steel connected by a short chain. Pushing them into her wet pussy, Alison zipped up her catsuit and nodded at Hanna. “I’m ready, Mistress!” she declared as she handed Hanna a felt bag. I thought I detected nervousness now and maybe second thoughts, but Hanna had clearly had enough and was done playing games.

Reaching into the bag she found more than enough rope to restrain our errant friend and very quickly tied her to the chair. Rope around her waist, above and below her breasts sealed Alison to the chairs back, while ropes around her thighs welded her to the set. Cinched rope above and below her knees and around her ankles had her legs bound together. The ankle rope had a trail from it that was used to pull those heels of hers off the ground underneath the chair. Alison’s arms had been bound in the strictest armbinder tie I had ever seen Hanna use. Her elbows and wrists were touching as they lay down the chairs back and ropes bound her arms to the back of the chair. I would have protested, this was far too strict a tie for a novice, especially overnight! I was gagged though and besides Hanna was clearly NOT feeling merciful! I guess the idea of yet another week in chastity had really pissed her off!.

Hanna narrowed her eyes again as Alison tested her bonds and quickly found she was helpless. I watched Hanna with curiosity though, as she walked over to the drawers where Alison had retrieved the gags from earlier. I heard her snort as she rummaged through it, then came back behind Alison out of her sight. Holding it up to me, she showed me the penis gag she had just found. It was short work to pinch Alison's nostrils close and shove it into her mouth. Strangely though, she didn’t appear upset as she gazed up at us from the chair. I reached up to her hair and with my bound hands pulled two pieces of hair from the front of her head out of her ponytail and left them to hang down in front of each of her eyes. Alison just gazed at me as Hanna nodded her approval. She turned on the TV, back to another porn scene and the two of us walked out of the room hand in hand, leaving them to it. I tried to avoid meeting Claire's helpless gaze: there was nothing I could do for her tonight.

Walking upstairs together Hanna supported me as I struggled in my ballet shoes and I was grateful to finally sit on the bed that we had been promised. Looking up at Hanna I was shocked to see the giant wet patch on the front of her dress! I had soaked it with my needy pussy. Hanna looked at me looking at it and snorted with amusement. “I know, it's the same on the back, but that's all mine!” She took the dress off as she continued, “You were a good girl tonight Princess. I’m proud of you. Now come here.” So saying she put me over her knee and through the wet tights stuck to my legs by my own juices, she spanked me to tears (again).

Curled up afterwards on the bed, I remained fully clothed and gagged with my hands tied in front of me and Hanna held me as we both cried ourselves to sleep. My pussy, like my bottom, was on fire! I could only speculate what next week's girls night would be like…
