---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The White Horse
authors:
- S.M.Ackerman
tags:
- FM-f
- D-s
- ponygirl
- tack
- harness
- boots
- whip
- cart
- display
- public
- cons
- X
date: 2013-10-05 00:00:00
---

My name is S. M. Ackerman. This is by way of an introduction to my work. Specializing in bdsm, self bondage, Fem/Dom and all its facets, with some pony play & spanking thrown in for entertainment at times, all told in I hope a good rollicking good story. Current book titles published by Pink flamingo:

Madam in Attendance, (a personal diary). Chloe& Me, A New Life. Also, The Erotic adventures of a 20th Century Lady, by Penelope Drops. With others coming soon mainly : The College of which this is just a little taster to a wide ranging story.

For S.M.Ackerman books and free stories see the sites below.
[www.pinkflamingo.com](http://www.pinkflamingo.com)
[www.eroticbooknetwork.com](http://www.eroticbooknetwork.com)
[www.freeeroticstoriessite.com](http://www.freeeroticstoriessite.com)

**The White Horse**.

The day was fast approaching, the holiday time had nearly arrived and I was packed. Packing had been simple as always, a single small bag with my essentials for returning home, I would need nothing else. The college was a place of meaning to me, a place I spent as much time in as I could, always held firmly and under the whip. The Madam I would report to was a bitch, a tough no nonsense bitch who would as soon flay me, her pony girl as drive me hard & fast around the grounds. My guardian was a dirty old man, a groom whose aim was to use us the ponies in his care effectively and also present us in perfect stature whenever Madam or her guests required.

He took me out of my stall, he dressed me in the finery of a trapping pony and harnessed me to a rig, then he led me outside and clipped my fettered self to a tether point and left me with a swat to my mostly naked bottom. My hoof-boots stamped at the ground digging little holes in the gravel, my head shook as my breath frosted in the early morning coolness. I waited wondering what was going to happen. The carriage was a lightweight one designed for long distance trapping or racing.

I stomped and snorted trying to drive heat into my body as the gravel behind me crunched loudly. Someone was arriving. The carriage behind me rocked, the whip cracked, I pulled back wondering had they forgotten the tether? They had not, the groom had left it so that a simple pull separated it from the post and me. I turned pulling hard trying to overcome the gravels resistance. The wheels turned I moved forward leaning into the chest harness, feeling the pull against my hips as I moved off. The whip cracked to my left I sheared right heading towards the track-way, passing by the stables and on onward. I was free a pony girl about her business.

She sat looking down the pony looked perfect just as she would expect, the groom had done a fine job. The white flesh covered in suitable places by white leather looked stunning; the thighs driving the carriage forward were working well and had a glistening reflection of the early morning sunlight. Her buttocks held and displayed were moving in perfect rhythm as the pony girl trod the roadway. Madam was pleased and soon she would be even more pleased as she drove the pony and its carriage towards the main entrance.

\* \* \* \* \*

“One coffee please to take away.”

Madam sat upright not leaning towards the speaker of the drive through restaurant, her pony stood still and out in the real world for the first time; helpless, restrained and driven she had brought her Madam to this place. The fear of being arrested filled the pony’s thoughts, she did not know that she was not breaking any laws, she was decently covered where it was needed and so was nothing more than a slut beneath the whip to the few people she had trotted by.

Madam knew and understood, she also knew that the pony would be on one level becoming aroused by her predicament on another she would be terrified, but pleasingly she had not resisted departing from the college grounds out onto the road and from there to the drive through.

Madam smiled sweetly as a young girl handed her a sealed coffee cup. The girl was obviously fascinated by the pony; Madam looked down saying, “Pretty isn’t she.” The girl nodded dumbfounded but clearly interested. Madam made a note of the girls name taking it from the badge she wore, perhaps a guest invite would be in order, she liked showing the younger generations the ways of the world they would rarely see.

Madam placed the coffee in a holder designed to secure it and took up the whip, with a cheery goodbye she cracked the leather above the ponies head and they departed. The girl’s eyes bore into the back of Madam's driving jacket as the carriage returned to the road and onward towards home and the long day ahead.

That was one she would be seeing again soon, perhaps tomorrow morning when she drove her pony down to get her coffee.

The End.
