---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Madam
authors:
- Strand Ankler
tags:
- Solo-M
- F/m
- madam
- bond
- rope
- gag
- bfold
- femdom
- foot
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-03-30 00:00:00
---

A business friend introduced me to the - how should I say it politely - "massage parlor." I visited twice, and enjoyed both times, but something was missing. Being bound, as I had often imagined but had never experienced, being too shy to introduce a subject which I thought might be taboo.

The girls furnished to me by the madam were both pretty and fairly good sexually, as I reported to the madam after the encounters and before I left. Then, gaining confidence from the friendly, understanding behavior of the mature but not really old madam, I hesitantly mentioned my need to be rigorously tied up, with all the trimmings - gag, blindfold, teasing tortures.

I was in my late twenties at the time, and the madam I took to be in her forties, but in great shape. The time this question was asked by me, it was an afternoon instead of evening, and the madam was dressed casually in workout gear: tank top, shorts, sneakers - totally un madam-like, but just the thing for me.

After I had mentioned to her my desire, which I imagined might be thought of as odd, the madam smiled and said, "Oh yes, I have just the girl for you. She loves to tie up men. I taught her myself."

So, a week or two later, I called and we made arrangements for a two hour session on another weekday afternoon. I was thrilled to know that my long standing desire would soon be fulfilled.

I was excited and nervous as I arrived at the madam's home where the session, outside of her normal business hours, would take place.

But, when the madam escorted me into her sitting room, she smiled tentatively and apologized that the girl she had planned for me could not come because of the flu. "I know that I am not what you expected, but if you like, I will try to give you a session myself. If I do say so, I am very good at tying up."

I told her that I thought that she was sexier than any of the younger girls, and would be pleased to have her perform the job if she didn't mind.

She smiled and said, "Oh, good! You are a nice young man, good looking and muscular; I think it might be fun. Only problem though that I guess I should mention."

"What's that, maam?" She was enough older than me that I thought I should speak respectfully; especially as she might very soon have me helpless.

"Well, I won't harm you, but I might become somewhat... um, demanding. I like to tie tight and then show my , um... victim what it is really like to be a captive. Do you think you can handle that?"

She frightened me a little, but I really wanted to get tied up like I had seen done to women and men both in magazines and on the Internet, so I responded: "I think so. I'd like to try."

"Wonderful! Now, take off your clothes while I go get the gear to do you up really good."

Readers have all enjoyed previous descriptions of binding by writers better than me, so I think that I will skip the binding details. I will say that the madam and I chatted pleasantly as she trussed me up tightly, with my hands and arms behind my back on my knees, with my balls tied to a barbell between my legs. Then she told me that she should answer some phone calls, and then bit gagged my mouth and blindfolded me.

Being left for several minutes like that was thrilling, and, in a way, freeing. There was nothing that I had to do or anything I had to say, because I couldn't.

Finally, I sensed the madam's return, then heard her speak: "Remember what I said about being 'demanding'?" I felt her begin to remove my gag. "Well, I hope you are ready for this, because I want you to remove my shorts for me now. With your teeth!"

Readers of this bit have also read splendid descriptions of sexual activities in bondage, so I will not bore with those details either. Let's just leave it that she wore delicious tasting shorts and panties. And socks. And she was pretty darn delicious herself. And those skilled toes of hers left me more than sexually satisfied.

I visited the madam's place of business a couple of more times. I asked her if she would give me the business herself. She told me that she didn't usually do that herself, that she was actually bi and had a lovely girl partner; but that she would never forget what we had accomplished together.

Then I moved away and never saw her again.
