---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Just Desserts
authors:
- Gimlet
tags:
- F/m
- fairie
- tease
- insert
- sex
- oral
- climax
- swallow
- reduction
- tour
- M/f
- eaten
- soft
- reluct/nc
- X
date: 2007-03-12 00:00:00
---

When he awoke he was startled by a face peering down at him. It was its
size more than anything that shocked him fully awake, being less than an
inch from brow to chin, connected to a lithe female form barely five inches
tall. The apparition (he dare not use the word 'fairy') Hovered less than a foot
from his face, hands on her drawn up knees, translucent wings spread wide
behind her. Why weren't they flapping?

She seemed to look him up and down, then a normal female voice said. "Have a good nights sleep?" with a hint of sarcasm as if there was a joke
that only she was privy to.

He stared open mouthed. He rubbed his eyes, peered at her tiny form then
closed his eyes again and pinched himself.

"I'm still here" she said when he opened them once more. When he did
nothing more she looked at him quizzically.

"Well don't you like me?" and at that she twirled around in mid air,
slowly, displaying her shapely form.

She was beautiful and was naked (of course), He was already beginning to
accept this as a dream, she seemed like one of his fantasies. He managed to
get his voice back.

"Er... what's your name?" he said.

"Kseeni" she said simply, still smiling at him.

"Tell me ... Kseeni, why are you here?"

"Can't you guess?" she answered coyly. When he didn't reply she dived down
and hovered right in front of his face and kissed him on the nose. She was
quick and he only managed to react once she had darted back up six inches,
to hover over him again. He jumped slightly but stayed on his back in the
bed.

"How about now?" she said.

He didn't answer. He was thinking 'This is awfully realistic compared to
most of my dreams'.

She seemed put out by his silence, humphed, crossed her arms, glanced at
his bedcovers which promptly shot up three feet in the air and stayed there
leaving him naked under her gaze.

He gulped and could feel himself hardening under her gaze.

She glanced back up at him, locking eyes with him. She drifted closer to
him and said softly, "And now can you guess?" as she came to a stop less
than an inch from his face.

"B... But that's not p... possible, I mean I'm too... Er you're too small
for... I mean... " he said running out of words.

"Oh no, size is not a problem. Here, I'll show you." and with that she slid
effortlessly through the air, down the bed to his waist, whilst pivoting
upright till she was 'standing' upright, feet slightly apart.

He gaped as she slowly drifted down, her legs either side of the rigid pole
beneath her. As she came closer she looked him straight in the eyes and
smiled once again. He couldn't think of anything to say.

When she came to rest on the tip she spread her legs slightly and he could
feel the moist cleft between her thighs pressing on him. She started
twisting her hips to rotate back and forwards on him and he could feel her
opening up! As he lay there he saw her begin to sink as his tool slid
inside her.

The opening became larger and she fell down further on him till the head
was enclosed completely and yet except for her aperture stretching to
accommodate him her body stayed as slim and sexy as ever. It was as though
his member disappeared upon entering her.

Inside he could feel her wetness close and grip him as she travelled
further down the erect shaft using her thighs to grasp him and force him
deeper into her. It felt warm and he knew the pressure was rising in
him. She was kneeling in the brush now as her bottom slid down, gently
coming to rest on his scrotum, with his length enfolded by her moist
innards. His six inch rod had been completely swallowed by her two and a
half inch torso and she looked as delectable as ever. Not a bulge in sight!

She squirmed around him, almost painfully, as she got more
comfortable. Then, without moving, he felt her inner muscles clutch at him,
squeezing and sliding over him rhythmically. As she continued he felt
himself building higher and higher till finally he exploded, the feelings
washing over him as she brought her legs together, gripping him till the
torrent had subsided.

When he had recovered he opened his eyes, expecting to have awoken to find
his sheets fowled from the dream. However there she was, lying on her front
still enclosing his, now limp, member and still smiling at him.

"Believe me now?" she said, resting her chin on her hands, now grinning
broadly.

"That's astounding" he replied "How do you fit... er, well something that
big in... in..." again he ran out of words, and breath.

"Oh that's nothing" she said, floating up letting his tool flop free of her
wet embrace "I can manage things far larger than that. Do you want another
demonstration?"

"I... er, well, it would be... er... interesting." he said, cringing from
the understatement and wondering what she had in mind.

She then proceeded to drift further down the bed, forcing him rest up on
his elbows to look down at her. She stopped at his feet and swivelled
backwards so she was hovering on her back with her feet pointed up at
him. She floated down, parting her legs as she did so. She landed gently on
the bed with his feet positioned between her thighs.

For a moment she just stared at him. He gulped.

"You're not serious? Surely that's impossible, I mean it's way too..."

She interrupted him "As I said, size is not a problem." and still grinning
she took hold of his big toes, one in each hand, and guided his feet
towards her opening.

This was ridiculous. Her legs were spread wide, bent at the knees, and the
width of his two feet together was bigger than this. He started to object
when one of his big toes nudged at her bottom.

From this angle he could see everything, and gaped as she pushed herself
down over his right toe. She seemed to be made of elastic as she stretched
over first the big toe of his right foot then the left. Her hips seemed to
come apart to accommodate him yet above the waist she was normal. She
pushed his feet together so that the soles were against each other and then
pushed some more. More toes disappeared into the chasm between her legs and
her pelvis stretched in all directions. Soon both heels slipped inside her
and she started twisting, taking more into her.

Again he could feel her wetness enfolding him although it felt different
this time. Tighter, slicker, and softer somehow. He closed his eyes, lay
back and let her proceed. More of him entered her and soon his feet, ankles
and lower legs had been swallowed. Over the next minute he felt her
moistness creep up and take his knees in and then made headway towards his
pelvis. The sensations were glorious.

He looked down at her body, stretched unimaginably at her hips but normal
otherwise (if you consider a six inch tall fairy normal). He lay back again
as he reached down to her. She had gained enough ground so he could hold
her as she progressed without him getting up. She was soft, smooth, warm
and slick. She was sweating and panting and obviously enjoying herself
immensely and although from here he couldn't see her face he could imagine
the grin that was bound to be across it.

She looked back up at him, her eyes peeking above the bulge at her waist,
and took hold of his hands, grasping each index finger with her whole
hand. She stroked his fingers then grasped them again and pulled them up to
the opening where she laid them along side his thighs ahead of her.

His fingers touched and probed her as she rippled over his hands. Her
tightness folded over him and he stroked her some more. What ever he'd done
she obviously liked it.

"Aaah!" she cried and her internal muscles clutched at him, drawing herself
up almost a foot upwards in less than a second!

She paused here for a bit and managed to sit up right some how. His legs
inside her hinged upwards along with her but stayed straight up right as
she bent over his, once again, rigid tool. Smirking she grasped the shaft
with both hands. Then she opened her mouth wide and, deliberately slowly,
pulled the enormous cannon towards her tiny mouth.

Once she arrived at her objective her lips touched and enfolded the tip,
just over the aperture. He felt her tiny tongue flick briefly inside
him. Then she took firm hold, bent over further and pushed down.

Her mouth opened like putty around him. He could feel that moist cave
wrapping him and her tongue licking at the underside as it travelled down
her slender throat. In a matter of seconds the entire length had
disappeared and her face was buried between his balls. Then slowly she
lifted back up, disgorging her meal right to the tip before wolfing it down
once more. Her rhythm built up and she gained speed, slicking her widening
mouth back and forth on his tool.

Eventually he couldn't hold back and the volcano irrupted down her
gullet. With her face flat against his thighs, she gripped him strongly
with her lips and she gulped it down.

He felt utterly exhausted after she relinquished her, now floppy, meal, and
offered no protest as she lay back down and proceeded to engulf his hips
with hers and he could feel that glorious feeling, like an all over
massage, as her internal muscles rippled over him.

Soon she had slicked up along his rod's length, tickling it considerably,
and continued upwards. He began to wonder when she would stop. When he
caught his breath (and could raise the courage) he looked down at her
shapely form as it writhed up, swallowing him.

"All right you've proved you're point Kseeni, you could probably take an
elephant in there and not even flinch. Now please let me out would you?"

Kseeni glanced up at him still smirking as she proceeded up his chest. "Now
why would I want to do that, hmm?" she said whilst rippling her innards
most pleasurably around him "I mean aren't you having fun?"

By now her legs were folding over his shoulders and soon her thighs would
be over his neck.

"Please, enough is enough" he said "I might get trapped in there!" as he
said this he tried to get a grip inside to push his way out, without
success.

"Weeeeell... that was the general idea" she replied and when he looked
suitably shocked she continued "Did you think this was for your
benefit?... AAaahh!" as her thighs slopped over his shoulders and her wet
passage closed around his neck "I thought of eating you but I don't think
this method of... absorption... has been tried before, and I'm always
willing to try anything once."

She now leaned forwards holding his chin with both hands till she had
forced herself over the edge allowing his head to begin to enter.

"But... but... WHY?" he managed once she had let go of his chin.

"Oh you humans!" she laughed, transmitting the giggles through him like
glorious lightning "I had almost forgotten how much fun you were to
torture. You're so naive and easy to control. It should be quite a painful
death as you get absorbed into my body, I only wish I could watch!"

She, still grinning down at him, forced herself over his mouth, effectively
halting any further comments he may have. Gradually he watched in terror as
her thighs crept upwards, their moistness swallowing his lips and nose and
finally travelling over his eyes.

When her legs came together past his head he managed to lean back far
enough to get his mouth near the opening to breath. It was a struggle
though and soon he found himself lacking breath as he was drawn further
inside her. Eventually he succumbed to unconsciousness.

Some time later he awoke, groggily, with aches and itches all over but
seemingly still alive. She seemed to have relaxed a little and grip on his
body was lax enough for him to move his arms and legs more or less
freely. His skin felt somehow tingly all over, he noticed, and he kept
shivering despite the warmth in here.

Now his hands were free he tried to reach up to the opening, back the way
he had come, and force it open. At this the world around him shook
violently, gripped him tightly for a second before relaxing again, and then
everything tipped over on its side. He hadn't managed to open the
passageway.

He tried again, but more slowly. Still it barely moved. To get more
leverage he pushed and twisted, slowly manoeuvring himself until he was
doubled over with both his feet and his hands at the entrance. He managed
to lodge his feet in the opening (with some more slight ripples around him
for his troubles) and then leant forwards further pushing his hands
out. After a few tries he managed to open it wide enough to push his arms
and lower legs out, eventually squeezing his head back out into the open.

He was now facing upwards (Kseeni was apparently lying on her back) with
his shoulders, head and legs poking out between her thighs and resting on
her legs that were in a kneeling position with her upper body bending over
backwards to rest on the floor. Her thighs were distorted over his chest as
before but not as much as he remembered. In fact from this angle, overall
she looked smaller, maybe a foot and a half tall.

She seemed to be lying on a bed of leaves and bracken in a rough, wooden
chamber, nearly spherical in shape. Although it seemed light in here he
couldn't see any opening or any light source. He couldn't worry about that
now though. She seemed to be asleep and he intended to be out of her before
she awoke. Although he wondered where he would go then.

With one glance at her sleeping face, still smiling, he renewed his efforts
to wriggle free from her innards. He reached behind him and gently, so as
not to wake her, took hold of her tiny legs. parting them, and moving them
slowly out from underneath him he opened the passage. As he forced her legs
wider apart he drew his legs and chest further out from her until a
particularly vigorous jerk on his part caused her to cry out, then he was
staring into her awake, and rather surprised, face.

"WHAT!... You should be dead." she cried out, her face turning angry. Then
her features softened. "Oh well. It looks like that method didn't work
after all," and with a faint smirk "despite being pleasurable."

"We'll just have to do it the old fashioned way" she said, leaning over and
opening her mouth. Then she stopped and looked at him.

"Weren't you larger on the way in?" she said

He didn't answer, he was still vainly trying to prize his hips from inside
her, without success. Her vaginal muscles had clamped back down on him
pinning him. She pondered for a moment and then shrugged

"Probably just a side effect of the ... unsuccessful... new method of
feeding." and she smiled whilst leaning forward again "Right, let's get you
down the old cake-hole eh?" and so saying she opened her mouth wide and
reached up to him.

This time his hands were free. "Oh no you don't.... What!" he exclaimed as
he grabbed her arms and completely failed to stop them despite pushing with
all his strength. Still with open mouth the sides of it turned up in a sort
of grin as she 'crawled' up him, bending him over helplessly until she had
hold of his head.

Even with him struggling she pulled him to her without even straining
visibly! Thus curled over he felt her open lips press against the crown of
his head and part wider sliding over his hair. In a matter of seconds her
mouth had spread wide covering the top of his head and moving down around
him.

Soon he could see her lower lip slip tightly over his eyebrows and start to
stretch over his eyes. She then paused letting him once last glimpse of the
world then she gulped strongly swallowing most of his head in one gulp. Her
lips were over his now and travelled down till they slicked tightly around
his neck.

Then she stopped, and reached down to her waist and drew his buttocks free
from her moist cleft which promptly squished back to it's appropriate
proportions. She then proceeded to stuff her face with his.

As her mouth spread wide around his shoulders he could feel his head being
forced further down her neck. When his arms were pinned to his sides by her
lips' tight grip, she stopped her consumption and shifted herself. She
stood up, pushing him into a kneeling position and then continued her
meal. Once her mouth had reach more than half way down his chest she
stopped once again and reached for his shaft. Despite himself he had become
hard with her treatment. It was hard to resist the wash of feelings her
rippling throat caused him and now she was massaging his tool most
expertly. He was fit to burst.

She then walked forwards between his legs and positioned her self above the
pole once again, and gulped. As his chest shot further into her, his legs
were jerked off the floor and, as his hips rose, his member entered her
carefully positioned thighs in one quick movement, and was buried to the
hilt.

The sudden pressure around his shaft was almost unbearable and then her
mouth rippled on his chest momentarily, and he found himself being
disgorged from her lips and thus her thighs rode up and off his tool. When
it was almost free from her she gulped quickly and swallowed both
again. She repeated this again and again and he couldn't help it and
released into her. She ignored him however and continued the swallowing /
regugitating and he found his ardour unabashed and soon waves of pleasure
built once more.

After the third time he came she joined him and the muscular contractions
jammed him down her throat and her thighs simultaneously and she bent over
gulping him suddenly down to the waist in one go. He could feel his head
squeezed down her neck and plop out into a small chamber. The stomach!

He suddenly started to struggle again but still to no avail. She slurped
him down, his rapidly flopping member popping out of the chasm between her
legs and disappearing down her throat instead. He froze as his head was
pushed into the liquid filled chamber, expecting his head to
dissolve. However, when his head was completely submerged in the stuff and
he was still alive and not affected he opened his eyes.

The stomach was barely larger than his head. The Light he could see by was
red, being filtered through her body, and was very faint. Then he realised
he hadn't breathed for the last few minutes.

He panicked and started vigorously jerking around trying to escape, and
managed to swallow a good amount of the liquid in the process. Still
apparently unharmed, he continued the journey down. As his shoulders forced
their way into the enlarging stomach, his legs felt the embrace of her lips
as they finished off their meal. Her tongue played over them as they
disappeared inside her and her mouth closed to it's normal shape and she
lay back. She was once again smiling broadly and feeling very satisfied but
still looked as like a model despite having gorged herself on a fully grown
man many times her own size. She lay back as she felt his still struggling
form squeeze into her stomach and drifted off into a contented sleep.

Her meal was not as happy however. He had finally convinced himself that he
would not suffocate. Apparently he no longer needed to breath and her
stomach didn't affect him although his skin was tingling again.

'Lucky I don't suffer from claustrophobia.' he thought as the stomach
pressed in on him.

He was crushed into a foetal position and was now 'playing dead'. He hoped
Kseeni would presume he was eaten (which he supposed he was) and would
relax. Once she was asleep he intended to force his way back up her gullet.

As he waited the walls started to pulse slightly. He twisted around a bit
but still could barely move. Then the stomach suddenly squeezed him,
hard. It pushed and shoved and got much smaller until he felt himself
'extruded' into an adjoining chamber. This seemed even smaller than the
stomach and his ribs were beginning to ache from the pressure of his knees
being crushed into them. After a while he managed to relax and, just about,
get his legs comfortable, sort of. He noticed the chamber was actually a
tube which was pinched in front of him and behind him and the pinches were
moving forward, keeping the chamber's size constant but moving it forwards
and him along with it.

He realised this was her intestine and he must be travelling down her
digestive tract. Not a pleasant thought.

He still couldn't force his way back wards and eventually resigned himself
to the slow journey. It seemed to take forever and he gradually drifted off
to sleep with her slow, pulsing heart beat playing in his ears.

When he awoke the chamber he was in had apparently grown but by far more
than he remembered from his anatomy books from school. 'She really was
different, all the way through!' he thought. he could now stretch a bit and
felt quite relaxed. The tingling had subsided once more, although he could
feel the remains of a kind of glow dying down inside of him. He felt great!

Considering his options he figured the journey up was probably longer than
the journey down so he opted for this, attempting to open the way ahead of
him rather than back the way he had come. Now it seemed the larger chambers
weren't as strong and he could force himself through into the next one, and
the next, and the next. Eventually he pushed his hands into one opening
only to find light shining in between them. He was at the end of his
journey!

He breathed again for the first time in hours as the fresh air streamed
in. Boy did it felt good.

With a bit of wriggling and pushing he parted the opening with his hands
and shoved his head out into the light. At least it seemed easier to get
out this time. 'Maybe she was tired?' he thought.

He had pretty much guessed where he would be ending up after his travels
but it still seemed weird to be squeezing his way out from between a
fairy's buttocks.

Then he stopped. He twisted his head around to look up at Kseeni. He was
right, her legs, torso, in fact her entire body had grown again. Then he
remembered what she had said when she ate him. It wasn't her growing, he
was shrinking!

Looking over his shoulders at her form lying face down on the floor she
looked slightly larger than him now. This would explain why her 'chambers'
inside had been larger. They hadn't they merely seemed that way after he
had shrunk! As he thought about it though he wondered why if he was smaller
and weaker he was still able to force his way out of her easier than
before.

He mentally shrugged his shoulders and continued to extricate himself from
her anal passage. He drew his chest free slowly and then proceeded to
squeeze his thighs out of her. After that his legs' passage seemed easy.

Before he had finished, however, Kseeni cried out and she flipped herself
(and him) over onto her back, sat up, and stared at him in something akin
to panic.

"I... Im...possible!" she stammered "Not even a fairy can stand being
digested. And your skin, it's blue. What the hell is happening?"

He looked down at himself and, sure enough, his skin was blue. She then
reached up and grabbed his shoulders, staring in disbelief at him.

"What are you, some sort of mage? You've shrunk again as well how... Oh!"
she gasped as he struggled, and easily shook free of her grip. She had
weakened, no he had become stronger! Incredible.

In return he grasped her shoulders and steadied himself. With one hand he
lifted her legs up against her chest and pushed against her, sliding
himself out of her rear. She cried out as he was squeezed slowly out till
his feet popped clear of her and her cheeks slapped together as her hips
resumed their previous shape.

"So," he said, holding her arms with one hand and stretching her out by her
legs with the other "not even fairies can stand being digested eh? Well I
think that can be arranged."

So saying he flipped her over onto her front again holding her hands
together behind her back with one hand. He then lifted her feet up with his
other hand and placed them in his mouth.

It stretched and, as he had suspected, he seemed to be built similarly to
her and her feet slid in past his lips. Now she would get a taste of her
own medicine, or rather he would.

Slowly her legs squished down his tight throat. He found it most enjoyable,
and she tasted delicious!

"Oh... stop please... I, Oh... I didn't mean it... Ah!... Ooh,... No..."She
said struggling as he lifted her waist clear of the floor. He then lifted
her upright, tilting his head back, and forced her hands in along side her
legs into his mouth. He proceeded to greedily slurp her in-between his lips
and felt her hips press in letting his mouth close slightly around her
waist leaving her thighs resting gently inside.

"Oh... look I... I'll give you... Oh!... anything... Please just don't,
Oooohhh!!" she exclaimed and he felt her entire body go rigid as he slid
his tongue into her moist cleft. Slowly he explored with his tongue as she
flexed this way and that, crying out repeatedly. It felt wonderful with her
legs thrashing around inside him and her hips squirming within his mouth.

"Oh!... Oh... Oh god!... Sto... op... ple... EASE!... Oh,N...n...No,
oh!... YEEESSSS!" her comments stopped for a moment as she came, pulsing in
his throat, her vagina squeezing his tongue most pleasantly. Once she had
finished and had relaxed somewhat he continued his meal, just relaxing his
muscles and letting gravity take its course. She slowly slid down inside
him.

His lips soon bumped into her breasts and he had to squeeze them in to
force his mouth over them. After a few tries they sloshed past his teeth
and were greeted by his tongues caresses as her weight started to move her,
now unimpeded, form down his gullet. As his mouth closed over her shoulders
she recovered enough to speak.

"P..Please... Ah!... I can, oh!... do magic,... ungh!...Grant wishes
... Ah, oh!..Anything, just please don't swa..GLUP!" was her last comment
as his mouth snapped back to shape over hers and he felt her squeezed down
into his waiting stomach.

"Boy what a satisfying meal" he said to himself, then looked again around
the round wooden room he was in. "But now how am I going to get out of here,
where ever here is?"

That was a very good question.
