---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Jill''s Adventure into Total Slavery 2: Carmen & Jason'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- MF/f
- D/s
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- bdsm
- dungeon
- susp
- whip
- rack
- x-cross
- nipple
- slave
- contract
- piercing
- bodymod
- chast
- electro
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery**](jillsadventureintototalslavery.html))

**Part 2: Carmen & Jason**
(All characters are fictional as is Frieda’s fashion house)

Jill lost all track of time and could only think of the next orgasm that was building in her body thanks to the vibrators and paddle that were torturing her.

Finally, Jill saw the door opened and Frieda entered, wearing a red leather dress with matching boots, and she turned off the robo spanker and vibrators. Frieda told Jill that the show was starting and that people would be coming in to the room to check out the outfit, and spanking machine. Also she left the remote to the vibs and tens unit for them to play with on a table. It seemed like hours that strangers had entered the room and played with her and always denying her the orgasm she desperately wanted.

Jill was very happy she was hooded as to her surprise, she saw the young girl receptionist from personnel department enter wearing a black latex bikini and leading on a leash the head of personnel who was wearing a severe leather strait jacket, with her breast sticking out of holes in the jacket with her nipples clamped and steel collar was locked around her neck. The girl played with Jill’s hard nipples and used the vibrators to drive her crazy as she stopped the before Jill could cum, and laughed at it.

As Jill thought what seemed to be the end of the show a couple entered the room. She could see a man in his mid thirties, 6’1” about 195lb with black hair and piercing blue eyes wearing a designer suit and he was with a blonde woman 5’9” in a white leather cat suit that was incredibly gorgeous while showing off her 40C-22-36 body.

As Carmen and Jason entered the room and smiled as they saw a beautiful redheaded woman in bondage and hoped she was as submissive as she looked. Jill looked at them and wondered what was next, and as if reading her mind the man told her they were friends of Frieda and were here to talk to her.

The woman walked over and stopped the robospanker and the vibrators and removed the gag from Jill’s mouth. While Carman played with Jill’s hard nipples through the rubber suit, the man said I am Jason and this is my wife Carmen. We are a dominant couple, who own slaves 24/7 and Frieda indicated that was what you were seeking and she recommended you to us for the position.
I will explain what we want and if you are interested you can tell us if this is what you also want.

We live on a private island, which we own, in the Caribbean call Matua. It
is actually a private country, with treaties with all the major countries in the world and slavery is legal there. We also have penthouse apartments in New York, Miami and LA and we currently are seeking a slave as our previous slave Amy just finished her contract of one year and decided not to renew it to go and explore the world.

This position is for one year and it is 24/7 total slavery. While we prefer NO LIMIITS, but some maybe negotiable and will be in the slave contract. The salary for the year is one million dollars that will be placed in a trust account at the start of the contract with our lawyer and a person you name as joint trustees.

We will require and pay for breast implants and at the end of the contract removal of the implants if you so desire. Also you will be pierced with rings in the septum, labia, clitoris and your nipples. These are not negotiable requirements.

If you are interested so far, then this weekend you will submit to us as our slave so we can determine if you will be offered the contract and so you can decide if you want to become our slave. Do you have any questions?

Jill asked what would happen to her belongings and home and what guarantee was there that they would honor any limits agreed to.

Jason told her “If we fail to honor the agreement you can break the contract and keep the money and Frieda will vouch for us. Also we will hire a company to maintain your home.”

Jason then asked Jill why she desired to be a slave and did she understand what it meant.

Jill told them, that for her whole life she was submissive but was afraid to let anyone know so she practiced self bondage and slavery in her home.

She had her own dungeon where she would place herself in bondage and had machines to punish her. All she dreamed about was finding someone who she could trust to own her. She told them that a real slave had no rights, no limits and lived to serve its owner.

She saw Jason smile and tell her that was exactly what they were offering her.

Jill thought about this and realized they were offering her the life she always dreamed of and desired, so she accepted to serve as their slave for the weekend.

Carmen told her that after the show she would be leaving with them and they would inform Frieda. Then the gag was placed back into Jill’s mouth and she was released from the chains and her hands were cuffed to the corset.
After the show Frieda thanked Jill and told her not to worry about Jason and Carmen, as they were friends and they knew what they were doing and would not harm her.

Jason and Carmen cuffed manacles on Jill wrists and ankles and lead her to their van and placed her in the rear seat locking her ankles to the floor and securing a double seat belt so Jill was totally immobile. Carmen said,” enjoy the ride slave” as she turned the vibrators back on. Jill had several orgasms during the drive.

Finally they entered an underground garage, and parked next to the private elevator, which took the three of them up to the penthouse. Upon entering the penthouse, Jill saw it was very large and everything was lush and expensive. Jill was taken to a bathroom where the cuffs, body suit and plugs were removed.

Carmen told her to shower, dry herself and then kneel on the rug, head down and legs spread open and wait until she returned to start her training. Jill showered and wondered what they were going to do to her, but thought this is what I have dreamed about and what I really want to be is a slave.

Jason walked into the bathroom now dressed in leather shorts and vest. He had several metal restraints with him. “You are very lovely,” he told Jill and she blushed since she was naked and totally exposed, while looking at the very handsome man.

A steel collar, 3” wide with D rings was locked around Jill’s neck. Also metal cuffs were locked on her wrists and ankles. Jill was told to stand and put her hands behind her back, where Jason locked them together. Then metal bands were then locked on her arms just above the elbows and these were clipped together so the elbows touched which forced her breasts forward. A leash was attached to the collar and Jason lead Jill out of the room, down the hall to a door that opened to a hidden elevator. They went up one flight and when the door opened Jill saw the most complete dungeon she had ever seen, and was suddenly scared and excited at the same time.

Jason pushed her into the room and led her over to where Carmen was standing.

Carman said, “Slave, let’s see how good you can suck your Masters cock”. Jason opened his shorts and pulled out his penis. Jill stared at the 9” cock that was 3” in diameter and she dropped to her knees and moved forward as she opened her mouth and started to deep throat his cock. She was trying to impress Jason by giving him the best blowjob he ever experienced. She used her throat muscles to stimulate his cock and after ten minutes Jason grabbed her hair and held her mouth around his cock as he came, flooding Jill’s mouth with sperm which she quickly swallowed.

While Jill was sucking Jason’s cock, Carmen stripped off her cat suit and relaxed on a couch fingering her dripping cunt.

When done sucking off Jason, Jill was lead over to Carmen and was told to worship Carmen’s pussy. Smiling, Jill’s tongue played with Carmen’s clit and she teased Carman by licking around the labia and teasing her clit until Carmen grabbed her hair and forced her face into the wet dripping pussy as far as she could shove it and wrapped her legs around Jill’s head... Jill’s tongue drove as deep as it could into Carmen, while sucking hard to bring her to an orgasm. Carmen soon was ready to explode and came with a shout.

After a few minutes Jill was released from the leg lock and lead over to a couch that Jason was on. Jill saw his 9” erection and so wanted it in her cunt. As reading her mind Jason lifted her up and lowered her down on his cock. As the large cock entered her wet cunt filling her to its fullest, Jill used her cunt muscles to milk Jason’s cock and then she had a mind blowing climax when he came deep her cunt.

An exhausted Jill was then taken to a cell with a cot in it. Jill was cuffed spread-eagled naked to the cot. “Goodnight slave, sleep well for tomorrow will be a long painful day”. The lights were turned off as Jason and Carmen left the room. Jill was in heaven, as she this was everything she dreamed of and she found she loved serving this couple as this was the best sex she ever had and could not wait for the next day.

As Jason and Carmen left the dungeon, Carmen commented that Jill was great as a sex slave, but now they needed to see what her pain and bondage levels were. Jason agreed saying it was the one of the best blow jobs he had experienced and her cunt muscles were unbelievable.

The next morning Jill awoke as the lights were turned on and for a moment she tried to sit up before realizing where she was and the fact she was still cuffed naked to the cot. She was released from the cot by Carmen and taken to the bathroom to relieve herself and shower again.

When done Jill was lead back out into the dungeon over to a metal frame to which she was cuffed spread-eagled. Jason took a 9” penis gag and inserted it into Jill’s mouth and tightened the strap. Carmen approached carrying a flogger and two flicker whips. She handed Jason the flogger and he walked behind Jill.

“Slave we are now going to whip every part of you from your neck down” said Carmen. Jason started to flog Jill’s back and ass leaving stripes up and down on her, while Carmen using the flicker whips to whipped Jill’s breasts, belly, legs and cunt making sure there were no areas on her body that were not red.

The pain was extreme and Jill screamed into the gag but of course they continued slowly covering her body with welts and stripes. Jill felt her body respond to the pain and she could feel the incredible heat build in her cunt as an orgasm approached. She suddenly erupted in spasms as she climaxed several times, which brought smiles to Jason and Carmen’s faces and they stopped whipping her.

Jill watched as Carmen went to a table and strapped on a harness with a dildo larger than Jason’s cock extending from it and a second one which slide easily into her cunt. She approached Jill and while hugging her and slid the dildo deep into her. At the same time, Jill felt Jason behind her lubing her asshole and she braced for the invasion that she knew was coming.

While Carmen licked and sucked on Jill’s nipples, she and Jason fucked her holes. Jill could not believe how much pleasure she was experiencing from the fucking and soon found herself floated into a sub space world and finally passed out after she came so many times she lost count.

Jill was released and place on a mat on the floor where she collapsed. When she finally recovered, they cuffed her hands together behind her back and also cuffed her feet. A rope was tied to the cuffs on her feet and pulled back to her cuffed wrists forcing her into a tight hogtie. Jill felt a large vibrator being inserted in her cunt and a crotch rope applied to keep it in her. Jill tried to beg “no more” but the gag prevented it. Jason turned on the vibrator and said, “Enjoy slave”.

The couple left the dungeon, leaving Jill bound helpless to escape or stop the vibrator from its task of driving her crazy with pleasure. Jason and Carmen retired to their bedroom and watched Jill’s struggles and orgasms over a closed circuit camera while they made passionate love.

In the morning Jason released her from the bondage and they turned off the vibrator, but left it in her dripping cunt. As they ate breakfast they talked and Jill told them about her life and her love for bondage and the games she played and how she found Frieda. Jason, and Carmen told her about them and that they used their island country to promote real life slavery between consenting adults around the world.

They then went to the master bathroom and all three showered together. While in the shower Jason and Carmen played with Jill’s body and soon she was bent over so she could tongue Carmen’s cunt while Jason fucked her from behind. After all three came, they finished the showering and dried off and returned to the dungeon.

Next Jill was strapped to a rack and they slowly stretched her body until she screamed for mercy. Both noted her pain threshold and flexibility. While she was stretched taunt, Carmen and Jason played with her body teasing it, but never letting her have the orgasm she craved.

After about an hour of that delightful torture she was taken to a spinning ST Andrews cross and strapped to it. Cloverleaf clamps were place on her nipples and clit with weights attached. As the cross spun slowly the weights pulled on the clamps causing even more pain and they watched carefully to see if the pain would bring Jill to have an orgasm.

Jill was in heaven, serving two very experienced and extremely beautiful people who were testing her limits and giving her exactly what she had desired for so long and as she spun on the cross with the weights pulling her nipples and clit, she had another incredible orgasm.

The rest of the weekend was a series of events consisting of bondage, whippings, sex and games, which Jill loved every minute of. The most painful part was when she was placed on what was they called a horse (actually two boards that met at a point) which she rode for a few hours with legs spread apart so her cunt took her body weight on the point. At the end Jill was released and given the clothes she wore to Frieda’s to dress in.

Jason told her that they wanted her as their slave and she had two days to accept or reject the offer. Jill told them she did not need any time and accepted the position of slave as they were exactly the owners she desired and had dreamed of.

Jason asked about her giving up her job as a junior partner after she worked so hard to get her degree. Jill told him that the job paid for her to spend her time off as a slave, which is what she really wanted to be and it allowed her to design dungeon equipment for her to use on herself and she would not miss the job as being a slave was what she really desired.

Jill was told that she would receive instructions for the complete physical that was required to assure she was in good health, and after she was cleared medically they would send her the contract and other papers to read and then discuss prior to signing.

When Jill arrived in her home she stripped and admired her welted body in the mirror and masturbated remembering all the happened to her during the weekend and had one the best orgasms of her life. She was truly in lust with Mistress Carmen, and Master Jason and everything they did to her and she could not wait to tell her friend Frieda about the weekend and her hopefully new life.

Jill called out sick on Monday and locked a collar around her neck and locked on restraints and cleaned her house pretending to be Jason and Carmen’s slave.

On the Tuesday after her medical exam, Jill received a package from Master Jason containing a contract and citizenship papers for Matua (their island). Jill She emailed Master Jason (that was how she now thought of him) with changes to the contract she wanted and hoped they would agree as she was going to jump in feet first and not look back.

First was to section 2, changing the wording that both parties after the year could terminate the contract, to only the owners could terminate the contract.

Section 2 she changed to read slave was allowed “no limits at all”.

Section 3 beside the piercings she added as a permanent body modification a tattoo saying “ This slave is the property of” with 2 hearts below it and in the hearts was “Mistress Carmen and Master Jason” to be placed on her back.

She received an email of a new contract with the changes and was told to have it signed by Friday when Carmen would meet her at her home to go through what was to be packed for her new life as their slave.

Jill quit her job at the accounting firm stating personal reasons for the short notice. She received a note to be ready at 12 noon Friday and she was to be naked when Mistress Carmen arrived and was also instructed not to masturbate.

When Jill woke up on Friday morning she was alive with excitement and found it extremely hard not to masturbate, but obeyed the command. Mistress Carmen arrived and collected the signed contract and citizenship papers, as the contract was real and legal for citizens of Matua.

Mistress Carmen pulled out 3” wide metal collar from her bag and Jill saw it was engraved “Property of Master Jason and Mistress Carmine. Jill was handed the collar and told to lock it around her neck (it fit perfectly as she had been measured before leaving their home). Jill was told that the collar had an internal lock that could only be opened with an electric remote. Jill smiled with a wide grin as she locked the collar on knowing this was the start of a new life she had always wanted.

Carmen strapped a device to Jill’s left wrist and told her to masturbate. As horny as Jill was it only took a few minutes before she had a fantastic climax. Carmen took the device from her wrist and downloaded the data to a microchip, and then locked the device back on Jill’s wrist.

Mistress Carmen went through Jill’s fetish clothes collection, bondage toys and the machines she had built to torture herself with, selecting what was to be shipped to the Island.

Jill was asked about her chastity belt and Jill got it out of its box. Jill explained that she was a chronic masturbator and Freida suggested she get a chastity belt to prevent her from masturbating. Jill said she searched the Internet and bought an nsepmain total female belt, since it was the best she could find and had added accessories of a “tens unit” and anal plug and dildo. Mistress Carmen dragged Jill to her bedroom and quickly spread-eagled her on the bed.

Getting the belt, Jill watched as Mistress Carmen took from her bag a very large metal butt plug and even larger metal dildo, which she attached to the belt’s crotch piece. Jill told her that the keys were with Freida. Mistress Carmen smiled and pulled from her bag the keys that Freida had given her. The anal plug was lubed and inserted deep in Jill’s ass, painfully filling it totally, while the dildo needed no lubing as Jill was sopping wet.

Quickly the belt was locked securely on Jill and the “tens unit” was wired to the plugs. Jill was told these plugs were both a vibrator and could also shock her.

Carmen then placed the microchip into the tens unit. She told Jill, the chip receives your pulse and heart rate from the device locked on your wrist so it know when you are going to cum and will set off the tens unit to stop your orgasm.

Mistress Carmen put a leather corset around Jill’s waist and tightened so she had a 17” waist instead of her normal 24” waist. Jill was released from the bondage and told to put on 6” locking heels and a loose dress as the plane they were going on was leaving once they got to the private airport.

During the flight to Miami, Jill experienced the vibrators in her turning on and just as she was ready to cum, the tens unit shocked her from the climax. This continued throughout the flight with the shocks getting stronger to prevent orgasm. Carmen smiled as she tormented Jill, knowing it was driving her to the edge.

Just before the flight landed as the seat belt sign came on, Carmen turned off the shock mode and set the vibrators to max strength and turned them on. She watched Jill shake from the pleasure and then suddenly scream as she came (her first orgasm in a plane).

After landing they went to the penthouse owned by Carmen and Jason, where Jill was locked in a cell for the night. The next day Jill was taken to a Doctor’s office where she was examined for her breast implants, and was informed she was getting 46 DD implants. Jill was shocked at getting such big breasts, but could not complain as she agreed to it and it was what her new owners wanted. Before the surgery a mold of Jill’s cunt was made “for future use” she was told.

After the surgery Jill was taken back to the penthouse to spend time to recuperate and heal. She was informed that after the healing they would be going to Matua, where her life as a slave would start.

Two weeks later Jill was taken to a tattoo parlor where her back was engraved “This slave is the Property of” and in the hearts below was “Mistress Carmen” and “Master Jason” as she had request be done.

After her breasts were given medical clearance, Jill was taken to get her body pierced. She was told to strip and was strapped into a chair with a strap across her head, one above her breasts, one below them, one at the waist and then her legs were spread apart and strapped to splints above and below the knees and her feet were strapped to the splints. Jill was told they were using a new procedure, which installed a plastic grommet in the hole as it was pierced, which would allow the rings to be inserted easily, and speed up the healing. Carmen told her she was getting eleven piercings, six to her labia, one in her clit hood, one below her cunt, one in each breast and one in her septum.

Carmen also told her she would be fitted with a chastity plate that attached to the cunt rings sealing her cunt shut when it was locked on. Over the next two hours the piercing took place and as each hole was done a ring made from space-age plastic ( that was stronger than steel) was inserted in each hole and then glued shut. Jill was in extreme pain during the piercing and enjoyed every minute of it.

When they were done she saw her body in a mirror she was proud of her body jewelry. A plastic three-prong device was slid through the rings in her cunt and the cover plate (made from the mold of her cunt) and locked through the bottom ring. They went back to the penthouse to prepare to leave for the island that was to become her home as their total slave.



25.06.15

story continues in [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 3: The Slave Contract**](jillsadventureintototalslavery3.html)

o0o
