---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Far too tight!
authors:
- James Ellis 2000
tags:
- Sbm
- hogtie
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-14 00:00:00
---

Far too tight! by Jamesellis2000
Sbm; hogtie; cons; X

It started out as just another solo
session, that would last around thirty minutes, or so I thought.

It was
five thirty
in the morning I was wide awake and feeling frisky. I
decided on some fairly restrictive rope bondage, using a few new tricks I had
picked up from the internet. I would have my escape close to hand rather than
using any sort of timing device. My backup was a friend asleep in the
adjoining room. This friend, while not a player, knows of my interests and is
prepared to free me if I get stuck.

I gathered my equipment, four lengths
of nylon rope, and a five loop rope coil for my wrists, one six inch and
two eighteen
inch cable (zip) ties and a leather muzzle style ball gag.
As it was a warm spring morning I decided to wear just a pair of tight leather
briefs.

Now I was ready to begin, I set up my
back up, the stereo system set to go on at full volume (to wake my friend),
with the remote control to switch it on, on the floor close to where I would
be tied. Next I put the primary release, a pair of snips, also close by where
I would be tied.

I sat down on the floor next to the
snips and started the bondage, first I tied a rope tightly around my waist and
added a crotch rope trapping the wrist coil at the rear. I next tied my ankles
and knees cinching them securely. Next came the gag, this is a leather muzzle with a leather covered plastic ball that fits in the mouth. Once this is in
position a strap goes round the neck below the chin. A second strap goes
around the back pulling the muzzle leather tight over the mouth. Next a strap
goes from the top of the muzzle over the head and is tightened to the mouth
strap. Another strap runs up either side of the head and buckles at the crown
passing through a restraining loop on the head strap. A final strap goes round
at forehead level keeping everything in place. Once this is on I can grunt but
cannot speak at all.

I then passed the six inch cable tie
around the wrist coils and waist rope ready to be tightened, and loop one of
the eighteen inch cable ties through the ankle ropes at the rear. The last
rope was formed into a chest loop holding my arms tight to my body. Almost
there, I rolled on to my stomach and worked my left wrist through the wrist
coils. As I had decided on a hogtie style tie I looped the final cable tie
through the ankle cable tie and wrist cable tie, my ankles were now connected
to my waist by about sixteen inches of plastic, a fairly loose hog tie.

Almost
done, a quick check, the snips were nine inches to the left of my waist with
plenty of room for me to roll in to, the remote was about two inches further
away. I thought these would be reachable without too much effort. So on to the
final bonds, I wriggled my right wrist into the wrist coils, catching hold of
the short cable tie, I ratcheted it tight trapping my wrists in the rope coils
and pinning them to the waist and crotch rope.

I tested my bondage, it was pretty
secure but I still had quite a bit of leg movement so I decide to tighten the
long cable ties up a bit. I caught hold of the end of the first tie and
ratcheted it up. This brought my legs up close to my hands, and brought the
end of the ankle tie ratchet to my hands. Carried away in the heat the of the
moment. I tightened this one too. Great I was in a really tight hogtie, my
feet were held close to my hands, if I’d tied a rope from the ring on top of
the gag harness I would have had no movement at all. I was as well tied as any
professional bondage model in a magazine. This was the tightest hogtie I’ve
ever got myself into. I thrashed vigorously, but was really secure.  The
ankle ropes were securely connected to my wrist ropes, the wrist ropes were
securely attached to the waist and crotch rope. With my arms pinned I had no
upper body movement at all.

I had made a big mistake! I’d tied
myself **far too tight**! I was such a
securely trussed bundle, that I was a helpless prisoner! My ankles were bound
tightly to my waist and crotch rope with no movement at all. Worse, with my
wrists pinned securely to the small of my back I couldn’t move them up, down
or sideways. My arms were pinned to my chest by unyielding rope, and with my
wrists pinned, allowed no upper body movement. The muzzle harness was severely
restricting my head movement, and felt as if it was tightening to crush my
skull.

This ultra tight hogtie was getting
very uncomfortable very quickly, I needed to get loose. But I was in such
tight bondage, I could not generate any movement anywhere, apart from my head,
hands and feet. Try as hard as I liked I couldn’t get any rocking motion to
flip on my side. On my stomach I had no way to reach either my release or my
back up! I tried wriggling forward or back, no go! In fact I could not move in
any direction at all! I was crying out in the hopes of waking my friend,
grunting and squealing through my nose, I even tried to bang my chin on the
floor, but to no avail. So there I was stuck, cramping up, scared to death, if
my nose blocked up I could easily suffocate, and the pain wais bringing tears
to my eyes!

So there I lay, a miserable prisoner of my own idiocy, for what
seemed like hours.

Fortunately my friend woke early and
decided to look in to see if I was awake. I must have been quite a sight,
trussed by tight ropes, wearing nothing but an intricate head harness and
leather briefs! The first reaction was to leave me to my fun! I grunted and
squealed frantically, and fortunately my friend realised I was in real
distress and quickly cut me loose.
