---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiessz/scanned_shipped_printed4.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Scanned, Shipped, Printed
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F+/m
- F/m
- bond
- enclosed
- sarcophagus
- remote
- electro
- milk
- tease
- denial
- climax
- toys
- enema
- gag
- cuffs
- public
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-05-30 00:00:00
---

### Part 4

#### A Daring Rescue

“Maggie,” Paula called out as she entered the lab “We’ve got a problem!”

Maggie looked up in surprise from the monitors “What problem? Everything is in the green here.”

Paula flopped down on the old leather sofa next to Maggie “No, not that.” Paula took a moment to check the readings herself. “The Sarcophagus is working fine. Too fine!”

“You aren’t making sense Paula, take a deep breath and then tell me slowly. What’s wrong?” Maggie hugged Paula to calm her down.

Paula took a deep breath and then started again. “You remember Mr Suit from the camera feed, who was circling the sarcophagus earlier and taking pictures?”

Maggie nodded “Yes, is he the problem?”

Paula nodded yes and continued “I was talking to Mikey the sales guy, he was telling me how impressive my display was and how it was attracting a lot of attention for the company.”

“That sounds like a good thing.” Maggie said hesitantly.

“It’s too good!” Paula’s voice climbed slightly higher.

Maggie told her “Deep breath.”

Paula took a few deep breaths, then continued again. “Mr Suit is from the Museum across town, Sunday night they are hosting a charity event to benefit their new Egyptian exhibit. He asked Mikey to borrow the Golden Sarcophagus as a centerpiece for their event!”

“I can see where that would be excellent publicity for your company.” Maggie nodded, then prompted “But what is the problem?”

“Their charity event starts this Sunday night at 6pm.” Paula explained “Our open house ends at 3pm Sunday night.”

Maggie guessed “With the tight timeline they want to ship it directly from here to there.”

Paula nodded silently.

“So there wouldn’t be any chance to get Phil out Sunday night.” Maggie concluded, finally understanding why Paula was upset.

“We’ll just have to sneak him out tonight.” Maggie suggested.

Paula shook her head no. “I was counting on having it delivered back to the lab to get him out.”

Maggie asked “Why do we need it in the lab to get him out?”

“Because I really did print that cage around the sarcophagus as one piece.” Paula told Maggie.

Maggie was surprised. “How were you planning on getting Phil out then?”

“Well I programmed in breakaway points on the upper lattice where it joins the side rail all around the top edge.” Paula explained. “A decent hit all around the edges with a heavy mallet and the top lattice work will detach in one piece. I wanted a quick way to access the sarcophagus in case Phil had any issues.”

“That’s not so difficult. Just need a hammer and a few minutes alone with the display.” Maggie responded.

“Yes, we can break into it easily enough.” Paula agreed “But we won’t be able to reattach it or reprint it in the time we have before Sunday morning!”

“Oh….” Maggie suddenly saw the problem clearly now, “The display will be broken and there’s not enough time to repair it.”

Paula added sadly “Plus it would be noticeable all day Sunday, they’ll run the camera footage back and see us breaking into the display room and sneaking Phil out.”

#### Option Three?

“So if we rescue Phil tonight, everyone will notice.” Maggie reiterated “If we don’t rescue him tonight, the Museum puts him on display Sunday night.”

Paula, looking very worried said “Exactly!”

Maggie looked thoughtful for a few minutes then asked Paula “How long would the Museum have the Sarcophagus?”

Paula looked surprised. “I never asked, why?”

“Phil is safely inside and we are monitoring him, he told me he doesn’t really have to be free till Monday for a work thing Tuesday.” Maggie dragged out the word Tuesday. “So….” she trailed off suggestively.

“So,” Paula picked up where Maggie trailed off “We leave Phil inside the sarcophagus and let the museum borrow him?”

Maggie was nodding her head. “Yes, that’s what I’m thinking.”

“But what if there’s a problem, or an emergency of some kind?” Paula objected softly.

“Yes, what if?” Maggie asked “What if right at this moment Phil had some sort of physical issue?”

Maggie continued “We’d have to race downstairs, break open the display, open the sarcophagus and haul his naked butt out of it in front of everyone.”

Paula quietly agreed. “True.”

“You’d be fired, Phil and I might get arrested, we’d all be in the news, Giant kinky scandal, right?” Maggie concluded.

“Yes,” Paula had to agree. “But what about....”

“Let’s say you break open the display and rescue Phil tonight. You get fired, Phil and I might get arrested, maybe a slightly smaller scandal.” Maggie listed the second option.

“Or option number three,” Maggie held up a third finger. “Option three, we leave Phil in the sarcophagus, the museum borrows it for the night. There are no emergencies, they return him Monday morning, by lunchtime he’s free and we all go home safely. No one gets fired. No one gets arrested. No scandals.”

Paula was nodding her head along with Maggie's explanation of the options. “When you put it like that, you make it seem like the obvious solution.”

Maggie was brainstorming ideas “We’ll make sure Phil gets an enema and a nice big orgasm before they pick him up Sunday for the Museum.”

Paula looked confused “Why would we do that?”

“Because,” Maggie explained “If for some reason we lose bluetooth connectivity, we’ll want to make sure he’s as empty as we can make him.”

“I guess that makes sense,” Paula continued “What do we tell Phil?”

“Nothing.” Maggie said with a smile.

“Nothing?” Paula questioned.

“Remember version 3, when the loading crew came to pick him up and we stayed out of camera view until after he was all sealed in a crate to be shipped?” Maggie asked Paula.

“Yes, of course.” Paula confirmed.

“Then you asked Phil all those survey questions, and he told you….” Maggie paused to let Paula continue.

“That when he thought he was being accidentally shipped, it was very scary and yet intensely arousing.” Paula finished Maggie’s statement “Something about being completely out of his control. The psych boys commented on that, losing control being a trigger for Phil.”

“So how do you think Phil will react, when the display is being shut down, the exhibits being disassembled, and yet his display is being made ready to ship?” Maggie asked with a wicked grin on her face.

Paula returned the grin “Panic, adrenaline, arousal.” Paula chuckled as she thought it through.

“Phil is going to be a sexually frustrated mess by Monday.” Maggie remarked.

“Speaking of which, it looks like another visitor is about to trigger Phil.” Paula was looking at the camera feed, where a visitor to the Open House was circling the sarcophagus display.

Maggie and Paula watched the visitor circle the display several times, glance at the laptop display, then walk away without touching it.

“Poor Phil,” Maggie commented “No fun that time.”

“Remind me to ask him if he was disappointed when people didn’t activate the display or if he was relieved.” Paula told Maggie.

Maggie nodded “Good question, could go either way.”

The two friends watched all afternoon, a few more people triggered the interactive functions and they monitored Phil’s reactions to the various stimuli. He did not achieve any more orgasms that afternoon, but his vital signs were good and his pleasure centers were stimulated multiple times.

Paula commented “Looks like the Open House is slowing down for today. I think they are shutting it down at 5pm tonight.”

Maggie looked at her phone “That’s only 15 minutes away. Let’s let them shut it down for the day and we’ll talk to Phil a little.”

#### Saturday Night, Outside the box

Paula activated Phil’s earphones and microphone function so they could talk to him. While Maggie used her phone to activate the cock sleeve at a nice steady slow pulse.

“Hi Phil,” Maggie greeted him brightly “How was your first full day inside, everything good?”

Phil grunted twice to indicate yes.

Paula asked “Did you like the Electro Stimulation?”

Phil grunted twice slowly.

“Is that a sorta yes?” Paula asked to confirm.

Phil grunted twice firmly and quickly.

Maggie continued the questions “How many times have you cum today?”

Phil grunted once.

“Only once?” Maggie followed up.

Phil grunted twice for yes.

“Well that will never do.” Maggie turned up the cock sleeve settings to a faster pulse, more vibration and added suction. “We have to go home now, but here’s a parting gift from both of us.”

Maggie said “Goodnight dear Phil.” Then waved at Paula to turn off the sound.

Paula asked Maggie “Should I add in some electro stimulation?”

“Absolutely,” Maggie smiled. “Have fun with it.”

Paula pulled the bio monitoring laptop closer and clicked a few buttons. “This is a touch screen laptop.” She explained.

Paula expanded the human shaped outline of Phil’s current body position and the dots indicating the TENs pins scattered around the inside of the sarcophagus. “With this screen I can actually activate individual pairs, just by touching the screen. Or move my finger around and it will follow my motion and activate the pairs like I’m using an electro-stim wand over Phil’s body.”

Maggie looked on with interest as Paula traced a finger up from Phil’s left wrist to his left shoulder, then down his chest to the left nipple, pausing there for a shock.

“I think Phil liked that,” Maggie commented, pointing to the brain wave tracking graph.

“Watch this,” Paula said as she used her finger to trace from his right wrist, up his arm, over the shoulder and headed towards his right nipple, but instead circling it at a distance.

Maggie smiled, “Wicked Paula!”

Paula smiled back, “It’s fun to be evil.” She traced from Phil’s left ankle up to his upper thigh, stopping just short of his crotch. Then jumped over to his upper right thigh and moved down to the right ankle. Then touched his right nipple, which she had skipped earlier, holding it down for a longer shock than normal.

“He definitely liked that.” Maggie waved at the bio indicators. “Let’s engineer a crescendo!”

Maggie turned up the cock milker to maximum. While Paula alternated zapping Phil’s nipples randomly. Phil’s heart rate, brain activity and other indicators all light up like a fireworks display.

Maggie was watching the screen intently “Paula, get ready to zap his cock….wait for it….wait for it… Now!”

Paula used two fingers on one hand to zap both nipples at the same time and her other hand to zap Phil’s cock.

“Bingo!” Maggie called out as the cock milker indicated semen being sprayed into it, to be disposed of by the built-in vacuum effect. Maggie backed off the settings, slowing the device down gradually. Paula had already stopped pressing her fingers on the screen.

“Excellent! Let’s shut down everything for tonight, except the monitoring program, and go get dinner.” Maggie was very satisfied with their efforts to drive Phil absolutely insane with pleasure. But after an event like that he’d need a night off to recover.

#### Saturday Night, Inside the box

Phil watched his tablet as the exhibit hall was being shut down, a guard walked through to confirm everyone had left, then he slowly turned off most of the lights in the room.

A few minutes later he heard his headphones activate.

“Hi Phil,” Maggie greeted him brightly “How was your first full day inside, everything good?”

Phil grunted twice to indicate yes. He was a little bored in between guests, but otherwise fine.

Paula asked “Did you like the Electro Stimulation?”

Phil grunted twice slowly. It had been a literal shock.

“Is that a sorta yes?” Paula asked to confirm.

Phil grunted twice firmly and quickly. Yes, it had been an interesting twist.

Maggie continued the questions, “How many times have you cum today?”

Phil grunted once. He’d been close several times but a combination of shocks at just the wrong time, or not enough stimulation had conspired to keep the actual number to one.

“Only once?” Maggie followed up.

Phil grunted twice to confirm.

“Well that will never do.” Maggie turned up the cock sleeve settings to a faster pulse, added more vibration, and then added suction. “We have to go home now, but here’s a parting gift from both of us.”

Maggie said “Goodnight dear Phil.”

Phil felt a mild shock to his left wrist and marveled as it crawled up his arm like someone was drawing a line. It reached his shoulder and then looped over the shoulder and headed over his chest. “Was it headed towards his nipple?” Phil asked himself. He mentally braced himself for the inevitable shock to his nipple, and there it was! He panted around the gag in his mouth. Wondering what would be next.

This time it was as if a line was being traced up his right arm, it took the same path as before, over the shoulder and headed for his right nipple. Phil braced himself again expecting a shock and then an inch or so away, the “finger” traced a circle around his nipple instead of shocking it. Phil didn’t know whether to be grateful or disappointed.

But then it started up his left leg, headed directly towards his crotch. Again he braced himself mentally and started panting around the gag in anticipation of the coming shocks. The finger stopped just short of zapping his manhood, switching to his right leg and going back to the ankle.

After reaching his right ankle, it stopped for just a split second then jumped immediately to his right nipple, which had so far been untouched. Phil bit down hard on the gag in his mouth, as his body tried to jump inside its plastic prison and failed again.

Phil drew in a long breath and tried to calm himself. They weren't terribly painful shocks; it was more the surprise factor than the shock itself that was making him react.

But that’s when someone turned the cock sleeve to what he suspected to be maximum. Phil let himself enjoy the feeling and then suddenly they added in randomly zapping his nipples. The left, then the right, then a longer right, then back to the left, then the right, it went back and forth and was driving Phil insane when combined with the toy wrapped around his cock.

He could feel a massive load building up inside him. He was very very close to exploding. A day of teasing and frustrating near misses had him desperate to cum even before they had started playing with him.

Phil felt it bubbling up, the floodgate was open, it was just a matter of moments. That’s when they switched to full time zapping both nipples and shocked hs cock all at once. Phil’s brain short circuited, his cock exploded into a massive orgasm, it felt like he pumped a gallon of semen into the cock milker.

After that Paula and Maggie must have taken pity on him, he felt the device slowing down and there was no more electro-stimulation.

Phil’s mind shut down, he sucked on the bite gag in his mouth to get some water. He felt like he had run a marathon. Eventually his heart rate returned to normal and he was no longer panting around the gag.

“That was only day one!” Phil said to himself, amazed at the intensity and how exhausted he felt. “How would he feel at the end of day two?!”

#### Like a video game

Paula and Maggie locked the 3-D printing lab behind them as they left the building for the night.

“Where do you want to have dinner?” Paula asked Maggie.

Maggie smiled, “Let’s go to my place and order in.”

“Are you feeling as horny as I am?” Paula asked, returning the smile.

“Hornier,” Maggie answered

“Good!” Paula replied happily “After watching Phil get teased all day, I could blow some steam off myself tonight.”

Maggie asked Paula “Is it odd that because we are doing it via remote control, that I don’t necessarily feel empathy for him?”

Paula paused then answered “No, I get that. It’s more like we are playing a kinky video game and the level up is Phil orgasming.There is a definite emotional disconnect since we can’t see him reacting to what we are doing. ”

“I’m glad you agree, I thought maybe I was being weird.” Maggie hugged Paula from the side as they walked through the parking lot. “Well weirder than normal at least.”

Paula hugged her back “Honestly I think the fact I can’t see him suffering directly is what is bringing out my dominant side. I’m just pushing buttons on a laptop and a graph is spiking, it’s not me tormenting a real person. So if you are being weird, then I am too.”

Maggie opened her car “Let’s get back to my apartment and work out some of that weirdness on each other. “ Maggie suggested.

Paula slid into the passenger seat of the car “Ready and willing!” She confirmed.

Maggie started the car, shifted into drive, and soon had them rolling to her apartment.

Both of them were looking forward to a night of pleasure and relaxation.

#### Sunday, Open House continued

After a pleasant evening of conversation,discussing future plans, and mutual sexual pleasure. Maggie and Paula grabbed breakfast and arrived early at the Plastics Factory to check on Phil and make sure everything was ready for the Open House.

Paula escorted Maggie into the factory and she unlocked her lab to access the computers controlling Phil’s sarcophagus.

“No problems overnight.” Paula checked the log file. “All bodily functions in the green.”

Maggie said to Paula “Let’s turn on the headphones and wish Phil a good morning.”

“Good idea,” Paula activated the headphones remotely and switched the tablet on and the view to her lab so Phil could see them.

Maggie and Paula waved at the camera in the ceiling and said “Good Morning Phil.” into the microphone.

“I hope you had a good night's sleep,” Maggie continued “Another day of people visiting the Open House ahead of you.”

Paula pointed to the laptop screen that monitored Phil’s brain activity among other things. “He’s definitely awake and hears us,” she told Maggie.

“Let’s take care of some business Phil.” Maggie explained to him. “First I’m going to activate the suction on your cock so you can take a morning pee, then we’ll give you an enema so you don’t need to poop at some point today.”

Paula pointed to the time, it was currently 8:30am. “We open the doors at 9am today.”

“Good thing there is plenty of space in the waste tank and plenty of water in the other tanks.” Maggie said out loud as she activated the suction, then dialed up an enema for Phil.

Maggie pointed to her ears and to Paula’s phone, then said out loud “So realistically how long do you think we could keep Phil locked inside the unbreakable sarcophagus?”

Paula grinned, realizing that Maggie was asking the question more for Phil’s benefit than hers. “A person can go without food for 7-10 days, he has plenty of water. Muscle atrophy won’t be a factor really for two weeks or so.”

Maggie smiled back at Paula before responding “So at least seven days would be safe?”

“I’d say seven is a safe number, ten at the outside limit.” Paula answered and pointed at the screen showing brain activity. As Phil heard their words it triggered things for him.

“What if we added something to his water, vitamins and electrolytes?” Maggie mused. “Could we extend his stay?”

“It could be possible.” Paula was still grinning at Maggie as they tormented Phil verbally “We could look into studies about liquid nutrients for coma patients and the like.”

Maggie nodded her head and made keep going motions with her hands “True, someone probably already developed a protocol for long term patient health.”

Paula added “You know it occurs to me with the TENS units I built into the lining of the sarcophagus, we could work Phil’s muscles remotely.”

“Assuming we can keep him fed, and his muscles active.” Maggie concluded “We could keep him locked up indefinitely.”

Both women were watching Phil’s brain activity by this point. There was a lot going on, a mixture of reactions that would take an expert to sort out. But they did note the pleasure centers lighting up at their words. At least some small part of Phil was reacting to their plot to keep him entombed forever with pleasure.

Maggie made a throat slashing gesture and pointed to Paula’s phone. Paula turned off the voice app but left the camera feed to the tablet running.

Paula asked “Do you want me to cut the camera feed?”

“No it’s okay if he watches.” Maggie replied. “I just don’t want him to hear us discussing our plans for him. Let him think we are still figuring out how long we can keep him locked up.”

Paula nodded and commented “Switching his video feed to the Open House camera anyway in a few minutes.”

“Is the randomizer still set for the Interactive Display?” Maggie asked.

“All systems go, randomizer set to activate one of the devices attached to Phil and then of course the Wrap the Mummy mini game is still set to activate the TENs pins to zap Phil.” Paula pointed to her laptop screen as the lights were turned on in the open house display area and she switched Phil’s video feed to that camera.

Maggie and Paula watched the screen as the security guard did a sweep of the room, making sure everything was good for the second day of the open house. They watched as he circled the golden sarcophagus display.

Maggie told Paula “$20 says he activates the display.”

“He doesn’t have time before the doors open, it’s a bet!” Paula told her.

They watched as he approached the laptop, stopped to read the words on the screen, glanced at his watch, then reached out to press the button.

“Ha!” Maggie exclaimed “I knew it. You owe me $20.”

Paula replied with a raspberry “Thpppptttt! Fine, I'll buy dinner next time.”

They watched the guard watch the slideshow on the laptop screen but when the Wrap the Mummy mini game came up, he looked at his watch and they saw him shake his head and hustle off to the main doors.

Maggie asked curiously “What happens if no one plays the mini game?”

“There’s a timer,” Paula told her “If there is no input after 30 seconds, the game just skips to the next slide and finishes the show. Phil doesn’t get zapped.”

“That's disappointing,” Maggie commented. “I’m sure Phil is disappointed too.”

Paula said nothing, just chuckled.

#### Sunday is my funday

The security guard unlocked the doors into the display area and a small group entered. Paula pointed out several of her co-workers mixed in with these early birds.

“Must be friends and family of workers.” She mentioned.

Maggie watched as the crowd split into several groups, the groups with staff members went to other displays, probably the ones they had worked on. But the main group was immediately drawn to the Golden Sarcophagus in the center of the room, faintly glowing under the bright lights. They reached the foot of the display and lingered for a moment before splitting into roughly two groups on both sides of the sarcophagus. They took pictures and you could practically hear the “ooohs” and “awws” through the camera feed. The two groups reached the head of the display and the open laptop acting as an Interactive Display.

The button was pressed, Paula noted the randomizer had activated the anal plug vibrations at a medium setting. Paula watched as they watched the slide show, they had reached the mini game. One of the parents lifted a small child up and the small child dragged their hand across the screen. The entire middle set of TEN’s pins were activated. It was as random as it could get. The adult then reached over to the screen to fill in the parts the child had missed. No doubt Phil’s muscles were twitching uncontrollably.

“Hey Maggie?” Paula had an idea “Do you think Phil’s muscles jump when we stimulate them?”

“That’s what a TENS unit does right?” Maggie wasn’t sure where Paula was headed.

“But Phil can’t move.” Paula continued “His muscles are trying to push on the locked lid. He might as well be pushing on a ten ton boulder.”

Now it was Maggie’s turn to look thoughtful. “Essentially, yes. We are forcing him to do isometric exercises.”

“You know there might be diet and exercise applications here.” Paula thought out loud.

Maggie was nodding along “We control his intake of calories, we can force him to exercise. You might have something there.”

“Maybe,” Paula smiled. “Of course only if the person likes extreme bondage.”

“Not too many Phils in the world are there?” Maggie stated.

“Luckily you found this one.” Paula replied. “Luckily for Phil he found you, and your perfect feedback loop.”

Maggie repeated her and Phil’s “motto” as it were, “ The more stuck he gets, the hornier he gets. The more stuck he gets, the hornier I get.”

“Which has led our man Phil into his current predicament,” Paula pointed out. “Helplessly stuck inside an almost unbreakable device, unable to move a muscle.”

“Yes,” Maggie purred, Paula could see her trying not to squirm at the thought. Her legs rubbed together, her hips wriggled and she licked her lips. Paula would bet money Maggie’s pussy was wet just thinking about Phil’s plastic prison, how he was completely dependent on her (or Paula) for his eventual release.

#### Not so fun for Phil

Phil watched the tablet view of the room his sarcophagus was displayed in. Assuming everything went according to plan, he’d be released by dinner time tonight. The first group activated his butt plug, then various random TEN’s pins worked his muscles against the unbreakable plastic sandwich he was trapped inside of.

There was a longish break between the early birds waiting to get in and the next group of visitors. Phil had nothing better to do than amuse himself, he drank some water from the bite gag in his mouth, tried to think sexy thoughts so that hs cock would be nice and hard when the next visitor activated a toy randomly.

Speaking of which, here comes a group now. It looked to be a husband and wife, nothing special, just a young couple out on a Sunday. They circled the sarcophagus several times, took some photos with their phones. Eventually they activated the display screen to start the slide show. Phil braced himself wondering what the random device would be.

Phil smiled to himself. It was the cock sleeve, at a medium pace, if he was lucky he might actually manage an orgasm. He had the slide show sequence and timing memorized by now. He was waiting for the mummy mini game that could make or break his orgasm. A quick finger traced over the diagram was almost pleasurable. It was when the person dragged their finger slowly, which resulted in longer and more powerful shocks that he usually had no orgasm. The pain overrode the pleasure.

He stared intently into the tablet and watched the couple watching the screen. Right about now…

The look of momentary confusion as the slide show was stopped and the mini game appeared, along with instructions on how to play. Phil had never actually seen the slide show but he knew what happened and when, he’d seen it a dozen times already and he was very motivated to understand what was happening.

The man was reaching for the screen, but the wife said something and dragged on his arm. He shrugged and waved at the screen. Phil could practically hear the dialogue.

“Let me honey!” the wife says, reaching out for his arm.

The husband replies with a wave at the screen “After you my love.”

The wife stepped closer and reached out hesitantly, Phil wondered what she’d touch first.

ZAP! Right in the crotch and she was not letting go. Phil gasped as his hard and aching cock got a taste of electricity suddenly. He moaned around the gag, almost whimpering.

Then it spread to the rest of his hip area in a circular motion, she was obviously drawing in circles, expanding out from his hips. Each pass crept higher up his belly, and lower down his legs. She was filling it in slowly and each pin gave him a good long zap. Still smarting from her first assault on his body, he never recovered enough to enjoy the cock sleeve and its milking action before the slideshow ended and the couple wandered off.

“That was brutal.” Phil thought to himself, I was counting on getting some satisfaction from that session but she had zapped his most sensitive area first and longest.

“It is always the innocent looking ones who have the dirtiest minds.” Phil mentally mused. “I’ll bet Paula’s technicians are going to get a lot of data from this session in the sarcophagus.”

Phil sighed and thought “Maybe next time, I’ll get to cum.”

#### Open House Finale

There was another luncheon served Sunday from noon to 1pm with the exhibits shut down for the free lunch. No speeches today, just people chit chatting and it was mostly workers this time, not many people from outside.

It passed uneventfully and then it was the final afternoon of the Open House. Paula and Maggie retreated to her lab to once again monitor Phil’s environment remotely.

There was a bit of a rush mid afternoon of people who didn’t want to miss the event but had left it till the last minutes of Sunday.

Paula and Maggie watched as Phil was vibrated, sucked, pulsed and zapped multiple times in a row. Sadly for him, none of those sessions amounted to him achieving an orgasm.

Paula turned to Maggie and said “You know most of this data is going to show how to not give someone an orgasm. Poor Phil.”

Maggie smiled at Paula before answering “But that is the best part, it gets Phil all wound up and hopeful, only to crush his desires at the last moment.”

“You don’t want him to complete?” Paula asked curiously.

“It should be super rare and completely random.” Maggie told her “It’s the hope that maybe this time is the time that keeps Phil desperate and wanting more. If he had one every time he’d be bored.”

“That sounds like game theory, the whole random drop of treasure or loot in a game, making you keep playing for those rare moments of reward.” Paula commented.

Maggie nodded her head “I’ll bet you could use game theory to program the brains in the sarcophagus to play Phil’s body and mind like the proverbial fiddle. Just enough rewards to leave him begging for more.”

While they had been discussing game theory, another group had tormented Phil and left him denied.

Maggie noted “Regular stream of customers this afternoon.”

“He’ll be very wound up by the end of today.” Paula agreed.

“He won’t be the only one.” Maggie winked at Paula.

Paula nodded her head. “My house tonight?”

“Absolutely.” Maggie agreed.

“Excellent,” Paula remarked. “I have a new head harness I want to try out.”

“We will see.” Maggie smirked. “Maybe if you beg nicely.”

Paula pouted prettily, but wisely refrained from saying anything else.

“Learning already,” Maggie teased her. “Clever girl.”

“Clever enough to know it’s closing time.” Paula pointed at the screen as the security guard swept through the exhibit hall and started turning off lights.

Maggie asked “How long do you think it’ll be before they pack Phil and the sarcophagus up to move to the museum?”

Paula, still watching the screens, said “Now. I know they thought it would be a tight deadline, but that’s fast.”

Four men in overalls had entered the room and one of them was talking to the security guard. Two of them were measuring the display with a tape measure. The fourth one had a powered pallet jack with two wooden pallets on top of it. He pulled the pallets off the jack and placed them alongside the sarcophagus.

The security guard waved at the men as he left the room. The four men each took a corner of the display and placed lifting straps under the corners. Using the lifting straps they attempted to lift the sarcophagus. While they were able to move it slightly they could not get it high enough to move onto the pallets.

“Heavier than they expected.” Maggie remarked. “I wonder what Phil is thinking?”

Paula was monitoring Phil’s bio signs. “Heart rate elevated of course. Brain activity wild and all over.”

The men had a short discussion then all left the room as a group. They must have been parked close by because they returned with a variety of equipment and supplies in less than ten minutes.

They had some sort of small crane, it looked a lot like an engine lift Maggie had seen in her father’s shop.

Two of the men worked on threading a larger lifting strap through the four corner straps and then used a hook on the small crane to attach it to the lifting arm. A jack handle protruded out of the back of the lifting arm and one man worked it up and down. Slowly lifting the sarcophagus the needed five inches off the ground to slip the pallets underneath.

While the two men used the small crane to place the sarcophagus on the pallets, the other two men had sorted out their lumber and other supplies. Once the sarcophagus had been lowered and the larger lifting strap removed. They immediately placed a piece of plywood on top of the enclosure, then placed L-shaped pieces of lumber overlapping the outer edge on both sides. One of the men then fed steel strapping through the pallets and under the sarcophagus and met in the middle on top. Using a device to tighten the steel strapping, bind it together and cut it. They placed four loops of steel, two to a pallet over the sarcophagus, even looking through the camera Maggie and Paula could tell how tight the steel bands were as they cut into the L-shaped pieces of wood protecting the sarcophagus enclosure.

“There’s a handy little toy.” Maggie noted softly. .

Paula nodded and said “MIght cut into a person's flesh a little too much.”

“Not applied directly to a person, I was thinking more of an additional layer of inescapable,” Maggie agreed with her. “Right now we couldn’t even get Phil out of there.”

Paula nodded yes, while staring off into space a little dreamily herself.

“I’d bet Phil is having the same thoughts as you naughty girl!” Maggie snapped her fingers in front of Paula.

They both could see his pleasure centers were active, along with some other areas.

“What did you predict Paula?” Maggie asked “Adrenaline, fear, desire?”

Paula corrected her softly “Panic, adrenaline, arousal.” Still staring off at an idea only she could see.

The work men had kept working, first using the powered pallet jack to lift the now strapped to the pallets sarcophagus and enclosure off the floor, and then use it to guide it from the room.

“Now here’s the big question.” Maggie asked, “Do we keep up the illusion for Phil of not knowing this was planned?”

Paula added “Or tell him it’s all part of a plan before he leaves the building and I may or may not continue to have connectivity with him once he reaches the museum?”

“Almost forgot, we might not be able to access things once he leaves,” Maggie replied.

“Also we didn’t empty him out like you had planned,” Paula told Maggie.

“Damn, you’re right!” Maggie pulled out her phone and activated the cock sleeve app. “Hope he’s not out of range yet!”

She pressed a few buttons and smiled “Confirmed,” she told Paula. “Received new orders, set to auto milk him, once.”

Paula pointed at the data feeds, “For now, we are still receiving the information from the “Brain Box” I built into the base of the sarcophagus.” She sounded relieved. “Assuming the museum has an open guest Wifi, we should be able to continue receiving information once he’s placed on display there. But our little bluetooth apps are not going to work unless we are inside their lobby.”

“Which devices are those?” Maggie asked.

“The headphones and microphone app, the enema device and of course the cock sleeve.” Paula listed them off. “I actually routed the tablet through the brain box because of bandwidth issues with bluetooth vs Wifi connectivity. So the tablet will shut down as soon as the brain box gets out of wifi range.”

“So assuming the museum has a public wifi and your brain box autoconnects, we can then remote the tablet through our connection to it.” Maggie summarized.

“Yes,” Paula replied “Hopefully they have some web cameras inside the museum that will cover the area where the charity event is being held.”

“So we can at least show Phil where he is,” Maggie finished. “Wait, they took the laptop with your Interactive Display software, didn’t they?”

Paula looked thoughtful for a moment “You know I wasn’t really watching them in regards to the laptop. I saw one fellow take it off the top of the display and place it closed and off to the side.”

Maggie agreed “But then we were so busy watching them try to lift it, then package it all up. I never saw what happened to the laptop again.”

Paula opened up the camera feed on her laptop, only to find the room completely dark except for the Exit signs glowing off to the side.

“The security guard must have gone in after the workers left and shut it all down for the night.” Paula told Maggie.

“Well can’t we pop over there and just look?” Maggie asked.

“No,” Paula explained “We received an email. All exhibits are to be picked up Monday morning during work hours. No exceptions. Besides, my exhibit isn’t even in there, what excuse would I have?”

“Well then, we can’t do anything more from here.” Maggie said “Let’s go over to your place, and hope your brain in the box is smart enough to connect itself to the museum public wifi.”

Paula grabbed her laptop and locked up her lab. They headed to the parking lot with a quick stop by the conference room just to confirm it was locked up for the night. Once outside they took their own cars back to Paula’s apartment.

Paula opened the door and ushered Maggie in, they called up the museum website and looked for links to any webcams the museum had in place.

#### A night at the museum

The museum had several webcams and they called up the one marked Main Lobby. It was apparently a view from the main doors back into the entrance area to the museum, a very large rotunda with an information desk dead center was very clearly shown in high definition. Archways could be seen around the border of the rotunda with signs designating the areas, Natural History, Paleontology, Fine Arts, and an Egyptology wing. It was behind and to the right of the main desk and there was a flurry of activity going on around it. A balloon arch was being put up, a grand opening banner, tables and a drink station. In the middle of all this activity was a bright red area carpet about 8x12 feet in size, cordoned off with velvet ropes and brass stanchions. Although it was not the focal point of the camera, it was in the camera's field of view.

Maggie pointed to the screen “I’d bet money that’s where our sarcophagus will be placed for tonight's events.”

“Yes, it’s the right size,” Paula nodded in agreement. “And a place of high visibility.”

“The good news is we’ll have a relatively clear view from this camera.” Maggie allowed some relief into her voice.

“I wish we could have wrangled tickets to the event.” Paula still sounded worried.

“A hundred dollar a plate charity dinner?” Maggie snorted “Not likely, and not on short notice.”

“Speaking of dinner,” Paula said, “Let’s order some delivery. Still two hours to the event.”

Maggie and Paula decided on Thai food and had an order placed and on its way to Paula’s apartment before the workmen arrived with the Golden Sarcophagus. They watched with interest as the workmen arrived on camera with the item still safely strapped on the wooden pallets. Using the same powered pallet jack they maneuvered the display piece onto the center of the red carpet as they had expected. One of them ran off to get something as the other three cut the steel strapping bands and removed the plywood and boards from the top. They could be seen visibly checking the top edge of the display, especially where the steel straps had been. Maggie and Paula could not see anything through the camera, and after watching all three of them run their hands over the smooth plastic, they assumed the workmen found no damage either.

The last workman had reappeared on camera with the small crane they had needed to lift the display high enough to remove the pallets. They reversed the process and successfully had the black display centered on the red carpet an hour before the event. A cleaning crew came in and vacuumed the carpet and replaced the velvet ropes and brass stanchions around the display. Someone unseen must have flipped a light switch because suddenly the sarcophagus was brilliantly lighted from above. The metal infused plastic of the sarcophagus positively glowed inside the black display cage. Several of the staff setting up the tables and other items stopped and stared for a few minutes. Someone in a ball gown with a clipboard and a gentleman in a fancy suit both approached it and looked intently at the sarcophagus while engaged in an animated conversation.

Both Maggie and Paula wished they had enabled Phil’s plastic home with an outside microphone.

Maggie mentioned it out loud “ You know what we need to install?”

“A microphone to hear what people are saying about the sarcophagus?” Paula commented.

“Exactly,” Maggie grinned “also make it so Phil can hear comments too.”

“Speaking of friend Phil,” Paula was doing things on her laptop. “Excellent, the brain in the box was smart enough.”

Triumphantly she pressed a button and the feed for Phil’s tablet switched on and they could see it was the same as the webcam view of the Museum main entry they had been watching on Paula’s laptop. The biomonitoring was activated again, and they could see heart rate, respiration, brain activity. All of which showed a sudden spike as the tablet was activated and Phil could “see” again.

“Also let’s run all the apps through your brain in the box. If possible.” Maggie asked Paula. “I really wish we could talk to Phil right now and reassure him, we know where he is and why he is there.”

“Possibly,” Paula responded, “We already have the devices tied into the brain for biomonitoring reporting purposes.”

Paula was jotting notes down into her personal laptop. “Microphone so Phil can hear nearby peoples comments. Run all apps through the Wifi connected Brain in the box.”

Paula continued thinking out loud. “Maybe a tracking chip, just in case someone drives off with Phil unexpectedly.”

Maggie was nodding along as she watched the charity event continue to be set up on the web camera feed from the Museum.

“Hopefully someone borrowing the sarcophagus with Phil inside is not a regular event!” Maggie chuckled at the idea.

Paula laughed along with Maggie, but still she worried about Phil, helplessly locked inside the inescapable prison she had designed and built. She wondered what was going through his mind right now, she wondered what she would be feeling in his place. She gave a little involuntary shiver at the idea. How would it feel to be locked up like Phil was?

#### The star attraction

Phil’s tablet had shown the exhibit being shut down, and he had expected to see some workmen get him moved back to the lab so that Maggie and Paula could get him out. He was rather surprised when four workmen in overalls he didn’t recall being the same as the overalls the previous men had worn. But they seemed efficient, laying out wooden pallets, getting him lifted and onto the pallets. But they were adding a lid of sorts, and some sort of bracing, now steel strapping to hold everything together?

Phil supposed it made sense so the display didn’t fall off the pallets as it was moved back to the lab. He hoped Maggie and Paula had the means to cut the straps once he was delivered. He watched as the four workmen maneuvered him out of the hall and out of sight of the camera feed. Just then the cock sleeve activated and ran through its test mode. Phil sighed in relief, recognizing the automatic milking function. Maggie had taken pity on his lack of cumming all day to reward him with one as he was being returned to the lab.

He could feel the sarcophagus bouncing slightly as he was moved. It seemed to take a lot longer than it had to deliver him in the first place. But he was concentrating on the lovely sensations of the cock milker which was doing its best to bring him a long delayed amount of relief.

Phil felt the sarcophagus drop and a loud thud reached him through all the plastic, he thought it was more felt than heard. But in any case it was unexpected and Phil wondered if they had somehow dropped him even with all the precautions.

For a while nothing seemed to happen, although Phil wasn’t sure, maybe he was moving? It kinda felt like when they had shipped him from the lab back to the warehouse in the third version after the holiday weekend. Worrying about being moved again did have a side effect of distracting him from cumming for a few minutes. Eventually the cock milker worked its magic and Phil had a pleasant orgasm. But that had distracted him and he felt unmoored. Keeping track of time in the sarcophagus without any outside feedback was nearly impossible, Phil felt like it had been 45 minutes, maybe an hour and he was definitely being lifted again. The lift, stop, lift, stop sensation of the pallet jack lifting him off the ground was unmistakable.

The question was where was he?

There was a sensation of movement, stopping, some back and forth motion, then being lowered, then lifted again, then lowered?

There was nothing happening for a minute, maybe three, when suddenly his tablet activated with a completely new view.

Phil stared at it intently; it looked like a large open space, with some sort of round desk in the center. There were openings on both sides of the space and Phil read the signage. Paleontology, Natural History, Fine Arts, and Egyptology. In front of the Egyptology area was an obvious event happening and dead center of the event Phil could see a familiar black display with a golden sarcophagus inside it, glowing under a bright spotlight. He noted the velvet ropes and the giant red carpet under the display. The tables and balloons, party decorations, drink station, obviously they had been given his sarcophagus as a prop for an event of some kind.

Unless? Phil had a panicked thought, what if Paula’s company had given the museum the sarcophagus for a permanent display?!?! How long would he survive locked inside? Would the girls be forced to tell someone, so they could have him rescued? Would they attempt to break him out themselves?

Phil was panicking, he knew he was panicking, it didn’t help. From sheer force of will he slowed his breathing down and thought about the situation. Maggie and Paula would never allow him to be hurt, they must have known about this and thought it through. They obviously had a plan of some kind. The tablet view shifting to this event was proof they knew where he was. They must have routed the camera feed to him and activated it remotely. So they were aware of his current location, they must have thought it would be a hilarious surprise to not tell him he was being shipped to some place completely different. Ha ha, he thought angrily, very funny.

Phil tried to relax his muscles and slow down his brain. He watched with interest as the staff set up the event. He had to admit his plastic prison looked very pretty center stage under the spotlight. A real eye catcher, no doubt it’s primary purpose at this event. He had been used to previously seeing a more top down view of the enclosure and his personal tomb. He had to admit it was very pretty to see it from the side in all its glory, glowing under the bright lights. Even if it was some distance from the camera, then further reduced on his tablet view.

#### The Museum Guests arrive

Maggie and Paula were just as raptly watching the Museum camera feed as Phil was. They too watched as the event was set up, tables just so, a portable bar off to the side. Banners, balloons, decorations, it was controlled chaos and the woman in the blue ballgown with her clipboard seemed to be at the center of it all.

“Social director?” Maggie asked, pointing at her as she passed from left to right on their screen, on her way to do something.

“Event coordinator?” Paula guessed.

Maggie nodded, “That makes sense, they probably brought in a professional.”

“I think they are almost all set.”

They both watched as the various staff, caterers, waiters and others, stood off to the side. As the event coordinator swept through from the main entrance area, down a carpeted path and between the various tables till she reached the center and the sarcophagus display. She circled it once, her attention on the tables, facing away from the centerpiece display. She pointed and said something, one of the staff hurried over and adjusted a table decoration. She made another circle this time looking out over the sarcophagus, her attention still on the room at large. Apparently the view met with her approval , she could be seen clearly smiling and she clapped her hands.

Then suddenly after all the previous chaos and moving bodies, everyone was gone. Or at least off camera, so gone for Maggie and Paula. Apparently the lady in blue, having been satisfied with the set up, didn't want anything touched again and had given the staff a break before the event started.

Meanwhile Maggie and Paula were busily consuming their Thai food and only randomly glancing at the screen or Phil’s vital signs now and then.

“If it starts at 6pm and it includes dinner. How long do you think an event like this will go on?” Paula asked Maggie.

“Well it’s Sunday night, the Museum opens Monday morning at 9am.” Maggie had looked up their hours earlier “Assuming they stay to clean it all up after the party, I’d say midnight at the latest.”

“You know I never did ask Mikey, the sales guy, when the museum would be returning our sarcophagus.” Paula frowned.

“They didn’t say they were adding it to the exhibit, so they won’t want to leave it just laying out there.” Maggie pondered the problem. “Let’s assume they’ll box him up again before they open. That means as long as we see a work crew between 8am to 9am, Phil will be headed back first thing in the morning.”

Paula looked at Maggie with wide eyes “What if there’s no work crew before they open tomorrow?”

Maggie smiled and said confidently “We’ll cross that bridge tomorrow. Tonight let’s watch Phil get a room full of attention from rich museum guests.”

“Just imagine how much fun he’s having in there, helpless, controlled, on display without anyone knowing he’s there.” Maggie continued, almost as if to convince herself. “I know Phil has a public fetish kink, as long as no one could find him or see him.”

“I have to admit “ Paula said softly while staring at the screen showing Phil’s plastic prison. “I wonder what it would feel like. Helpless, the potential of being discovered, yet knowing even if everyone in that room knew he was in there, none of them could open it.”

#### Revelations

Maggie looked at Paula knowingly. “You want a turn in there don’t you?”

Paula blushed. “Trapped inside my own creation, helpless, and at the whims of a dominant friend?”

“Exactly,” Maggie smiled. “Do you?”

Paula sighed, and in almost a whisper said, “Yes.”

“Why don’t you go get that new head harness you wanted to try out and a set of cuffs, wrist and ankle.” Maggie suggested playfully.

Paula eagerly ran off to her bedroom to fetch the items, looking forward to being played with by Maggie.

Maggie called out “Oh and the purple vibrator, you know the one I like.”

“I’ll find it!” Paula responded excitedly.

Maggie smiled and thought to herself “Now whether or not she used it on Paula was a different question, but let her hope for now.”

The head harness had a built in gag, so Maggie placed that off to the side for now. Instead she used the ankle and wrists cuffs to place Paula in a naked hogtie on her own sofa, but in a position to watch the Museum event on the laptop. It was almost 6pm and the staff had reappeared, taking up stations around the room ready to serve guests. The lady in the blue ball gown had also reappeared with her clipboard and a smile pasted on her face.

She signalled someone unseen but probably stationed at the front doors. Maggie and Paula watched as some guests arrived, appearing in front of the camera and walking the red carpet over to the sarcophagus display and then headed to the drink station, grabbing drinks and heading to their seats. Some returned to look at the display, a few cameras were pulled out and selfies taken with the exhibit.

Everyone was dressed in their glamorous best, sequined dresses the norm, men in tuxedos escorting them. A few younger, more bold types, were wearing things more appropriate for a Hollywood event than a local Museum charity dinner. Plunging necklines, bare back dresses, men in purple dinner jackets and asymmetrically styled dress shirts. It was a colorful company of the locally rich and famous.

Maggie stared raptly at the live feed, trying to recognize the who’s who parading across the laptops screen. She too was sitting on the sofa, near Paula’s currently folded up legs, her right hand resting on Paula’s lovely round ass.

“Quite the gathering, to see your display.” Maggie admired it.

Paula, not really paying attention to the screen and more attention to Maggie’s hand on her ass, agreed with Maggie.

Maggie glanced at Paula, she seemed to be staring off into space and only incidentally looking at the gala event.

In a soft voice Maggie started talking “Imagine Phil, trapped inside, the plastic cupping every square inch of him. Completely unable to do anything more than breathe, drink water, and think about how horny he is.”

A small moan escaped from Paula and she rubbed her thighs together, making the metal hardware wrapped around her ankles and fastened together to clink.

“Now Imagine it’s you in there Paula, I’ve closed the lid and locked you inside your own creation. Then had you crated, strapped down, and shipped to put on exhibit at the Museum.” Maggie said all while letting her hand now holding the purple vibrator on a low setting roam around Paula’s legs and ass.

Maggie continued as Paula closed her eyes and fantasized about being inside her own sarcophagus. “We’ve made some changes for the interior of yours of course. We can reuse the enema device, the bite gag, but instead of a cock sleeve we’ve placed a very talented remotely controlled vibrator. Once that lid shuts its inside you, no way to remove it. Literally part of the unbreakable, inescapable prison you’ve built for yourself.”

Paula was moaning by the time Maggie stopped talking. Some of that was her own imagination, some of it the vibrator that Maggie had let slip between Paula’s thighs as she was talking.

“Just think of all the horrible things I’ve done to Phil so far having him under my utter control and how much more fun I’ll have with you trapped inside there too.”

Maggie paused “too”? She thought to herself. Was it possible to have them both trapped? What if she made them interact with each other somehow. Or played with one while the other reacted to the results. So by making Phil cum for example it triggered the vibrators functions inside Paula? Hadn’t she read somewhere online about telesex toys? Partners could use the internet enabled devices to effectively have sex with each other over great distances. Paula could suck on her dildo shaped gag to get a drink and Phil’s cock milker would duplicate the sensations on his cock.

Paula meanwhile was moaning and grinding against her sofa, panting and begging Maggie to finish her. Maggie left the vibrator wedged between Paula’s thighs and fetched her head harness. She placed the gag against Paula’s lips and Paula allowed the large ball in her mouth. Maggie had a moment's confusion sorting out the straps and buckles but soon figured out how to apply the harness and tighten it up. Paula’s moaning was muffled and she could no longer form words to beg.

Maggie pushed Paula onto her side and applied the vibrator directly to her clitoris. Paula’s moaning reached new levels as she squirmed under Maggie’s assault with the powerful vibrator.

“I’m closing the lid on your sarcophagus Paula, the vibrator is right up against your lips.” Maggie positioned the vibrator just outside Paula’s sex. “The lid is shutting, it’s being inserted deep inside you.” Maggie slowly inserted the dildo portion of the vibrator inside Paula to match the story she was telling. Paula was thrashing about as much as the hog tie allowed her.

“I have full remote control,” Maggie turned the speed up to medium and changed the vibration pattern.

Paula’s entire body shuddered, Maggie knew that she was very close to an orgasm.

Maggie suddenly turned the device off but left it inserted “I can deny you.” Paula whimpered piteously around her gag staring wide eyed at Maggie.

“Or reward you.” Maggie turned it all the way to high and pressed it firmly into Paula. Even through her well gagged mouth Maggie heard Paula’s almost scream of pleasure, followed by her muscles locking and straining against the cuffs holding her in the hogtie position. Maggie held it in place inside Paula’s body, while she shuddered, and shook for several minutes before turning it off and slowly pulling out the sopping wet device.

“But no matter what I choose, you will be my helpless prisoner.” Maggie drew out her next words “In your own…inescapable…unbreakable…personal…sarcophagus.”

Paula’s body shuddered again and Maggie wondered if she had managed a little aftershock just from imagining being helpless inside her own device.

Maggie placed the drenched vibrator off to the side and released Paula’s hogtie, while still leaving her gagged, and cuffed at wrists and ankles. Paula curled up on the sofa and Maggie covered her with a handy blanket. Occasionally Paula would twitch, like a current had run through her. Maggie smiled indulgently and let her rest for now.

Maggie returned her attention to the laptop monitoring the live web camera feed from the Museum. While she had been playing with Paula the guests must have finished arriving and now staff were serving everyone plates of food, refilling wine glasses and all the other small tasks associated with serving a hundred people dinner. All under the watchful eye of the lady with the clipboard.

Maggie saw the gentleman Paula had dubbed Mr Suit from his visit to the Open House. He was doing the rounds of the various tables, shaking hands, hugging people, the usual meet & greet. He had caught Maggie’s eye when he had paused and engaged the assumed event coordinator in the blue dress with her clipboard. Both of them had glanced at their wristwatches, which Maggie found odd, but she assumed it had to do with the timing of the evening's events.

Mr. Suit finished talking to Ms. Blue Dress and made a beeline for one of the tables, he had an ear to ear smile pasted on his face and Maggie was convinced he was about to ask someone for money, or a “generous donation” of some kind.

The person he was talking to had their back to the camera, but at some point the person sitting to their right got up and Mr Suit took his seat. The person he was talking to turned in his chair to face Mr Suit and Maggie got a good side view of him.

Maggie reached out to Paula and shook her. “Paula sweetheart, wake up.”

Paula grunted and tried to roll over, still being cuffed made that difficult and she woke up confused.

Paula grunted around the gag. Maggie sat next to her and unbuckled the harness and gag.

“I hate to wake you up Paula,” Maggie told her “But look at this web feed, is that Mr Suit talking to your Fantastic Plastics President?”

Paula tugged at her wrists still cuffed behind her, Maggie unclipped the carabiner clip holding them together. Once Paula had her hands free she sat up on the sofa and leaned into the laptop to get a better view.

Mr Suit could be seen talking with his hands, empathizing whatever it was he was saying. The man he was talking to turned to look to the side again and Paula got a good look at his profile.

“Yes, that is the company President,” she confirmed to Maggie.

Maggie pondered out loud “I wonder what he is doing there tonight?”

Paula replied “My guess is they gave him a free seat for donating the Sarcophagus prop.”

“Give away a free $100 plate at a charity dinner?” Maggie looked dubious.

“Probably just want more rich people to bid.” Paula told her.

“Bid?” Maggie asked curiously

“Charity Dinner and Auction.” Paula told her. “Even with 100 guests at $100 a plate, that would only raise $10,000. They are obviously counting on the auction to generate the real money later.”

Maggie and Paula both were watching the web feed and saw the two men shake hands and Mr Suit ran off to talk to Ms Blue Dress.

“Why does that worry me?” Maggie asked rhetorically. Paula just nodded her agreement silently, still staring at the laptop and their view into the museum event.
