---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Rubber Baroness 12
authors:
- RubberH
tags:
- F+-fm+
- D-s
- latex
- bond
- rubberslaves
- liquid rubber
- mc
- conditioning
- bagged
- cocoon
- bodymod
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2009-11-08 00:00:00
---

continued from [part 11](rubber_baroness11.html)

**Part Twelve**

Three days had passed and Alice had not heard from the Baroness'
kidnappers. The chief of security at the Baroness' company discovered that one
of his guards had been actually an impostor. Before he could be seized and
questioned, the Baroness had been kidnapped. The impostor had tried to erase the
security tape from the garage, but Martin had redundant systems installed, so
that deliberate sabotage of the security system would be impossible.

Alice insisted that the police not be called. There would be too many
questions. Besides, there must have been another motive if no ransom had yet
been demanded. Martin concurred and contacted an old college friend of his, who
had established a very discrete private security firm. Martin was not going to
trust his own people after they screwed up. There was going to be a major
shakeup once his sister was returned.

The Baroness was starving. She was only allowed water, and the frequent
visits to the sauna was begining to take its toll. She knew that if she wasn't
rescued, the only other way she could win was to die. She had only a faint hope
left.

Mistress Clarice's rubberslaves had not disposed of the Baroness' clothes
and other belongings. They gathered up what was left in the van, and proceeded
to the incinerator. In the fanny pack that the Baroness was wearing, was her
cell phone. At Martin's insistence, a special feature had been installed in the
cell phones of all executives of the company. If the owner of the phone did not
enter a code into it each day, it would send a silent call every hour to the
company's security force.

The problem was that the van and thus the phone, were in an underground
parking garage, which prevented the signal from getting out. Once the
rubberslaves moved the phone outside, the call was able to be made. The other
lucky break was that the incinerator was not scheduled to burn anything until
the next day. This gave Martin's friend a quick fix on the Baroness' location.
Within an hour, Matrix Rubberwear had been invaded by several, well-armed men.
The rubberslaves gave up without a fight, and Mistress Clarice was bundled off
to the Baroness' castle, as Alice's 'special' guest.

Doctors Ernstmeyer had arranged for the Baroness' recuperation at home, as
they knew that any publicity would be sure to draw attention. Martin and Alice
both agreed, but more because they wanted to make sure she got the best care;
surrounded by her friends and family, rather than a hospital full of strangers.

It took several weeks for the Baroness to recover from the near starvation
and loss of fluids. Her body needed physical therapy from the horrible
constriction of the mummification. In time though, she made a remarkable
recovery.

As for Mistress Clarice. Alice had plans for her. Plans which would kick-
off a new product being offered by Alicetta Fashions and the newly acquired
Matrix Rubberwear. It would be shown at the next Dressing for Pleasure ball
which would be in six months.

As the Baroness gained back her strength, Martin would make frequent
visits to see her and his nephew. In her absence, he was running the company,
but he claimed that he was in over his head and she needed to come back as soon
as she was able. She knew he was just saying that to help her get back to her
old self.

But the Baroness wasn't keeping still. She had plans which were gaining
momentum. The fax machine and phone were being used for hours. Email went back
and forth. When she was well enough to receive visitors other than close friends
and family, she arranged meetings in her home office. Alice was not privy to
these and she was worried that Gretta was taxing her strength too much. But the
Baroness seemed to thrive on this. It was part of the secret that Alice had
accidentally discovered when it slipped that there were more rubberslaves being
created.

Alice was looking at the books of Alicetta, doing a spot check of
expenses; when she came across a payment for rent on a warehouse. Alicetta
already had a warehouse. This one wasn't it. Looking at the Baroness' key ring,
she saw one that was not familiar. She decided to go to the address written on
the check.

The warehouse was not large, but it wasn't small either. There were people
working at the loading dock; shipping large plastic drums into a truck. Alice
went into the warehouse and asked to see the manager. Her German was still bad,
but the man on the loading dock understood what she wanted and took her to the
office. Soon, a middle-aged woman stood in front of her. When Alice said who she
was, the woman who was at first very rude, suddenly became very apologetic and
became almost slavish in her behavior. She escorted Alice to a door near the
back of the warehouse. Alice put the strange key into the lock. It fit, and she
opened the door.

Inside, Alice was stunned by what she saw.

Hanging from the steel girders on heavy chains, were nearly one hundred
rubber bags. The same kind that had imprisoned her when she was held in the
liquid rubber 'womb'. Feeding/breathing tubes led into the bags, while tubes for
wastes came out of the bags and into a central sewer pipe. The bags were in
different colors and plastic tags were attached to the tops. Alice looked at the
tag on a bright pink rubber bag. It said 'February', and the year.

Alice knew that each of these bags contained a rubberslave. The date was
February... of last year! There was someone trapped inside this thing for all
that time! She went to the other bags. Some had fairly recent dates, some were
months old. She also noticed that each bag also had wires running down the chain
and into the bag. There also connected to the wires, a jack for a
headphone/microphone. She noticed a set nearby and placed them on her head. She
plugged them into the jack and listened.

A soft voice kept repeating itself, over and over:
"I love to suck cock..... I can't get enough cock..... My Master's cock
needs to be sucked..."

Alice went over to the next bag. The same voice said something different.

"I must pleasure my Mistress... I must lick Mistress' pussy.... I must lick
her until she says stop... I must never stop licking Mistress' pussy."

There were others:

"My asshole is only for my Master... My mouth is only for my Master... My
body is only for my Master."

"Pain is Pleasure... Pleasure is Pain"

Each colored bag had the same message; so some rubberslaves were to orally
serve Mistresses; some to be used anally; some to have other purposes.   Alice could see what the Baroness meant by increased production of
rubberslaves. The question now is... Why?

"Would you like to see the milking facility?", said the manager. Alice
almost had forgotten about her. She nodded yes.

They went into the next room. Alice soon heard the sounds of machinery and
also, low moaning. Her next surprise nearly caused her to faint.

Two dozen teenage boys were secured to steel frames with thick rubber body
harnesses; being suspended off the floor of the warehouse. But it was the fact
that they had HUGE balls and cocks! Each cock was maybe a foot and half long and
so thick, she couldn't get her hands completely around them. Their balls were... 
well,  bigger than beachballs. They were also bright blue... just like ‘blueballs’, the slave she saw at the first party the Baroness let her attend. These were also harnessed so that they didn't touch the floor.

Each slave was hooked to a milking machine. A probe was inserted into
their asses and Alice supposed it was a prostate stimulator, so that they would
become more sexually aroused.

The slaves were not gagged. Instead a rubber dildo has placed into their
mouths and they voluntarily were sucking on them. Alice could see a whitish
liquid occasionally go through the tubes attached to the dildo.

"The mix is approximately 3 to 1.", said the woman.

"Mix?" , asked Alice.

"Yes. Three parts cum, to one part nutrient. The sucker slaves receive a 6
to 1 mix. Of course, the addictive properties of the nutrient will cause the
slaves to want more cum to satisfy themselves."

"So they become addicted to sucking cock?"

"Yes, of course. Since large amounts of cum are needed to satisfy the
slaves' craving, these subjects have been altered to provide as much as is
needed."

"Gee, where are the pussy lickers?",  Alice said sarcastically.

"This way.", the woman replied. Alice followed her.

Like the male slaves, there were two dozen women strapped to steel frames
by rubber harnesses. They had a unique difference.

Their pussys were changed so that dildos several inches thick were
continuously ramming them. Their clits were abnormally large so as to be
subjected to continuous sexual stimulation. If Alice didn't know that these were
women, she would have thought that they were men... the clits were six inches
long! As the dildos withdrew, their juices would flow into a collection pipe and
into a small tank. From there, the juices went into another set of rubber bagged
slaves, as well as into the harnessed women's mouths.

"When final transport is confirmed, we'll have everything ready on time
Mistress Alice.', said the woman. "I hope you will forgive me for being so rude
to you. You may whip me if you so choose."

Alice was tempted, but she was late for supper.

The Baroness had made a complete recovery from her ordeal. To celebrate,
she planned a special party and had invited every prominent rubberist that could
make it.

Alice had changed her mind and planned to give a sneak preview of her new
device.  It was to be a specially satisfying demonstration. A personal, as well
as a business triumph.

All of the Baroness' friends arrived. Rubber was of course, the dress code
and no effort was spared to show her how much they cared and respected her. The
Baroness almost broke into tears when she saw this, but she quickly regained her
composure. Tonight was going to be the most important event in rubberist
history, and she wanted to put on the best presentation she ever gave.

Alice had kept quiet about her discovery at the warehouse. The manager of
the warehouse was there at the party, but she was too busy servicing her
Mistress to even look at Alice. The Baroness would reveal everything; and it
looked like tonight was it.

Alice stroked her swelling belly. She was pregnant again. They had decided
that Johann needed a baby brother or sister.

The Baroness walked into the middle of the room and everyone clinked their
glasses. She smiled and raised her glass. "Friends. Thank you for making this
such a wonderful evening. Alice and I are pleased that you could come for what
we promise will be something that will surprise and delight all of you."

After the applause died down the Baroness continued. "I'd like to announce
that after a lot of hard thought, I've decided to step down from running the day
to day affairs of my family's company. My brother Martin will be assuming my
position, effective tomorrow. But that doesn't mean that I'll be retiring.
Tonight, I'm going to present to you a new concept, no, make that a new
adventure for rubberists worldwide."

The Baroness motioned to numbers one through seven, who carried in a
large, linen-covered platform. They brought it to the center of the ballroom and
set it down. The Baroness took each corner of the cloth, and connected it to a
pulley in the center of the room. She gave a signal, and the platform was
uncovered.

Alice couldn't believe her eyes. It was a scale model that used her
architectural designs. The same ones she had been working on all this time.

"Friends, this is 'Cotytto'; a new resort devoted solely for the use and
pleasure of rubberists.  'Cotytto ' is the name of the great mother goddess of
Thrace, whose festival was notorious for its lewdness. Not that this is going to
be anything else but first class."

"Cotytto?", asked Alice

"It was that, or 'Rubberland';  but I figured that something not so
obvious was in order.", joked the Baroness.

"And by the way... who said that you could use my designs?"

The Baroness smiled. "I guess that I wanted you to have your dream. To
have your designs actually built and lived in."

"Where is this going to go?", asked a guest who had come dressed as a
rubberized version of Marilyn Monroe.

"Isn't this going to cost a lot to build?", inquired a Mistress who had
taken Alice's 'Gemini' suit and encapsulated herself and her slave husband.

The Baroness nodded. "The site is a former military facility, once owned
by a government that I cannot  reveal. Nearly all the infrastructure is there
and has an added advantage of being nearly inaccessible to passing ships. It has
its own airstrip, but it is out of way of the regular plane routes. As for
costs, yes, it's an expensive proposition. I will let you know that our good
friends Kurt and Elke have signed on as investors, and I have commitments from
several others. I just couldn't reveal who they were until tonight. In addition,
all profits from Alicetta Fashions', Matrix Rubberwear division will be applied
to this project."

'This will be the finest resort for rubberists of all sexual tastes. There
are over one hundred rubberslaves that are fully conditioned, and we anticipate
that one hundred and fifty more will be ready by the time that Cotytto will
open. These rubber slaves will fulfill every wish our guests desire. You want a 
rubbermaid to lick your boots, you got it.  You want a rubberized houseboy to
screw every hour, you got it. If we don't have it, we'll make it."

There was a moment of silence, then a long round of applause. It continued
for several minutes. Then finally each guest walked up to the Baroness and
offered support.

Alice was pleased that the Baroness was in such good spirits. In a way, it
was a bit of a letdown as her contribution to the party was certainly not as
dramatic, but it would be just as satisfying.

The Baroness asked for silence and brought Alice to the center of the
room.  They held hands, then the Baroness gave Alice a kiss and allowed her to
present her new invention.

Four rubberslaves were brought out. Two female, two male. They all wore
bizarre looking harnesses. One male and female wore what looked like rubber
bras. The other two wore dildo harnesses.

"Tonight will be a demonstration of what Alicetta Fashions call  'KWIK-
TITS' and 'KWIK-KOCK'. As you know, Gretta and I have created rubberwear that
can conform to any body shape and size. You also have used our 'Super Tit'
fillable breast implants. 'KWIK-TITS' and 'KWIK-KOCK' are a extension of that
technology. However, the problem with the implants is that once it is expanded
to a certain size, it cannot regain its shape. 'KWIK-TITS' and 'KWIK-KOCK'  have
solved that problem."

Alice went to the female with the rubber breast harness. She connected a
hose to a valve in the back of the harness. She then did the same to the male
slave with the dildo. She then walked over to a tank of compressed air and
opened the valve. Instantly the rubber breasts and rubber cock began to enlarge.
The air continued to enter the harnesses, and they continued to get bigger and
bigger. Finally, Alice turned off the valves leaving the female with 130 DD
breasts and the male with a six foot cock and four foot wide balls!

"What can be done with air can be done with liquid.", continued Alice. She
hooked up the other two slaves to a pump and proceeded to fill the 'KWIK-TITS'
and 'KWIK-KOCK' with gallons of liquid rubber. The slaves could not stand and
fell to the floor.  Alice turned off the pump and watched as the helpless slaves
were actually lying on their artificially enlarged body parts.

"However, the best part of this demonstration is yet to come."

Alice opened the doors to the garden. On the other side of the wall the
guests could see a tanker truck had been parked. The truck had the word 'Helium'
written on it. In the center of the garden there was one of the usual slave tie-
down rings. But a thick rope was attached to it and to a winch. The rope rose
into the air. There was something floating high overhead, but since it was a
moonless night, nothing could be seen.

Alice started the winch and it began to pull on the rope, and whatever was
on the end of it. After several seconds a large object appeared overhead. It was
covered in rubber but it had breasts and a cock which were twenty times larger
than what was just demonstrated inside.

"I'd like to introduce you to Mistress Clarice, former owner of Matrix
Rubberwear, and our very special guest."

All the guests began to boo and throw things at the misshapen figure. They
bounced off the super tough 'KWIK-TITS' and 'KWIK-KOCK'.

Alice held up a large knife and offered it to the Baroness. Without
hesitation, she approached Mistress Clarice and whispered in her ear:

"Have a nice flight."

She cut the rope, and the Baroness' former tormentor flew up into the
night sky. The last thing that was heard was a muffled cry.

THE END
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

After a long delay, a new story: “Summer on Cotytto” is in the works. I'd appreciate any comments about this story, and suggestions about continuing
the Adventures of Alice and the Rubber Baroness. Please drop me an email at
masterrubberh@Yahoo.COM
