---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Little Selfbondage
authors:
- Lee
tags:
- Sbm
- spandex
- tights
- panties
- cd
- susp
- gag
- toys
- caught
- F/m
- bond
- bdsm
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
---

As I stood in the shower I filled the bulb with water. The thin nozzle
slipped in with no problem. I squeezed the bulb slowly and enjoyed the
feeling as the warm water slowly rushed inside me. I held it in for a while
then bent down to let it out. I did this several times until I was sure.
I knew I would have the plug in for some time. I finished what I was doing,
dried off and went to get dressed. As I selected my clothes I wished that
these chances would come more often. I really loved bondage. I do it to
my wife when we can, but when I ask her to do it to me she gets weird so
I have to wait till she is out of the house. She is out for the day so
I have several hours to play.

I picked out a vibrating butt plug that was inflatable. It’s about 7”
long and about 2.5” in diameter at its widest point. I got down on my knees
and placed the platform I made under my ass. It was narrow in width and
was just high enough that when I sat on it the bottom of my butt was about
at the top of my heels. I picked coconut-flavored lubricant and applied
it to the tip of the plug. I placed the tip of the plug to the lips of
my ass and slowly started to sit down. Just a little at first. No matter
how many times I did this, I always tighten up. The first time I almost
never got it to go in. I rocked forward a little and started down with
my hips. Being on my knees helped because I could relax and let gravity
do most of the work. I stopped when I felt the first sting of pain as it
pushed past the lips. I paused a second and started down again.

When it
got in about an inch, I rose up a little and started back down. Slowly
sinking onto the plug until I couldn’t stand any more. I rose up and started
down again. Another thing about holding myself off of the plug this way,
as your legs and thigh muscles get tired you naturally drop lower and lower.
I continued to slowly hump the plug. Rising up till it almost came out
and sliding down again trying to relax. Every time I would force myself
down lower, to take a little more of the shaft. As I started down again
I felt my dick start to rise. I was far enough down on the plug I didn’t
have to hold it straight any more. I continued to fuck the plug going a
little lower each time.

I couldn’t totally relax so I reached for the vibrator control. I ran
the control up just a little, ahhh, that’s the trick. As the vibration
started to hum my specter muscle started to relax. I relaxed my legs and
fell lower and lower on the plug. As soon as the vibrator came on my dick
stood at attention, and a drop of white showed up on the tip. I didn’t
touch it because I had an extended pleasure time planned. I rose up on
the plug and started back down. The pain was just enough to make my dick
throb. Up again and back down. I felt my ass widen and went lower on the
plug. Ohh, that’s nice.

Up again and down, as I reached the wide
part of the plug I stopped humping and started to grind my hips in a circular
motion. That helped to relax me up and I started to sink slowly down. WOW!
When the plug finally popped all the way in a pleasurable pain ran through
my body and the lips of my ass closed down onto the small of the plug locking
it into me. I fought the urge to run the vibrator up and turned the control
off. I reached down and wiped off the tip of my dick with my finger. Then
I licked my finger. It tasted like coconut. I used a damp towel to remove
the excess oil and got up to get dressed.

I picked black spandex tights and pulled them on my legs slowly. As
I stretched them up my legs the spandex felt great. I have this thing about
stocking covered legs. Legs covered in silky smooth nylon or spandex, it’s
one of my turn on’s. I like to see women wear them and I like to feel them
on a women, I like to feel them on my legs. I like nylon, spandex or supplex;
supplex is the best because it lets you know it’s there all the time. As
I pulled the second pair on I thought about the sensation. It’s hard to
describe. The first pair squeezes you and grips you tight, setting the
curves that make your legs look so sexy; as the outer pair slides on the
first pair it transmits a vibration. This drives me nuts. The caress of
the spandex runs up your legs, across your thighs to your waist. The extra
compression of the spandex never gives up. The top pair will slide a little
on the bottom pair depending how you move. I’ll wear them under my clothes
during the day when ever possible. I can move just right and get an instant
hard-on.

Next came two pair of firm-control panties. These were black and made
of support spandex, high cut at the legs with a wide waistband that wouldn’t
bunch up. They have a tummy control panel in front that grips extra tight.
As I slid them into place, the pressure from the panties pressed against
my balls and dick and pulled up into my crack pressing the butt plug as
deep as it would go. The tummy control panels force my dick against my
stomach hiding my erection completely. I can wear a tight skirt and you
wouldn’t be able to tell I wasn’t a girl.

Next I selected a long line control bra. It’s almost a corset it was
black nylon with lace around the cups, it had under-wire and hooked up
the front. I start at the bottom closing the hooks. When I finished I slid
the straps over my shoulders. I tugged it down into position; it overlaps
the tights and panties about an inch. I selected my tits; they were balloons
that were filled with karo syrup. I positioned them in my bra adjusting
them until they looked and felt right. I’ve experimented with fluids, water,
ect till I found one that felt and moved just right. The thick fluid gave
my “tits” a real feeling. I could feel the weight of them in my bra. As
I moved they would respond to the motion, the movement would pull and tug
at my bra giving me a sensation that they were real. I made sure the tied
knots of the balloons were positioned where the nipples should be. They
were cold when I first put them in but warmed up fairly quickly.

I decided to go with long sleeve leotards. I put the red one on last.
As I pulled them on my cock pulsed a little from the friction as the spandex
drug across it. I could feel a little more cream come out the tip of my
cock. I pulled the leotards up my arms and adjusted my breast. My nipples
showed through the spandex. It looked like I was turned on like crazy.
Which I was. Once I had the leotards adjusted I turned to accessories.

I choose a 3’ wide leather belt with a roller buckle and put it around
my waist. I pulled it tight and buckled it. I would tighten it more later
on. I got my High Light boots. They were black, zip up, 4” high heel boots.
I sat down to put them on. As I did the butt plug reminded me it was there.
Oh! That felt good.  I rocked back a little to push it a little deeper.
Ahhh. As I put the boots on. I pulled the zipper up and as the leather
wrapped itself around my leg. I almost came. I had to try to relax. I wanted
the bondage. I finished putting on my boots and stood up to survey the
vision in front of me. A few last minute adjustments and I was ready. I
had routed the controls for the vibrator and plug pump out the top of my
tights and down out the leg of my leotards. I made sure the bulb and control
for the butt plug were positioned so I could reach them after I was suspended.

I had set the playground up before I took a shower. As I walked into
the room, all of the spandex was forcing the butt plug to move in and out
ever so slightly with each step. This caused me to grab a breath and a
warm feeling ran over me. I could hardly contain my self. I reached down
and gave the bulb for the plug a couple of pumps. As it grew inside of
me I tried to imagine what a woman would feel like when she is fucked.

I picked up my ball gag. It was a harness type, with a red ball. I put
the ball in my mouth and buckled the straps and pulled them tight. The
ball pulled back into my mouth until I was slightly uncomfortable. I knew
this would be just right. The ball was almost 2” in diameter, large enough
to fill my mouth and protrude just a little. The straps went up my cheeks
and met on the bridge of my nose. There were rings on each cheek and a
buckle strap ran under my chin to force my mouth to close on the ball gag.
As I tighten this strap I knew it would stop most sound from coming out
of my mouth. There was a ring on top to hook a strap to but I wouldn’t
be using that this time. Straps from the cheek rings met buckles attached
to a ring in back. I could hook a strap there and force my head back. I
had used this on my wife before. She loved a good hog-tie. So did I.

I used wrist and ankle cuffs that held with Velcro. I pulled each one
tight and tucked the strap under the ring. I set the hooks on the straps
to the positions that I knew worked the best. On the ankles, they turned
to the inside. On the hands to the inside with the hooks just a little
toward the thumbs.

I checked over the rig. I had a winch mounted to a beam in the center
of the room. The hook for it was touching the floor. There were two 1”
rings 10’ apart, 5’ on either side of the winch hanging from the beam.
Another set of screw eye hooks was anchored to the floor the same distance
apart. I had a 3/8 diamond braid rope running over the right upper hook,
through the lower right hook, across the floor and through the lower left
hook, up to the ceiling and through the upper left hook hanging back to
the floor.

I took a 3” steel ring and right where the rope passed under the winch
hook, pulled a loop of rope up through the steel ring and hooked it to
the winch hook. This allowed the ring to slide along the rope as the cable
rose up. The two loose ends that hung from the beam rings had snaffles
tied about 3 1/2 feet off of the floor. I lay down on my back and pulled
on the left rope until I could reach the snaffle. I hooked this to the
ankle strap on my left leg. I laid back and scooted along the floor until
my butt touched the winch hook. Now I pulled on the right rope tail until
I could reach its snaffle. This of course pulled my left leg up in to the
air and I had to arch up to reach it and hold that position as I hooked
it to my right ankle strap. I relaxed back to the floor. My legs were now
held up in to the air at a 90-degree angle to the floor and at about a
30-degree outward angle. I reached down and tightened the belt around my
waist as tight as I could get it. This pulled my 34” waist down to about
28” just above my hip bones.

Now came the hard part. I made sure the winch control was where I could
reach it. The bulb and vibrator control too. I lifted up my ass, resting
on my shoulders and pulling up with my legs against the ropes. This allowed
me to reach under my ass and clip the snaffle on my left wrist to the 3”
ring. Then I clipped the snaffle on my right wrist to the 3” ring. I could
then relax with my ass sitting on my wrists.

I checked again to see if I could get to all of the controls and the
plug pump. Satisfied I took the winch control and winched the slack out
of the rope. As the winch tightened up I could feel my arms start to pull
first as the ring was pulled up by the rope. As the slack left the rope
at my feet started up and out. I started to rise off of the floor. The winch
continued up, my arms and shoulders were pulled up a little more before
the ring started to let the rope slip through it. As the rope was pulled
up the 3” ring was forced to slide down the rope by my body weight but
the angle of the ropes coming out of the bottom of the ring provided upward
pull on my arms. This resulted in a good strong constant pull on my arms
and shoulders. The ropes pulled my legs apart as I went up. They were about
3’ apart now. I shook from the sensations I was feeling. My legs were being
stretched up and out, my arms and shoulders were pulled up and back, they
had a constant strain on them, as my muscles stretched the spandex on my
legs moved ever so slightly, and the sensation was erotic as hell. The
leather boots that gripped my calves shifted, more pleasure. The feeling
of the straps tightening on my ankles and wrist’s, Ohhhhhh, I moaned into
the gag.

As I rose up the strain on my shoulders increased. I looked up to check
on how high I was. My head was about 6” off the floor so I turned off the
winch. I took my fingers and straining up with one hand and pulling down
on the ring with the other was able to tuck the wire of the control through
the 3” ring.  As I relaxed I felt the ring just touch my finger tips.
Now I could concentrate on the bondage I was experiencing. I reached and
grabbed the bulb of the plug. I pumped it a couple of times. I felt it
expand inside of me. MMMMMM I ran the vibrator control up a little. Ohhhhh
I could feel and hear it start to hum. My dick grew to full size, sliding
inside the spandex. I suddenly had a fearful thought. What if I got stuck
like this? What if Carol found me here, like this? That wave of fear suddenly
became an intense sexual sensation that started in my ass and quickly rushed
through my loins and almost exploded out of my cock. I shook again. Damn
this felt good. I hung there letting every sensation take control. I started
to rock back and forth against my bonds. Slowly at first, feeling the reaction
to the restraints, the capture of the ropes, the constriction of the spandex,
the caress of the leather and straps. I tested my bondage, realizing that
I was indeed captive. If I hadn’t left a way to free myself I would be
there until someone else did.

I let myself go, reveling into the fantasy, letting it control me, I
started to move my hips a little more. I was swaying slightly. I could
feel the restraints tell me you are mine. You have limits to what you can
do. As I started to move more, I was starting to strain against the bonds.
Struggling to escape. My movement became faster, and faster, grinding my
hips slowly at first, then faster, building my excitement, finally I was
thrusting till I reached the limits of the ropes. As I ground my hips back
and forth my dick slid in its spandex cocoon. The friction of the fabric
made it grow even larger, the strain on my legs, my shoulders, I could
feel my dick throb, filling with heat, larger and larger.  I swear
it had to be the largest and hardest it’s ever been. I pumped the butt
plug again. Ohhhh damn, I ran the control for the vibrator up some more.
MMMMMmmmmm, I moaned into the ball gag.

As I rocked back and forth the
onslaught of fantasy started to rush over me. I pulled with my legs and
hands straining trying to escape realizing I couldn’t. I turned the vibrator
up some more. Oh Shit! I shook violently. I was totally immersed in the
rushes of pleasure. I humped into the strain of the ropes. OOOhhh, MMmmmm.
The intensity rose, as I humped and ground my hips the vibrations and pressure
from the plug was building. Running through me as waves. I felt the throbbing
in my cock swell just as it did when I was making love. That’s just what
I was doing, making love with the bondage. Feeling the caress of the fabric,
the touch of the ropes, the restraint of the straps, submitting to the
restraint, at the same time fighting, pulling at the restriction until
I couldn’t stand it.

The thrusting against the spandex increased the heat in my loins. Growing
as the motion increased. AAAAahhhhhhh, faster I ground my hips, loving
the sensations coming from everywhere. I was swinging wildly back and forth
to the limits the ropes would allow. Wave after wave washed over me. Then
the feeling started, deep down, starting to build, climbing to the peak
I knew would give me relief. Faster I ground my hips, I wanted the relief
that I knew was coming. I was thrashing wildly now, throwing myself into
the air. I knew nothing of what was around me except the bondage I had
created. I felt the volcano rising, I was just about to cum when I felt
the butt plug expand, a lot; this caused a sharp pain that ran through
my body, MMMmmmm, Ohhhhhh, my body shook. Then the vibrator went all the
way up. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, I screamed, AHHHHhhhhhhh.  I bucked against
the ropes. I was so immersed in the pleasure I was getting that it didn’t
dawn on me that I didn’t do that. Ohhhhh, Mmmmmmm, Ahhhhhhh. I was shaking
violently now. The waves of pleasure still grew.

Ohhhhhh Shittttttttt, The tension on my arms, on my legs, I twisted
and thrust. My cock slid in the spandex cocoon faster, getting hotter.
My moaning got louder but the ball gag choked it off, to me I was screaming
but I know not much more than a moan got out. I felt the butt plug expand
again. Another pain shot through my body. Then everything came to a peak.
It started deep inside me. My body started to quiver, as that feeling flowed
through my thighs it seemed to come from everywhere at once it rushed to
my loins and gathered until I couldn’t control the release, the bondage
gave me that. I didn’t have to control, then I exploded. I thrust against
the ropes again, and again. I had the most intense orgasm that I have ever
had in my life. My body convulsed violently. As I thrust myself against
the ropes load after load of creamy cum pulsed out of me. AAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhh! 
I screamed, catching my breath whenever I could. The sound I was making
seemed like a roar to me even though I knew nothing louder than a moan
would escape. Not with this ball gag as deep as I had it. I thought it
would never end. The waves rushing through me slowed, the wild thrashing
slowed. The natural uncontrolled thrust of my hips that come with orgasm
calmed. Then it was over. I hung limp, spent. My cock pulsing ever so often
with a mind of its own, till it finally stopped. I hung there, swinging
slightly, slowly coming back to reality. I wondered if I had the strength
to get myself out of this rig.

After what seamed like an eternity I calmed down. Even though I was
exhausted my body still shook occasionally; I hung there limp for a few
more minutes. All I could hear was the butt plug humming and myself breathing.
The huge filling of the butt plug came back to my thoughts, I reached for
the butt plug pump, I couldn’t find it, I reached to the limits of my hands,
still nothing. Then I realized I hadn’t felt the vibrator control neither.
I guess I had bumped them beyond my reach in my violent motions. I stretched
my fingers up to the 3’ ring to get the winch control and it wasn’t there
either. I must have dislodged that too. I felt around for the wire to try
to retrieve it. Nothing. A wave of fear ran over me.  I was in a great
fix. I swayed gently in the air as I tried to figure out how I was going
to get myself down.

\* \* \*

I was still reeling from that fantastic orgasm I had just experienced.
I’m here all alone trying to figure out how to release myself. Here I am
hanging upside down from a hoist that I can’t find the controls to. With
a butt plug that’s in overdrive and as big as the Grand Canyon, and I can’t
find the remote or pump for it.  I need to try to reach the Velcro
straps on my wrist bonds. I’m straining to get the strap out of the ring,
but then I see a pair of black spiked high heel lace up boots that must
have had 5” heels walk into my field of view. The boots stopped right
in front of me. As my eyes followed the boots I thought I was delirious.
It’s got to be the blood rushing to my head. I’m seeing things. At least
they're sexy things.

My eyes followed the boots up the leg, they laced up to the knees. I
had always wanted a pair like that for myself. Then I saw the legs. The
legs had black fishnet stockings on. The stockings ran into a pair of black
leather shorts. They laced up the front and were high cut on the legs.
They forced the hips in to the most provocative shape. Just above that
was the bottom of what turned out to be a red leather corset. It started
slightly down on her hips. The edges were trimmed with black lace. It was
heavily boned and had her pulled in to a perfect hourglass shape, I thought
that had to be laced tight as hell. The black lace bordered around the
breast cups. The thought ran through my mind, wouldn’t I like to wear that.
The corset ran to just up onto the breasts, but didn’t quite cover the
nipples. It pushed them out and up, cupping them like caressing hands.
The nipples were exposed; they were red and standing at attention, just
like I like them. I tore my eyes from them to see she had long black leather
opera gloves on. In one hand there was a cat of nine tails made of leather.
It was black at the handle and the leather strips were black and red. The
strips were about 20 to 24” long. They were about ¼” wide and looked
to be about 20 of them. Then my eyes went to the other hand. There was
the winch control. My eyes went back to her legs and body, the boots, the
heels, the corset. Then reality set in. It must have shown in my eyes.
I was fucked.

She held out the winch control and said, “ Is this what you’re looking
for Sweetheart.” With that she flicked the whip over to my crotch wrapping
it around my right leg. It scared more that hurt but feeling the leather
hit on my spandex covered leg, and seeing what stood before me I felt a
shudder and a pulse in my loins. A gush of cream came out the tip of my
cock. It must have been visible because she said, “ Oh, my little Girl
has had an accident.” And with that she bent over and licked the cum that
was oozing through the spandex from right about where the tip of my dick
was. Then she nipped the head of my dick with her teeth. And with that
I started getting hard again.

I thought what the hell? I had read stories of men getting it
up again right after an orgasm but had never experienced it before. Yet
here I was getting a hard on. After that orgasm I just had I thought it
would be a week before my dick could twitch. But it grew without any trouble.
The spandex lubricated with a huge load of cum made it easy to slide to
its full length.  The feeling of that alone was erotic enough to make
it grow even more. This along with me being suspended like I was, and this
vision standing over me, dressed like someone I have had wet dreams of.
Now I just realized that the butt plug was still filling me like I never
had it before and the vibrator was going gangbusters. That finished it
up. I had a dick that was rock hard and pulsing again. OOOOOhhhh, the fact
that this Goddess in leather was sucking my cream through the spandex my
cock was pounding. Then I realized who it was. This was Kelly, a very
beautiful friend of my wife’s that I have had numerous fantasies about.
I was caught big time. Totally helpless, bound, suspended, and gagged,
I almost came again. What the hell was she doing here? How did she get
in? What was she dressed like this for?  Now the last thought I was
certainly glad she was dressed like that.

Kelly stopped what she was doing, licked what white cream was left on
her lips, and walked around me. “I am very disappointed in you, girl.”
I don’t know if it was the tone or the word girl. But it sent shivers down
my spine. I couldn’t tell if they were shivers of pleasure or fear. “I
have been waiting for the right moment to train you. You don’t know how
much this pleasures me.” What did she mean by waiting for the right moment. 
I caught a brief faint smell of my favorite scent as I tried to follow
her, but bound as I was I had severe movement limitations. I tried to speak
but all that came out was a muffle. I wondered what she was doing. I felt
the vibrator go off, and the butt plug deflate. That was a relief. Then
she said. “What plug did you use?” I heard the pump suck air about the
same time I heard her say. “Oh! Ok, I know, I have had one of these in
my pussy and my ass before. I enjoyed it. I sure hope that you will too.”
The next sound I heard was more pumping. The butt plug was expanding again;
I moaned into the ball gag. She finally stopped. Damn that felt good, my
cock agreed pulsing several times.

My dick throbbed again. “You know you did pretty good on this bondage,
but let’s see if I can improve it.” I felt her reach around my arms at
the elbows, and then I heard the sound of a buckle rattle. “ You don’t know
how long I’ve waited to catch you like this. I’ve known about your games
for some time.” Kelly wrapped what felt like one of my 1” leather straps
at least twice around my arms just above the elbows and pulled. I heard
the roller buckle spin. My elbows pulled together until they touched. This
pulled my shoulders back and thrust my tits out drastically.  “You’ve
done this to Yvonne before haven’t you. Now it’s your turn. I hope you
enjoy it as much as she did!” Now how did Kelly know all of this. I felt
the butt plug grow a little more. I flinched from the pain, my dick throbbed
and I moaned into the gag. She cinched a strap around the elbow strap and
looped it through the 3” ring and pulled up. I felt the pressure release
on my wrists. Kelly then removed the wrist cuffs.  I felt her slide
something over my hands, and heard buckles again. I realized it was a hand
glove that I had made out of leather. How did she find that?

Both hands went inside the glove, it laced up with leather laces to
the wrist. A strap double wrapped around the wrist was pulled tight and
buckled. At the tip of the fingers was a 1” ring. It was made strong enough
to lift you.  I heard the clip of a snaffle then she released the
strap going to my elbows.  My body dropped a little as my weight transferred
to the hand glove. Now with my hands totally encased in leather I couldn’t
get loose if I tried.

I heard the winch come on. I rose higher, my legs spread farther apart.
I could feel the tension pulling everywhere. It felt good but I was afraid
of what she was going to do. But the fear was starting to excite me and
what choice did I have. The sensations that ran over me started to take
over again. I started to move my hips back and forth. Kelly must have noticed.
She said, ”Careful darling don’t get ahead of me.” And with that gave me
a light smack across the butt and lower leg with the whip. Wow. My body
jerked then trembled.

I felt her undoing the buckles of the ball gag. “Don’t say a word Girl”
She keep calling me girl. Oddly that turned me on. “You are going to be
here till I let you out. How long depends on how you do”.  She pulled
the ball out of my mouth and tossed it over to the floor. When she came
around to the front where I could see her. She had what looked like the
ball gag harness but with no ball. This was promptly put on me. “I saw
this on a web site and just had to have it. I just got it in last week.
I also got a few ideas from them and a few other sites.” I noticed a Y
shaped strap with snaffles on the three ends and chinch buckles on the
Y straps. When she bent over to get this strap I saw the leather panties
she was wearing were split at the crotch her pussy lips were peaking through.
She had a 1” leather lead rope with a snaffle on it. She bent over and
clipped it to the ring on my head. I felt the strap brush my arms, as she
must have looped the end through the 3” ring. Then my head jerked back
just a little as she pulled it tight and secured it.

Once Kelly had the head harness the way she wanted it. She took the
Y strap and hooked the single end to the ring at the top of my head. Then
she disappeared. I felt the plug inside me swell again and the vibrator
run wide open then turn back down to where it was before. My reaction made
me moan out loud and my whole body jerk. Smack, The leather whip cut across
my ass and legs again. Shit I said. That brought another swing of the whip
a little harder that time. I had to bite my lip to keep from saying it
out loud again.

When Kelly returned she had a chair that I had made. I had told Yvonne
it was a posture chair. You know one of those weird looking things. “You
didn’t think Yvonne knew that this was a sex chair did you. Yvonne has
been telling a lot of secrets to me lately.”

Now that scared me. My wife
enjoyed bondage, and I had told her some of my fantasies, she just didn’t
seem to be interested in doing them. Kelly placed the chair right in front
of my face, and sat down. I was high enough that my head was right over
her crotch. She lifted those gorgeous boots and placed her feet in the
stirrups. This spread the split in her leather panties open and exposed
her bush. I’ve died and gone to heaven. I have wanted to do things with
this woman but didn’t even think of trying because I was married. 
I heard the winch and felt the lurch as I started down. She stopped me
when my mouth was level with her pussy. She lifted her ass and sat on the
single strap. She looped the y-ends around and over her hips then back
to the cheek rings of my head harness. The snaffles clicked on to each
ring. This pulled me toward her crotch. She started to adjust the straps
and with each tug pulled me closer towards her bush. She adjusted the straps
till it pulled my mouth right into her pussy. A slight adjustment with
the winch and she had me where she wanted me.

“Now lets see if you’re as
good as I’ve heard, start eating. And you don’t get down until I get off.
I don’t care how long it takes.” With that she took the control to the
vibrator in one hand and the pump for the butt plug in the other.

The straps had my body pulled slightly forward, in direct contact with
her crotch. I started to dig in to her bush. I licked it from one end to
the other. I could pull against the straps and turn my head a little to
nibble at her leg. “No that’s not tight enough, let’s pull you in some
more.” With that she tighten the straps and pulled me closer into her pussy.
Yvonne and I have done oral sex before, lots of times and I could drive
Yvonne nuts. But never in my wildest dreams would I have thought of this.
A gorgeous gal that I have had dream sex with sitting with my mouth strapped
to her pussy telling me I was going to eat her till she came. OOOhhhhh,
my dick throbbed and my body shook.  I had dreamed of eating her among
other things.

Suddenly she said, “Don’t stop now Girl you were just getting interesting.”
My attention turned to pleasing her. As I did she started to move. I started
to probe deep into her pussy. She started to move her hips around. I would
find a certain spot and she would start to moan softly. I forced my tongue
deeper. As I started to please her she started to work the vibrator control
and the pump on the butt plug, Oohhh, this was starting to drive me crazy.
MMmmmmmm. She started grinding her hips up and down against my face. She
was moving with the feelings I was starting to arouse. She started fucking,
forcing herself into me. I sucked on her skin that covered the clit. “Yes,
Yes, Ohhhh, good Girl. That’s good, good, good.” As she moved the motion
pulled me against my bonds. I trembled, waves of pleasure flowing through
my body. I was totally in her control. “Ohhhh! Yes. Good, Ohhhh!” drifted
from her direction.

My body trembled, and then so did hers. She was good and wet now. “Deeper.
Ohhhh.” she said. Oh shit! Every time I hit a good spot I would feel the
butt plug inside me grow, and the vibrator would change. I ran my tongue
around the edges of her pussy. I dug my tongue deep between the lips. She
moved her hips harder in to me; she was swinging my whole body back and
forth in rhythm with hers. I ran my tongue deep inside of her. She reached
and grabbed the straps and jerked hard. This drove me deep into her. I
ran my tongue along the top of her tunnel and she shook, I slid my tongue
under the skin that hides her clit. She jumped and moaned loudly. Her legs
shook; she pumped the bulb and turned up the vibrator. My body shook and
lunged against the ropes. Ohhhhhhh, MMMMMmmmm. “OOOhhhhh, GGGooood, you
are GGGooooodddd. MMMMMmmmmm, Yyesss.”

Her movement forced me against her and drove my tongue deeper inside
her. Her movements would pull me against my bonds, OOOOhhhh I had to moan.
AAAAhhhhh, the waves from the vibrator were taking control. I stroked every
confine of her pussy with my tongue. Her movements told me I was doing
what she wanted. I flicked it as deep as I could go licking the sides of
her pussy.  I finally realized my favorite scent was coming from her
bush. She had put perfume on her pussy. This turned me on big time and
I dug into her with a vengeance. She gasped and her ass rose up off the
chair. Of course my head went with her. As I drew my tongue out her hips
shifted in the straps and my mouth slid up a little. I grabbed her around
her clit with my teeth. This pulled the clit and surrounding skin into
my mouth, pulled my nose down into her pussy. I had her clit uncovered
in my mouth. As I flicked my tongue back and forth across her exposed clit,
She dug her crotch against my face.

“Ahhhh, Ohhhh, Mmmmm. OHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhh”
She ground her hips faster causing me to swing harder. This mixed with
the scent coming from her crotch, mixed with her flowing juices, the sound
of her pleasure, the enormous size of the butt plug, and the variations
of the vibrator were sending wave after wave after wave running through
my bound body.

OOOOOOhhhhh, MMMMmMMMmm, The butt plug jumped in size suddenly and the
vibrator ran all the way up, I bit down hard on her clit from the reaction.
“OOOOOOOhhhhh, YYYYeeeessss.”. She pumped the butt plug larger; I bit at
her again and dug my tongue deep into her body. “AAAAAHHHHHhhhhhh.” She
said. AAAAAHHHHhhhhh I said. A pain came from my ass that caused me to
swing violently against my ropes. She was pumping on the butt plug. Gripping
the bulb in her pleasure had pumped it huge. I had never felt it this large.
As I bucked against my ropes this forced me against her uncontrollably.
I had to moan with the pain, and the pleasure. The vibrator was all the
way up. “AAAAHHHHH, OOHHHH, MMMMM, Damnnn Girl Gggooooodd”. She screamed
while she was rocking back, and forth with me, Uhhhhh, She didn’t know
she was doing it. Larger and larger the plug got. I could feel every heart
beat through my ass and my cock it was so large. It was about to explode.
The plug in my ass was so large I thought I was going to split.

OOOhhhhhh, MMMmmmm, Damn, there we were strapped together face to pussy.
She was grinding and humping herself into me; with every push of her hips
I was grinding with mine. My dick sliding in the spandex, growing hotter
and hotter, I was about to explode. Violently I shook against my ropes.
This dug me into her with more force. “Yes, Girl Yes, AAAAhhhhhhhh, AAAAhhhhhhh,”
Her whole body was shaking. I pulled against all of my bonds with everything
I had. Kelly had the bulb in the palm of her hand and her hand on the edge
of the chair. Ohhhhh, MMMMMMM AAAAAAhhhhhhhhh. As she thrust and grind
her hips into my face she would grip the chair and pump the bulb sending
waves of pleasure and pain through my body. By expanding the plug a little
more the sharp pain would cause me to jump, this would cause me to thrust
into her even more. She would react even more.

Oh SSSShitttttttt. “That’s, That’s, That’s. AAAAAHHHHH, YYYEESSSSSS,”
Just when I thought I was going to pull her out of the chair, we started
to come together. Violently we reached peaks, both of us screaming. My
screams intensifying her pleasure because I was screaming into her pussy. 
Her whole body was shaking. My hips were grinding, my cock was pulsing,
cum flowing with every throb. The motion of both of us dug me into her
wet bush. Once she started to come it seemed the slightest touch causes
her to peak to another orgasm. We were locked together. My face buried
deep into her where now even my breathing was causing her to come, it seemed
to come with every heart beat of her and me, her shaking violently with
each orgasm, this digging me deeper and deeper into her. The spasms causing
me to come.  I always thought that my orgasms were supposed to be
short. They always had been. But I was shaking right along with her. My
cock pulsed load after load. She bucked, and thrust, over and over again,
I was thrusting right along with her load after load of cum pulsing from
my dick.

Finally she started to calm down, slowly, the orgasms longer apart,
then coming to a stop. My body went limp. The smell of her juices that
covered my face was heaven. I waited for what she was going to do next.
She sat there for the longest. With every breath I took her body shook,
and jerked, on occasion she would grind her hips into me. All I could do
was go along for the ride.

Kelly sat there for a long time. When she started to move she released
the straps holding my head. I slowly swung from my ropes. She walked out
of my sight. Again all I could hear was the Humming of the vibrator still
going inside me, and my heavy breathing. I didn’t speak. I was afraid to.

25.08.03

story continues in [**A Little Selfbondage Part 2: Something New**](little_selfbondage02.html)

o0o
