---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Self-Bound Weekend
authors:
- Bob Salinas
tags:
- Sbm
- chastity
- susp
- cd
- caught
- FF/m
- F/f
- bond
- toys
- cons/reluct
- XX
date: 2002-10-07 00:00:00
---

After telling my folks I was going to Indianapolis for a weekend conference,
I moved myself into the barn on the outlying 160 acres of my uncle Melvin’s
Fort Wayne farm for a couple of days of self-bondage game-playing. I arrived
late on Saturday morning, drove down a bumpy dirt road and pulled up to
a well-maintained old barn. (Farmers generally take better care of their
barns than they do their houses- that’s where their money is!) I knew the
barn was only used part of the year and that didn’t include now; I mean,
I seriously didn’t want to be disturbed. I spent some time carrying in
a cooler full of ice and dry ice, a tool chest, several boxes of ‘toys’,
and an assortment of pieces that I had prepared in the past week or so.
I also set up a TV and a VCR (fortunately, the barn had 117VAC power).

For my opening game in a script of several, I tried a basic no-frills
position. (Helplessness is the biggest thrill I can think of-the rest is
window dressing.) I piled some heavy rubber belts near a vertical post
that supported a major beam running across the empty center of the barn.
I liked the idea of being bound out in this open area- it’s sort of like
being naked or bound in public without the problems that would go with
either!

I got naked first, always a good way to have solo bondage fun. I like
to cross-dress sometimes, and I’d planned that for later, but basic skin-naked
is always good. Then I pulled out my only really expensive item of bondage
gear- a leather-and-steel chastity belt I’d bought on a trip to San Francisco.
I wrapped the leather belt around my waist, pulled the crotch strap up
between my legs and adjusted the chains across my ass-cheeks. My cock was
a slip fit down into the stainless steel sheath tube, after which I pressed
the groin panel against my belly; this kept my cock pointed sharply down
and curved, a position in which an erection was (I knew only too damn well)
impossible. I slipped the top of the panel into position under the waist
belt and locked it closed with a massive Master padlock. I have a couple
of dainty padlocks for wearing The Belt under street clothes, but for this
weekend I didn’t have to worry about showing bulges underneath my clothes.
I took the key to my genitals, placed it in a carefully home-made steel
lock box with a battery-operated electronic timer, keyed in 30:00:00 (almost
a day and a half!) and pressed the top down until it latched. The keypad
was covered and there was no way I would get my hands on Mister Unhappy
before tomorrow afternoon!

That taken care of, I took the key to my handcuffs (which I had fastened
to a 6"-long aluminum bar which made it much easier to manipulate) and
hung it from the ceiling beam so they would hang right next to my hands.
That would be much too easy, of course! To make things appropriately difficult,
I set up my ice-driven timer: a hand-made device which was mainly a square
plywood 3' by 3' base (stability’s important- it just wouldn’t do to have
it fall over!) supporting an upright 4-foot-long 2X2 with an eye-bolt near
the top. I shoved half a dozen ice cubes into the end of a stocking, pulled
the other end through the eye, and tied two 3/4" bolts to the stocking
so that their weight kept the ice-packed foot end of the stocking up against
the eye-bolt.  At first, the ice cubes made a lump much too big to
go through the eye-bolt and the bolts were supported firmly.

When the ice inexorably melted enough to let the weight of the bolts
pull the stocking through the eye, the weight of the falling bolts would
pull on another cord tied to the bolts, in this case to pull a pin out
of the bracket holding my keys away from my hands. It’s really simpler
than it sounds, and it’s been thoroughly tested and is quite fool-proof-
at least so far! Being bound but being able to free yourself is just a
moderate thrill that I had quickly burned out on. Being bound in such a
way that there’s no possible way you can  free yourself before a certain
time is the next best thing to being subject to a true merciless dominatrix
who will free you only if it suits her fancy, and sometimes better.

I strapped a favorite dildo gag firmly in my mouth. Then I pulled a
rubber hood over my head, leaving it atop my head for now. The hood contained
earphones hooked to a small tape player which would play, over and over,
a customized porno audio tape which would see to it that I was continually
stimulated by a stream of sex and bondage sounds! I stood naked up against
the post with my feet on either side of the post and buckled a strap around
them. The post scratched at the crack in my ass; the minor misery that
caused was part of the scene- I just hoped I wouldn’t get splinters. I
repeated the belting process with straps at my knees and at my thighs.
One more strap went around at my waist, over the chastity belt, and another
went around my chest just below my shoulders. Finished with that, I was
bound so securely to the post that I could scarcely wiggle! I reached up
to pull down the hood, closing off every last photon of light, and then
reached behind myself for the cuffs. I quickly cuffed my hands behind my
back and struggled for a moment. As usual, I had a brief moment of desperation:
I’m trapped! I have no way free! Then I realized that I was just as trapped
as I wanted to be, and the desperation faded. Shit....

I struggled for a more comfortable position for what seemed like hours.
I listened to the porno-audio tape and felt an erection building behind
my chastity belt, an erection which was instantly and mercilessly suppressed.
I began to wish I could get my hands on my cock, but my hands were bound
and my cock was sheathed. No way was I going to feel Mister Happy for another
day and a half! Blindfolding myself was fiendish: I heard all sorts of
noises and imagined that either I was about to be eaten by rats or I had
been surrounded by a troop of Girl Scouts and was about to be arrested
for perversion.

Finally I felt the bar with my keys whap against my back, and in another
ten anxious minutes I had freed myself (there are always a few moments
when you’re sure you’ve screwed something up and will never get free- at
least if you’ve done it right). I went to the corner to pee: I spread my
legs and let go, the sheath tube spraying the pee backward. I fiddled with
the lock box, but unfortunately I had been reasonably careful and my chastity
was assured. Shit!

So, maybe fifteen minutes later, I decided to try another position and
looked at my script for Scenario #2. This time, I would be bound kneeling.
Long ago I found that somebody had placed a couple of steel loops bolted
to anchors in the center of the floor, I guess to chain down equipment;
tractors are expensive pieces of gear! I would be bound to one of these
anchors. I set up the TV and the VCR near there and set them up to play
one of my favorite bondage-and-jiggle tapes (oh, how I love that jiggle!)
over and over. I repeated the setup process with the ice timer, securely
tying the key to another padlock to the bar holding my handcuff keys.

I slipped a medium-sized butt plug up my ass and knelt over one of the
anchors. I slipped the padlock through the ass chains of my chastity belt,
through the steel loop, and pressed the lock closed. With that CLICK!,
I was again trapped! Until the ice melted, I would be unable to free myself.
However, I would be happier if I were handcuffed, so I locked the cuffs
on my wrists and struggled more earnestly. I watched the TV screen and
fervently prayed that my chastity belt would break. My prayers were not
answered. Hours later, I again felt the key bar slap against my back. I
discovered that I couldn’t undo the padlock without first getting my handcuffs
off.

The setup for my third position, an all-nighter up in the hayloft, was
more complex and involved literally hours of screwing eye-bolts into the
floor of the loft, fastening prefabricated boards to the roof of the barn,
stringing cables through a bunch of eyes, and especially stringing a ten-gallon
jerry can from the rafters. When I was done, my air mattress was surrounded
by four eye-bolts near where my hands and feet would be. Cables ran from
my ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs through those eye-bolts, straight up from
each through an eye-bolt above, and then all four cables ran the length
of the loft to near the wall. There they were joined together, ran through
another eye-bolt, and then connected to the ten-gallon can, which sat atop
a step-ladder. It sounds terribly complex, but the general idea was that
the weight of the can would pull my arms and legs into a spread-eagled
position. The ice timer, my faithful erotic friend and Mistress, would
pull a pin which kept a sturdy iron spear from falling from the mouth of
the jerry can to its bottom- the bottom which had been carefully modified
with a deliberately-fragile sheet of plastic. The can was almost full of
water, and I figured it weighed maybe 600 pounds after a dozen trips up
the ladder carrying a more manageable pail and a funnel. (I can attest
that self-bondage is excellent exercise!)

For my night bound, I wanted to be dressed appropriately. I pulled on
a pair of lacy pink panties, smoothing them down over the belly panel of
my chastity belt. For watching a skinny little bitch, a tiny bikini is
best, but for self-bondage I usually prefer fuller, lacier panties so I
can feel them tickling my legs! (Also, thongs are worthless as joy-rags!)
Next, I slipped on a matching bustier- also a feminine pink with a pushup
bra which lifted my breasts to show some real cleavage. Yes, I felt like
a sex object! By the time I was finished dressing, I felt an incipient
hard-on, but it was of course brutally thwarted by my chastity belt. Damn....

I sat down on the end of the bed and strapped two leather cuffs on my
ankles.  Then I lay down on my back, finding it quite comfortable
(although that was about to change!) and reached for my wrist cuffs. This
was harder- there was, deliberately, little slack in the cables- but I
managed the task. Then I took another deep breath and pulled hard on a
rope lying near one hand, and the ladder teetered. I gathered up the rope
and pulled again. The ladder tipped and the jerry can toppled, sending
the ladder crashing to the floor. The massive can fell hard on the cables
and pulled up the slack. I was abruptly slammed into a spread-eagled position,
a force of about a hundred and fifty pounds pulling straight out on each
of my limbs. It felt like I was being drawn and quartered! I fantasized
briefly about being a beautiful woman (of course- I was already a man,
and who fantasizes about being ugly?) being bound and abused like this.
Maybe she had misbehaved and was being publicly punished! I looked down
over my breasts (carefully postured by the pushup bra) at my lacy panties.
Under the lace, of course, my cock was eager and fat but limp within the
chastity belt’s sheath. Damn the chastity belt!

I squirmed for what seemed forever and eventually fell into a fitful
sleep. Sometime during the night, the ice melted enough for the weight
of the usual pair of bolts to pull the stocking through the eye-bolt, the
bolts dropped and pulled the pin out of the iron spear, and the spear dropped
down and punched a small hole in the bottom of the jerry can. By the time
I awoke, about three-fourths of the water had drained from the can, and
I managed to get my wrists together and unhook my wrist cuffs. I was elated-
a self-bound all-nighter!

For the second day of my self-bondage binge, I had scripted several
games to play. The first was inverted, feet-up suspension. For this one,
I dressed up (yes, I like to dress up pretty) in a sturdy but pretty full-length
corset (which by itself made a pretty fair chastity belt, the likes of
which has been encouraged for years by mothers of teenagers across the
country), black stockings, and high-heeled shoes (which were terribly hard
to find in my size, but that’s another story). After I strapped a belt
with handcuffs around my waist, I used an exorbitant length of 3/8" sisal
rope to carefully tie my legs together from just below my (sadly, still
belted and inaccessible) crotch to my ankles, leaving them one rigid limb
which was of very little help at all. Before continuing, I popped a penis
gag into my mouth and attached a weighted pair of nipple clamps to my tits.
I have pretty good tits for a guy, just shy of a B cup, and my nipples
are very very sensitive- maybe because of their regular abuse!

After setting up the timer so it would release a rope with which I could
release the ratchet, I tied a rope (hanging from a high-up pulley with
the aforementioned  ratchet) to my ankles, grabbed its other end,
and hauled myself up into the air. As my hips rose, the weight on the nipple
clamps fell back off my belly and onto my chest, pulling sternly at my
tender breast flesh; I screamed behind the gag, and was sorta cheered by
the way nothing much came out. Like I said, I need the feeling of helpless
submission, and I was getting it big-time! I raised myself another two
feet and then let go of the rope. It swung out of my reach, which meant
little because, being run through a ratchet, it only went one way- up.

I reached behind myself, grabbed the handcuffs, and locked my arms to
the cuffs fastened to the belt behind my back. Now I was really in a fix:
swinging upside down, my head several feet from the floor, my legs locked
together tightly, my wrists cuffed together at the small of my back. I
was happy that I had used only a moderate amount of ice- this position
was extremely strenuous, and the blood rushing to my head left me high!
When the keys finally whapped against my back, I got my wrists free quickly.
Getting the rest of the way free involved gymnastics but I finally lowered
myself to the floor without cracking my head open. I was a memorable exercise,
but I knew it needed engineering!

Next, the fifth scenario, a complex one and one for which I had done
a lot of preparation and planning. After considerable manual labor, I bolted
a length of 2X2 to the hard dirt floor so it pointed up. On the upper end
of the pole, I had affixed a favorite (just a little bit too fat) butt
plug and adjusted everything (through repeated on-sittings) until the plug
was at just the right height. Then I brought out a pair of ankle-spreader
stocks: a pair of two-inch-wide metal bars with loops at either end which
were just large enough for my ankles. I fastened one of the strips to the
dildo pole (I had drilled the holes last week); the other one, just like
it, pushed down into a bracket on its mate which securely held my feet
almost three feet apart- farther than it sounds! Once the halves mated,
they wouldn’t separate without a nearby screwdriver, but in a bit I wouldn’t
even have hands! I set the timer for ‘a bit too long’ and to release to
me a rope with my keys.

Okay, it was time to start. Smearing a last bit of grease on the plug
(I like to have just enough to facilitate penetration but not enough to
slip around loosely), I impaled myself on the post. Giving myself a moment
to adjust to the pressure, I maneuvered my ankles against the stocks. I
used a three-foot length of 2X2 with a hook on its end to lift the other
piece of the spreader bar and maneuver it into place against my ankles.
I firmly pressed the second half of the spreader down into its bracket
until it snapped into place and then dropped the 2X2 pusher to the floor.
The spreading of my legs  lowered my ass, and since the butt plug
was at a fixed height from the ground, I found that the butt plug pushed
just a little bit too far into my ass. Fortunately, ‘a little bit too far’
is what my games are all about! My balls would have dangled vulnerably
between my wide-spread legs had it not been for my chastity belt. Damned
chastity belt....

Next, I opened wide to slip a short, fat blow-up penis gag into my face
and buckled its harness firmly around my head; this always makes me feel
like a helpless sex object, which to me is good! I pumped on the bulb,
inflating the penis until my mouth was full and my tongue was pressed to
the bottom of my mouth. A side effect of this gag is that it makes me drool,
which is humiliating, which fits right into everything else. After I finished
with the gag harness, I pulled my black latex hood down over my head, leaving
me in the dark and even more helpless. I reached out toward the cuffs and
strapped them around my wrists. I pulled toward myself to release the ratchet.
It tripped and the bag of sand at its end pulled the chain noisily through
the ratchet, pulling my arms out and up. I was trapped!

I squirmed in my exquisite captivity for a long long time, pulling at
my wrist bonds only to prove that the ratchet on the chain wouldn’t let
me pull the chain backward. The butt plug was a definite and constant irritant
to my asshole, which after an hour or three felt like I was being fisted
by a gorilla! I wished the chastity belt would at least let me have a hard-on,
but that’s just what it wasn’t supposed to let me do. I listened to the
audio tape (mixed sounds of delightful sex and semi-consensual bondage
and S&M) for a long, long time. Suddenly the sound cut off. Oh, shit!
Was I to be left bound with no stimulation for the remainder of my time?
Then a voice cut in!

“Hello there, kinky-boy! Remember me, cousin Suzan? Well, if you don’t,
you will! I saw you come in yesterday. Being a nosy sort, I came up and
watched you through a crack in the wall as you tied yourself up. At first
I wondered what the hell was going on, but I figured out real quick that
you were into do-it-yourself bondage for the sex kick it have you. After
you finished making yourself helpless, I came in and walked around quietly,
checking you out. What an education- you know I’m such an innocent!

“I figured out your timer- quite ingenious!- and, since I could see
you had easily an hour to wait, I went home to get a video camera. Well,
I did ‘jill off’ in front of you, watching you squirm  before I went
for the camera; I thought it was stimulating as hell! Since then, I’ve
videotaped everything you’ve done- every careful bit of rope-tying, every
squirm, every moan through your gag. You’re MINE, kinky boy!” I almost
shit (except my butt was plugged).

I felt her tugging at my head; she pulled my hood up and off. I blinked
at the sudden bright light and stared at Suzan, Uncle Melvin’s daughter!
She was about 24, reasonably pretty with a brash temperament and a self-described
slut. She was about 5 foot six, maybe 145 pounds, and her voluptuous figure
was naked except for slippers and a gold chain which stretched snugly between
her nipple rings and restricted the heavy bobbling of her breasts. I looked
a couple of feet to her side and saw a tripod-mounted video camera pointed
straight at me, its lights verifying that it was recording my degradation.
It was bad enough that this big-mouth bitch had seen everything, but if
she had it all on tape, I was thoroughly and totally fucked.

She sneered at me. “Are you happy to see me? No? Yes? I guess you’re
not in a talkative mood. Your gag may have something to do with that! The
chastity belt, too- they say the meanest part is that it won’t let you
get a hard-on! I guess that would affect one’s sense of humor.” She laughed
loudly, and I cringed. She was right- the enforced limpness was cruel.
“I know you’ve been wearing the chastity belt at least since yesterday
morning. Oh, yeah- before I forget to tell you, I took your box, the one
with the timer lock, for safe-keeping. I have them... somewhere else! You
see, I now own you, lock stock and barrel, or something like that.” She
was right, she owned me. Oh, shit!

Suzan stepped up and hugged me firmly, pressing her bulging breasts
against my bare chest. Her hand stroked its way down to my metal-sheathed
crotch, which felt nothing at all, and to my thighs, which she stimulated
delightfully. I groaned behind my gag; she smiled cruelly.

“Now, kinky-boy, do remember I own you. I’m going to ungag you; don’t
irritate me by making noise. Besides, there’s not a soul within a mile
and a half.” I gulped and nodded my head and she removed loosened the valve
in the pump-up bulb, let the gag deflate, and removed my head harness..
She smiled as the penis came wetly out of my mouth. “Hey, neat! I guess
you enjoy a cock in your mouth, huh?”

“Well, sorta- only if it’s a gag.
Hello, Suzan! It’s- well, rather good to see you. Well, you obviously know
my secret. Yes, you do own me now. Does that make you my Mistress?”

She
smiled at me. “Yes, I’m your Mistress- only you may find that I’m not as
easy-going as your imagination. I’ve learned a few things since I was your
little cousin, and I think I’ll have fun learning how rough I can be on
a man before he breaks!”

I gulped. “Fair enough, Mistress. I will of course
do as you say.”

“By the way, how are you going to get out of your chastity
belt? You’re not going to wear it until you get home, are you?”

“Not if
I don’t have to, Mistress. I have an extra key at home, but the lock box
will open at 4 this afternoon. I set it for 30 hours, maybe too long, at
10 yesterday morning.”

“Okay, thank you; I’ll keep an eye on it for you!” She had what I would
describe as an ‘evil smile’ on her lips as she reassured me. “Now for my
first act as your new Mistress...” Suzan walked into the back of the barn
for an eternal fifteen minutes and came back carrying a sawhorse and having
changed into a sexy and tight  little yellow rubber mini-dress which
clung to her like- well, like rubber. “Sometimes I like to dress for the
occasion. Oh, yeah... just the fact that I own the wardrobe may give you
a hint that I’ve been down this road before!” With some concern I noted
that her belt bore both a riding crop and a two-foot-long frat-house spanking
paddle! She set down the horse, gestured me over, and bent me over it.
“Grab the legs with your hands... that’s it... now move your legs up against
the horse.” I complied and held my position while she marked spots on the
horse with a felt-tip pen. She then told me to get tools to fasten eye-bolts
to the horse, which I did.

After I finished and put the tools away, I put my cuffs on my ankles
and wrists. “Okay, kinky boy, assume the position again!” I assumed the
position, and Suzan carefully locked me to the horse. She stepped behind
me; I could see her feet somewhere behind me, but that was all. Suddenly
my ass burned as she swatted me with the crop! Over and over again she
swatted me. Finally her arms must have tired, because she came around the
horse and sat on the floor in front of me. She shifted her legs so they
were together, then slipped them apart, and then drew up her knees so her
naked pussy was clearly displayed. Her fingers played happy games for about
five minutes before she decided she was refreshed enough.

Suzan got to her feet, tugged her dress down daintily, and took the
paddle from her belt.  “My ex-boyfriend Al gave this to me after he
joined a fraternity; they spanked him with it and they made him present
it to his girlfriend and explain what they did! See how long it is? He
said these holes” (she held the paddle in front of me so I could check
out half a dozed 3"-wide holes) “ are there both to  let air through
and provide a more solid impact. He said the holes tend to create blisters,
too- some-thing to do with the way your flesh bulges into the holes with
every whack! I think I’ll try it out.”

She stepped behind me. “Ask for your spanking, kinky boy!”

I gulped.
“Please spank me, Mistress Suzan!”

“Okay, but count for me.”

I said “One”
and held my breath. Seconds passed before I relaxed and let out my breath.
“WHACK!” At just the wrong time, she set my ass on fire. I paused. “Two...”
Again a long pause and then “WHACK!” “Three...” “WHACK!” She went on for
half an hour, it seemed, giving me twenty-two agonizing swats. My ass must
look like hamburger!

“Okay, kinky-boy, now you get to watch while I refresh myself... swatting
you was exciting!” Her hands dipped into her crotch and spread her lips
and played happy games while her eyes closed and her lips parted. “Oh,
damn, this feels good... the best thing you did all day was to warm me
up so I could do this... ohh... OHHH! OHHH!” I could see her thighs glistening
from the orgasmic wetness.

Some time later, Suzan released me from the horse (my middle was feeling
much pain), cuffed my hands behind me, and pulled a blindfold over my eyes.
Then she tied a strap around my balls and led me by the ‘leash’ out of
the barn into the warm sunlight and down a dirt path for a few minutes
until she had me stop and sit down. “I watched some of your inverted suspension
position, and I think it has possibilities. This time I’ll do the rope
work; lie down on your back.” Using what I recognized as 3/8" sisal rope,
she pulled the rope through a D-ring under my chastity belt, leaving half
of it on either side, and then used the rest to tie my legs together from
my crotch to my ankles to my knees. As before, I was left with one pretty-much-useless
leg. Then she helped me to a standing position and wrapped rope around my
waist and hands, encasing me all the way down to my ankles. Then she tied
more rope to the ropes at my ankles and soon I felt myself being hauled
into the air by my feet.

In a few more minutes, she had me swinging by my feet, the blood rushing
to my head. She removed my blindfold, and (oh shit!) I realized that she
had me suspended head-down in an outhouse! I looked around, getting my
bearings, and found Mistress Suzan standing in the doorway. I rotated around
and saw the back of the outhouse and a wide slanted seat slanted at maybe
a 30 degree angle that ran the width of the outhouse, about four feet,
with a long oval hole. I bent my head back and looked down into a deep
darkness... oh shit, the outhouse smelled like it hadn’t been emptied for
years!

I rotated again toward Mistress Suzan (my head was coincidentally just
about even with her breasts) and then up toward my feet. She had removed
a couple of the roof’s boards, tossed the ropes up through there, and had
hung me from a big tree that was probably being fed by the wastes! I looked
back at Mistress Suzan; she was tying to a tree root the rope that I figured
held me up. She stepped into the outhouse and pushed me aside to seat herself
daintily, pulling her little rubber skirt tidily up around her hips. She
reached out and pulled me toward her, bumping my face into her breasts,
over which the thin rubber stretched thin, her nipples poking thick lumps
in the rubber. I watched her face as I heard her pee tinkling into the
pit and then a louder ‘splat!’. She smiled at me- “just preparing for you,
kinky-boy!”.

Oh, shit- I was realizing what she had in store for me. Mistress
Suzan reached aside for paper, leaned sideways, and daintily wiped herself.
With a wicked smile, she sat back, letting her legs separate as she did
so, and waved the wad under my nose. She grinned broadly as she heard my
involuntary intake of air. “Ahhh... you like that, kinky-boy? Well, never
let it be said that Mistress Suzan didn’t try to accommodate the strange
wishes of her friends!”

She stood up, pressing against my rigid groin panel to move me aside,
and modestly pulled her miniature rubber skirt down as far as it would
go, which was only millimeters below her unpantied crotch. She pushed me
aside to drop the wad of paper down into the pit and stepped to the door
of the outhouse. Mistress Suzan held me away from the seat and reached
over to lift the slanted seat board, making it perfectly clear what she
had in store for me. She let the rope slip through her fingers and I felt
myself slipping further down. My head came level with the bench and continued
down; her legs disappeared behind the seat wall, then her hips, and then
she stopped me. Mistress Suzan stepped in the door and smiled down at me
and then below me. I looked down where she was looking; a few strands of
my hair were dangling in the swamp below me! “See your prize, kinky boy?
If you can grab the wad of paper I just dropped and bring it back with
you, I won’t send you ‘ bobbing for things’.” I looked to my left and saw
her wad of toilet paper floating... no, it was sitting atop a lump of shit.
At least I hoped it was hers; the thought of an elderly farmer’s turd was
just too much!

Mistress Suzan lowered me another couple of inches and I felt the top
of my head getting wet. I twisted sideways and tried to grab the wad, but
I was still too high. I felt Mistress Suzan lowering me again and heard
her chuckling. “Try harder, kinky-boy! If you wait too long, you’ll have
to hold your breath and grab it from underneath!” I swung hard and reached
for her paper; I brushed it but swung past. On the return swing, my head
splashed through the foul soup like a motorboat; the smell was incredibly
bad, like the intestines of a five-year-dead cow. I stilled my panic and
grabbed again, and again I missed. One my next attempt I said the hell
with any kind of sanitation and made a wide-mouthed grab for her wad of
paper; I got the entire wad plus half of her turd in my mouth. (At this
point, I just prayed it was hers!) The stench was enough to make me gag.
I grunted loudly at her, holding the paper proudly in my mouth like a cat
with a mouse; Mistress Suzan got the idea and pulled me up.

As my head came up above the level of the seat, I saw her holding the
camera, smiling wickedly and zooming in for a close-up. I grimaced but
kept a tight grip on the soggy wad of paper, feeling the juicy wad squashing
flat in my mouth and dripping up the side of my face as she pulled me up
by my feet. I was so desperately intent on keeping the wad in my mouth
that I didn’t even notice the taste. Mistress Suzan reached over to pick
up a mirror leaning against the tree and held it up for me: I looked at
the upside-down image of myself with shit smeared all over the top of my
head and running down my face to my neck, and especially at the shit smeared
around the corners of my mouth. I started to cry; the humiliation was incredible.
Mistress Suzan waited for a long, long time for me to quiet down and then
told me “Spit it out, kinky-boy!” I did so quickly and automatically licked
off the corners of my mouth. I grimaced at the taste and Mistress Suzan
laughed heartily at the expression on my face.

After I hung suspended over the pit for another hour or so, Mistress
Suzan pulled me over to the door and lowered me until my back was flat
on the floor of the outhouse. She untied the rope  from my feet and
let me collapse to the floor. “Okay, kinky-boy- roll into the grass and
clean off your face!” I galumphed through the door and twisted my way into
the grass, where I rubbed my face in the grass and tried valiantly to scrape
myself clean for another eternity or so.

Finally, after a two or three eternities, she walked up to me and told
me “Hi there, kinky boy! Good to see you’re ready to rejoin the real world
again!” Then (oh joy of joys!) she unlocked and removed my chastity belt!
“Yes, while you were dangling, the lock-box popped open- evidently you
figured that around this time of the second day of your game-playing you
would be horny enough for an orgy of masturbation. Well, we may have to
make some changes in your schedule! You and I both know that a quick cum
isn’t nearly as satisfying as one that’s delayed for a while- maybe a long
while.”

Just the casual touching of her hands had my cock fat and erect
in less than a minute. But then she replaced my blindfold and the strap
around my balls and led me by this leash down a dirt path for what seemed
like an hour (surprising how time distorts when you have no references).
Finally, she stopped and told me to take a big step down; I would have
fallen if she hadn’t held my hand, because I quickly skidded about three
feet down a sandy slope. “Kneel, my slave.” I knelt, my knees pushing down
into a sandy surface.

“Kinky-boy slave- you know that although I’m a harsh Mistress that I
would never do anything to really hurt you, don’t you?”

I did know that
and said so.”Yes, Mistress Suzan, I know that you may be hard on me but
you have my best interests at heart.”

“Good; what I’m going to do
here may push your limits but nothing permanent will happen to you. It
may seem like it at times, but you won’t be harmed. Do you agree?”

I gulped.
“Yes, Mistress. I agree. To whatever you have planned, I agree.”

She pulled
off my blindfold, and I saw that I was kneeling in a hole at the edge of
a huge sand pile about thirty feet high (which I found out later was accumulated
by the State Highway Department for use during the harsh Indiana winters).
With me on my knees, the top of the hole came up to my chin. “Good- start
pulling sand into the hole.” I gulped and started pulling sand into the
hole. The work went quickly, and soon I was buried up to my hips in the
sand. “Make sure the sand is packed between your legs, kinky boy.” Yes,
there had been a gap, so I packed sand into the space between my legs.
I kept pulling in sand until I was buried up to my waist.

“Stop, kinky slave boy.” I stopped. “Put your hands at your side and
hold still; I’ll finish for you.” I waited as she pushed sand in; quickly
burying my forearms and then my chest. Suzan stopped for a moment to tease
my nipples and to tell me, “I hope you’re going to enjoy this even half
as much as I am, kinky-boy!” She continued pulling in sand until finally
she smoothed it carefully around my neck. I felt a brief surge of panic
as I realized “Holy fucking shit, I’m buried up to my neck in the sand!”,
but Suzan saw and calmed me. She squatted down next to me and stroked the
side of my face until the panic passed and then moved in front of me; I
stared up under her little yellow dress right into her pussy! She chuckled,
a deep alto chuckle. “Yes, kinky-boy, you see some of the possibilities
now, don’t you?” But her thighs closed and she stood up. She stood over
me and I looked up- up under her little yellow skirt at her plump round
ass. She looked down at me as I gazed at her and turned for me.

“I have to make some arrangements; just don’t you wander off, okay?” 
And she walked off around the sandpile toward the barn. I watched her legs
moving under her voluptuous butt as it twitched under her miniature little
skirt until she disappeared around the sandpile. Then I just waited and
felt incredibly helpless! She had reduced me to a disembodied head lying
on a desert of sand; the amazingly heavy sand made anything but shallow
breathing impossible. I couldn’t move a single muscle, moving a finger
was impossible, my balls were being crushed, and my cock (free of the chastity
belt, at least) was smashed quite flat. I waited.

Suddenly the lights went out; somebody had knelt behind me, their legs
holding my head motionless, and covered my eyes! “Hello again, kinky-boy!”
It was Suzan, as I pretty much expected.  She stood up and walked
in front of me, leading a short, Reubenesque redhead overflowing a string
bikini. “This is my friend Cindy. Actually, she’s my lover, and you can
abandon any hopes you had of spurting your slimy juices into her.”

Cindy
spoke up. “Hello, kinky-boy! Nice to meet you, or at least part of you.
We’ve decided that since you are now just a head, your purpose in life
is now to give head! Suzan has offered me the chance to go first since
I was trying to get her to go down on me last night. Suzan my love, will
you undress me, please?”

Cindy held up her arms and Suzan snuggled up against her from behind,
caressing her breasts as she unfastened her sliding-triangle bra top. She
pulled it away, and her chubby breasts danced for me, her nipples erect.
Then she put her thumbs in the side of Cindy’s bikini bottom- mere strings,
my favorite kind- and pushed it slowly off her hips. Cindy turned slowly
for me as the tiny scrap of cloth slipped off her hips and pulled out of
the cleft of her ass. Then she stepped over me and sat down on the sand,
positioning her hairy lips only inches in front of my face. With no reluctance
at all, I opened my mouth and extended my tongue, parting her lips and
stroking her clit. Cindy evidently approved, because she moved closer and
began moaning. I stole a quick glance upward and saw Suzan  kneeling
behind Cindy to grab her breasts; her erect nipples were poking between
her fingers.

Under the efforts of both of us, Cindy grew more and more excited, clasping
her thighs against my head and moaning. Her thighs were soaked with the
juices of her lust. “Ohhh... ohhh... damn, he’s making me feel good, Suzan!
Ooohh! Oh, Suzan- pinch my nipples to help me cum... oohhh!!!” She screamed
as her orgasm convulsed her body and fell back on the sand, one knee on
either side of my head.

After a moment spent gently stroking the side of Cindy’s head, Suzan
announced “My turn!” Cindy grinned, rolled over, and lay in the sand only
a foot away. Suzan likewise sprawled belly-down in the sand and scooted
back to me until her thighs pressed against my head on either side and
my face nestled between her ass-cheeks. I wiggled my face between them
and extended my tongue. I gently licked her puckered asshole.

“Ohhh...
good, kinky-boy! You like assholes, huh? Well, get to work!”

She scooted
back, jamming my face between her cheeks. I probed her flesh, penetrating
her tight little butthole, and worked on her until she squirmed. Then she
shifted to lift her ass, putting her prominent pussy lips within easy reach
of my tongue.  Once again, I seized the moment and parted her pussy
lips with my tongue to find her clit. “Ohhh... OHHH! You’re right, Cindy,
he’s good. Come here, girl!” While I serviced Suzan’s twat, Cindy sat down
in front of her. Suzan dove into Cindy’s twat, opening her thighs with
her hands and then pulling her pussy open with her fingers. Suzan’s pussy
began dribbling juices down my face and she began to jerk spasmodically.
“Oh, damn, Cindy, I’m going to cum. Hold me, her me cum, you fucking horny
bitch! OHHH! AGGGHHHH!” Her thighs clenched around my head and her ass
pushed back so hard into my face I thought she would break my neck! Then
she almost collapsed into Cindy’s crotch.

After Suzan recovered from her orgasm, she got up and disappeared behind
me again to return with just about the biggest dong I’ve ever seen. This
was a monstrous slab of pink rubber a foot and a half long, more than two
inches thick, and with a prominent flared cockhead on both ends. 
As Cindy watched happily (I guess this was one of their favorite girl-fuck
toys), she sucked both ends of the monster to wet it and then lowered it
to her twat. Cindy smiled lustfully and reached out to fondle her ass as
Suzan spread her thighs wide and twisted first one end, then the other,
up into her pussy and took a couple of strokes deep into herself.

Finally, Cindy sat down with one leg out and one leg bent at the knee.
Suzan sat down facing her and slipped one leg under Cindy’s bent leg, her
other leg over Cindy’s outstretched leg. She held out the dong and pressed
its mass against Cindy’s crotch, twisting slowly as she screwed it between
her lips and into her pussy, driving it far into her. Finally, she scooted
forward until she could start it penetrating her own pussy, and slowly
worked her way forward until both eager cunts were filled to the max. They
reached out for each others’ hands and began a slow fucking rhythm, moaning
constantly, rocking on the cushions of their ass cheeks.

I was about to lose my mind. I was unbelievably helpless, buried up
to my neck in sand, unable to move even a finger, with a ton of sand weighing
me down, watching two sexy women as they pleasured themselves before my
helpless eyes. My balls were crushed and aching; my cock, which had to
be crushed flat, felt like it was pushing through the sand, as hard as
iron. Cindy pulled back and off the dong and then eased the huge cock gently
out of Suzan’s twat before backing up onto my face and plunging her face
into Suzan’s wide-spread pussy. “Ohhh... damn, Cindy, your pussy is making
me cum again! Ohhh! I’M CUMING!” This was too much for me; my abused balls
convulsed and my own orgasm started. My balls pumped my cum down the length
of my cock, which was crushed flat but the sand. My balls pumped again;
the pain from the back pressure was too much, and I blacked out.

A long time later, the two girls dug away sand until my arms were freed
and then lay back in each other’s arms, cuddling, as I finished digging
myself out of the pit. After they helped me to my feet, they once again
handcuffed me and led me back to the barn. They marched me into the open
area of the barn, sat me down by the big steel ring in the floor, and uncuffed
me only to order me to immobilize myself. Obediently, I chose to apply
a favorite ball-stretcher, lock it to the steel ring with a chain with
clips on either end, and then put cuffs on my ankles and wrists. Cindy
was nice enough to padlock the four cuffs together, letting her swaying
breasts brush temptingly across my face as she did this. My disobedient
cock was once again proudly erect, but we all ignored it. I couldn’t touch
it and they really weren’t interested.

After Cindy helpfully popped a ball gag in my mouth, the two girls began
perusing the contents of my toy chest. Suzan grabbed some hardware and
then crawled over to the tool box, her little yellow skirt riding ‘way
up over her butt, which it never covered much at its best. It displayed 
her pussy enough to tempt Cindy into laughing and grabbing her, which led
to an erotic tussle that gave me even more of an erection- which, as usual,
I was powerless to touch.

The two girls conferred for a moment and then disappeared into the back
room, returning a few minutes later with a pair of eight-foot 2X2 boards
and another workhorse. They set things up and then released me from my
position. “Enough rest for now- you have work to do!” They gave me directions
and in about half an hour I had fastened the two boards together at one
end with a hinge and then cut a circular hole in the resulting 2X4 split-down-the-middle
board. I moved the sawhorses apart and set the new device on top of them.
After Suzan cuffed my hands behind my back, she ordered “Straddle the board,
kinky-boy!” I did so, right over the hole; it seemed the reasonable thing
to do. Cindy opened the board and Suzan reached under to grab my cock and
balls and pull them down through the hole. She pulled down hard until my
balls really hurt while Cindy closed the board and secured it with a piece
of rope.

“But I think he needs to spread his legs, doesn’t he?” Suzan took a
rope, tied it to one ankle, and draped the rope over the board behind me.
Cindy took the rope, pulled on it to raise my ankle almost to the board,
raised my other ankle to meet it, and tied it there. My whole weight was
now balanced uncomfortably on the board. If I leaned back, my cock and
balls were painfully stretched, so I leaned forward, and that gave Cindy
the idea of greasing up my butt plug (the just-too-large-enough one) and
slipping it up my butt! This was a thoroughly uncomfortable position, and
I managed to put up with it by rocking back and forth, alternately stretching
my cock and balls and shoving the butt plug up my ass! Cindy reached under
the board to play with my balls and the head of my cock.

Somehow Cindy sensed that I might have the tiniest possibility of cuming;
she lightly slapped my balls from below (that hurt, smashing them into
the board that was stretching them down) and then stopped touching me.
Suzan saw what was going on and went to the toy chest for a pair of nipple
clamps- a favorite pair of tweezer-type clamps with a weight on the chain-
and slowly affixed them to my nipples. After she tightened them just enough
to stay on, she went back to the toy chest for another weight to add to
the chain and adjusted them to about 6 out of 10 on the agony scale. (When
I put the clamps on myself, I always get a small surge of pain, then it
feels OK, but when I can’t get to the clamps because I’m self-bound, I
always go through a brief ‘oh god, they’re too tight, why on earth did
I do this to myself’ period.) Oh, damn, that hurts, Mistress! Thank you
for doing that to me!” She ignored me.

“Look how far out his nipples come,
Cindy!” Suzan played with my nipples and the clamps for a while before
they tired of the new device and went back to the toy chest, leaving me
to suffer while they studied.

After a few more minutes, the bitches came up with another idea. They
released me from the board and used my rubber belts to strap me to the
post I had started my games on. Cindy decided to add to my immobility by
tightly belting the top of my head to the post, wrapping the belt over
my forehead, around the post, around my mouth, and then tying it off. My
jaw was about to break off, too,  but I was in no position to complain!
They disappeared into the back again, returning with a wooden barrel. “Remember
how I mentioned that Suzan wanted to go down on me but I had other ideas?
Well, I’m going to give her the chance. Remember that you’re not the only
one into bondage!” The two girls lay the barrel on its side and used pieces
of board to brace it motionless. Then Cindy lay down on top of the barrel,
her head hanging down over one end, her twat at the other. Suzan tied a
length of my 1/4" rope to one of Cindy’s legs, pulled it down under the
barrel and up the other side, where she tied her other ankle. She repeated
the process with Cindy’s wrists, leaving her spread-eagled atop the barrel.

My cock ached, and Suzan noticed. “Kinky-boy, your lust is showing.
I am going to protect you from yourself!” She picked up my chastity belt-
oh, shit! She pushed the belt behind my back. buckled it around my waist,
and pulled the sheath panel up through my legs. She squeezed the head of
my rock-hard and aching cock until it wilted enough for her to slip it
into the sheath tube. (By the time the groin plate is against my belly,
my cock is pressed against my belly in a not-big-enough sheath which bends
it down and backward between my legs. This is not good when you’re hot!).
In a minute she had the belt securely locked on me. Damn! I pleaded with
my eyes. She smiled at me and said “Kinky-boy, you know that a Mistress
sometimes has to be firm. So I’ll be firm because you can’t!”

She left me bound to the post and returned to Cindy, who was smiling
and craning her neck to watch the action around the barrel. Suzan stepped
over to her and bent to kiss her slowly on the lips. “But since I’m in
charge here, Cindy, you will have to service me first, okay?”

“Certainly,
Mistress Suzan! You know I live to serve you!” Suzan pulled up the front
of her tiny yellow skirt, pulled  her panties to her knees, spread
her legs and stepped toward Cindy’s face. Cindy eagerly stuck her face
into Suzan’s pussy and went to work. Suzan closed her eyes in passion and
ground her hips into Cindy’s face. I watched Cindy’s fingers clenching
and her toes curl in passion as she eagerly serviced Suzan’s needs, her
head sandwiched between Suzan’s panties and her crotch. I wished I could
have seen behind Suzan and watched Cindy working on her, but that wasn’t
to be, just as I wasn’t even to have a hard-on. Damn! I watched until Suzan
finally came, noisily squirming while she pulled Cindy’s head almost into
her. Then she sat down for a moment, half-dazed, and gently stroked Cindy’s
inverted face while she collected herself.

Suzan finally heaved herself to her feet, pulled her panties primly
up over her twat, and walked over to Cindy’s vulnerably-spread crotch,
tugging on my double-weighted nipple clamps as she passed. She knelt between
Cindy’s thighs and manually played with Cindy’s exposed pussy for a minute
or so (really a very long time), occasionally looking at me to enjoy my
frustration as I watched. I was so excited I almost cried. Suzan of course
noticed and stepped over to wipe her right hand, soaked with Cindy’s juices,
over my face and even stock her fingers up my nose. Cindy’s juices were
incredibly fragrant! Then Suzan selected a slender dildo from my toy chest
and returned to Cindy. As I watched helplessly, she wet the dildo with
a few deep strokes in her pussy while she pressed her thighs together and
then screwed the dildo firmly up into Cindy’s ass! Cindy reacted enthusiastically,
humping her hips up as much as she could until finally Suzan put her hand
on her belly and held her down so she could get her face into Cindy’s cunt.
I watched as Suzan simultaneously ate Cindy’s pussy and vigorously reamed
her ass with the dildo, twisting and stirring. “Oh, god, Suzan, that’s
too much! Everything feels so good! Oh, damn! I feel it... you’re going
to make me cum again...” Suzan took the hand not busy  with the dildo
and slipped it into her own crotch; she squatted down further to open herself
wider, and I could see her hand moving under the skimpy rubber of her panties.
I wanted so bad to crawl up behind her and slip my cock between Cindy’s
pussy lips, but that obviously was not to be....

Minutes passed until both girls began making the unmistakable sounds
of approaching orgasm.  Both girls squealed and spouted obscenities,
and I began to feel a familiar cramping in my balls. I was going to cum!
I struggled desperately against the heavy straps as the display continued;
the rubber yielded just enough to give me hope and then took that hope
right back again. Finally the weight of the madly-swaying weights caused
one of the nipple clips to skid off my tender nipple flesh; the pain was
incredible, and that was the final insane touch that pushed me to the edge.
I felt my balls cramp as Cindy squealed out her cum. “Ohhh... Suzan my
dear bitch, you’re setting my cunt on fire... ohhh, you’re going to make
me cum again, you horny bitch cuntfucker! OHHH!” Suzan screamed into Cindy’s
slippery-wet pussy as she came too, and as she screamed I felt... nothing.
Damn damn damn the chastity belt! No matter how much I wanted, my cock
was pinned down toward my feet by the sheath tube and cruelly bent- I couldn’t
cum! Shit fuck piss damn damn damn....

I hung half-dazed from my straps and watched as Suzan released Cindy
from the barrel- first releasing her arms, kissing her softly as she did
so, and then went to her feet, gently kissing her twat while she untied
her ankles. Then the two girls came over to me. Cindy giggled: “Ohhh, poor
kinky-boy! I know you want to cum so bad! But I want to cum again... Suzan
makes me insatiable.”

“And to test just how insatiable you really are,
I want to try out a bondage position I saw at Voyeurweb! Come here, little
lady.” Suzan giggled as Cindy eagerly walked over, her breasts bobbling,
to what looked like a fence- actually part of a horse pen or something.
Suzan urged Cindy (by firmly leading her by her nipples) to a kneeling
position on a sack of soy beans in front of the fence, facing away from
me, but that was all right since the rear view of Cindy was mouth-watering
too.

Suzan put Cindy’s hands atop the fence, a little over her head since
she was kneeling, and tied them there, widely separated. Then, using another
piece of my rope; she tied one end to Cindy’s right ankle, pulled the rope
around a post about six feet to her right, pulled the rope across until
it was about the same distance to her left, and wrapped it around a post
there. Then she pulled the rope back to Cindy’s left ankle and pulled on
the rope until Cindy’s right ankle was pulled up and to her right, and
then she pulled Cindy’s left ankle up and left and tied the rope to it.
The net effect was that Cindy was bound kneeling with her feet in the air
and spread wide. In front, her arms were extended and spread even farther.
Both her breasts and her twat were completely exposed. “Hey, I can see
the possibilities, Suzan! What do you have in mind for me?”

“Mostly taking
advantage of your vulnerable body, my sweet!”

“Hell, Suzan, have you ever
known me to resist any of your dastardly advances?”

“Of course not, Cindy-
but when you can’t resist that makes it even more titillating! And speaking
of titillating- “

Suzan stepped behind her and reached down over her shoulders to grab
Cindy’s breasts, her fingers spread wide and pointing down. “Ohhh... I
must ask that you unhand me, you evil person, you, except that you make
me feel so good when you do it!”

Suzan smirked and let go of Cindy’s breasts.
“Boy, I love the way your boobs bounce when I abuse them!”

“Unhand me,
you evil wench!”

Suzan gigged some more and dropped on her back, her feet toward me,
and scooted toward Suzan until her face was under Cindy’s exposed crotch.
“Oh, no, evil wench, you wouldn’t dare put your sordid face in my defenseless
crotch and perform some foul act of oral sex on me, would you!”

“Oh yes
I would, and the best part is that I’ll make you love it!”

Cindy giggled.
“You know that doesn’t take much!”

Suzan raised her lips to Cindy’s lips
and extended her tongue to part her lips and stroke her clit. Cindy threw
her head back with a throaty moan. Me, I moaned too behind my gag; I was
in an excellent position to contemplate both Suzan’s crotch and Cindy’s
backside as Suzan worked on her. An unanticipated side-effect of Suzan’s
choice of a sack of soy beans as a cushion for Cindy’s knees was that,
as Cindy squirmed, her knees pushed the beans away, sinking through the
beans, so that more and more of her weight fell on Suzan’s face; Suzan’s
words became more and more muffled but no less emphatic. Finally Suzan
dropped one hand to her own belly and began to vigorously massage herself
as she continued to suck hard on Cindy’s open crotch. Cindy squirmed long
and hard and loud, struggling happily against the ropes that bound her
wrists and the ropes that spread her ankles and thighs. Finally I heard
the squeals that signaled the arrival of almost-simultaneous female orgasms;
Suzan’s legs spread so far apart I thought they would break and then slammed
back together, her ankles crossing, while Cindy’s legs spread so far apart
that she truly sat on Suzan’s face with all her weight. Then, with a crescendo
of joyous sounds, both of them went limp.

Myself, I just squirmed and suffered. But after a couple of colossal
orgasms, both my captors felt pretty mellow, so they let me out of my chastity
belt. They did the immense favor of releasing my left arm after they pulled
a beat-up old cotton glove over my left hand and taped it there with Duct
Tape. Then they stood in front of me with the video camera pointed at me
as Suzan said, “Well, kinky-boy, we’re finally going to let you get off!
You’ll have to stay tied to the post, of course, but we will mercifully
allow you to play with yourself and try to make yourself cum. We’ll even
let you watch us- we know you enjoy watching!”

They lay down on the
hay-littered floor in the side-by-side ‘69' position, Cindy’s feet facing
me, and I watched in incredible frustration as Suzan gently worked her
face into Cindy’s wet twat. “Ohhh... oh, Suzan, your tongue always goes
good things to my clit... it’s especially good that kinky-boy can only
play with himself while he has to watch your face in my pussy! Ohhh...”

I seized my aching cock with my unfamiliar left hand in the hard and dry
glove. Cindy lifted one leg up into the air to let Suzan get deeper into
her twat.  My cock grew eagerly but the glove and my left hand meant
that it took almost five minutes of carefully energetic self-abuse before
my balls gave the familiar “here I come!” signal. The girls noticed and
played for me, getting noisier and dirtier for my pleasure: “Ohhh, Cindy,
I love the way you spread my pussy lips with your tongue! Please poke your
fingers up my ass and make me cum!” Finally I clamped down hard with the
glove and my balls let go, pumping huge wads of cum down my cock and through
the air onto the floor. The feeling of relief was so intense that I almost
passed out as my balls pumped out my juices. While I was pulling myself
back together, they slipped the chastity belt back on me and worked my
slimy, exquisitely-sensitive cock back into its sheath. Oh, shit...

Mistress Suzan held out my Master padlock, and my heart leaped gleefully.
“No, kinky-boy, don’t get your hopes up. Cindy?” She held out her hand
and Cindy handed her a slim, shiny Master padlock with two keys tied together.
Suzan handed my lock to Cindy, who dropped it in my toy chest. Suzan pulled
the keys out of the new lock, slipped its hasp through the loop on the
chastity belt, and closed the clock with that classic Master sound. Once
again, my chastity was assured, damn it!

“I shopped carefully to find you
a slim model that won’t show under your clothes when you go back to school.
You know it’s important not to show panty lines or chastity belt lock lumps
under your school clothes! ”

Oh, shit... go back to school with a chastity
belt? This was ceasing to be a sexy fantasy.

“Just think about how you’re
going to handle it when that sweet young thing next to you in class finally
flirts back at you and you can’t take her up on it because you might ‘get
lucky’ but you can’t because I have the key to your dick! You know how
women seem to flirt more with married men because they’re unavailable?
I wonder if it’ll work the same way with you? Of course, they won’t be
able to see right off that you’re unavailable; you’ll have to tell them,
I guess.” She smiled sternly at me as Cindy put both the keys on a gold
chain and draped the chain around Suzan’s neck; the keys  nestled
deep in her cleavage.

“Like we pointed out before, kinky-boy, we own you
now! Your do-it-yourself cum may just have been your last one. If you ever
get the urge to pay a visit to your thing, give me a call. Don’t just drive
up, I may be too busy to deal with you right away, and your being insistent
might piss me off enough to lose the keys.”

Oh, crap... yes, they did own
me now. Wearing a chastity belt full time was going to be difficult and
less of a fantasy. It was certainly going to change my social life! As
I stared wide-eyed, Mistress Suzan pressed her breasts together, and the
keys disappeared in her flesh.

Finally, after half an hour of stimulating chat in front of me, they
released me and even helped me reload the van and waved good-bye to me
as I left. The last thing I saw in the rear-view mirror before I turned
a corner was Suzan, her legs spread with her skirt rolled up around her
waist and the top of her dress down around her waist. Cindy was on her
knees in front of her, her hands cupping Suzan’s ass cheeks and her face
on Suzan’s jiggling boobs. I caught a flash of light off the keys between
her breasts- the keys to my cock!
