---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Perfect Match
authors:
- RG Bargy
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- spank
- toys
- oral
- mast
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-09 00:00:00
---

I had always thought that
the best candidate for bondage was a nymphomaniac, someone who was almost
insatiable. Stephanie seemed the ideal candidate. We had been having sexual
relations for several weeks. I am a typical male, well almost. I have a short
fuse and find seconds hard to achieve. I do not know what Stephanie sees in
me, except that I try and satisfy her perpetually high libido. I am, if I say
so myself, quite skilled with fellatio or finger masturbation. My usual ploy
is to give her several satisfying orgasms before getting my own sex involved.
Up to this point Stephanie had avoided all discussion about fantasy or
variety. I needed to find a new approach.

My first gambit was to ask
her to demonstrate how she pleasured herself, ostensibly so that I could do it
better. She seemed reluctant, even embarrassed. I was amused to watch her get
all flushed as she parted her legs before me. She was completely naked and sat
in the middle of my bed. I was sitting as casually as I could in a chair
watching her intently

"You’ve never seemed
shy before," I quipped.

Stephanie did not answer.
With an embarrassed look on her face she reached down and started to stroke
herself. To be truthful I was more interested in what she did with her other
hand. As she got into the swing of things she started pulling at her left
nipple and started writhing. It was not long before she climaxed. Her hand
immediately withdrew and she looked up.

"Nothing to it really,
"she stammered, "you tend to be a bit hard on my clitoris but I certainly
have no complaints."

"What about vibrators?
You do have a vibrator?" I said reaching behind me and puling out a very
ordinary phallus shaped vibrator "Show me," I encouraged.

"What now?

"Surely you are not
satisfied already?" I challenged wickedly.

Stephanie pouted "no
need to make fun of me!"

"I’m not!" I assured
her, "I am just trying to find ways to please you."

She looked even more
flushed this time and climaxed almost immediately. She had danced the vibrator
around inside her while her left hand had just supported her weight, nothing
more. Once again the vibrator came out immediately on climax.

"Only one?" I jeered
playfully. I was aware already of course of the way she liked things. She
seemed very sensitive moments after orgasm and any attempts I made to prolong
it were rebuffed. I was convinced that this was half her problem. She never
allowed herself to be fully satisfied.

"Have you got one of
these?" I asked producing a strap on vibrator. I hoped she would not think
to ask why I should have one. It was of no obvious use to me being designed to
fit a woman. This one was remote controlled. I had also tampered with it to
allow for much lower vibrations.

"Er, no," she said
quickly "I do not think I......" Her voice tailed off. She was getting too
embarrassed. I would have to be careful.

"Try it on," I
suggested, tossing it over to her. She looked at it a bit warily.

"How does it work?"
She said cautiously,

"I have the controller
over here," I said innocently and turned it up as far as it would go. The
thing vibrated furiously in her hand and I turned it off quickly.

She thought for a minute.
It seemed like an eternity to me before she stood up and strapped it on.

"Would you like me to
give you a demonstration?" I said brandishing the control out of her reach.
I did not give her a chance to reply but turned it on about half way, just
enough to get her interested.

"Hmm," she purred
that’s nice, "Limits your access a bit though."

"Don't worry about me," I purred back, She reached out for the controls.

"Now, now," I said,
"this is my toy, I have something else to show you"

Despite my outward calm I
was now getting very nervous and not a little worked up. So far she had gone
along with my requests, the next one was pushing it, after that I would be
going for broke.

"What the hell are
they?" She demanded her mind distracted from her vibrating pussy.

"Nipple clamps," I
said casually. I put one on. I had practised this for several nights until I
could wear it without flinching. "It stimulates the nipple," I explained,
removing it quickly.

Once again she put them on
herself, no cohersion from me. She was obviously a little unsure but my
demonstration had been enough to make her want to try. I distracted her by
giving the vibrator a tweak.

"I don’t think I like them," she decided, "I’m getting all hot and bothered."

I grasped a hand that was
reaching to remove the clips. The other hand followed. We wrestled, playfully
but I was not going to let her go and I succeeded in getting her hands behind
her back.

"I can’t control the
vibrator and your hands," I gasped, "perhaps I should tie you down?"

It was as casual and
innocent as I could make it. She was caught off balance, not knowing what she
wanted. I let go long enough to grasp the looped rope that I had left under
the pillows and caught it around her wrists, wrapped it round, and tying it
off as quickly as possible. It was not elegant by any means and would not hold
for long, but then again it would not have to. The clock was running, I had by
my calculations less than 5 minutes before the game was lost.

"Hey what’s going on?
Untie me."

"I will remove the
nipple clamps." I told her. I was as gentle as possible but she winced as
the blood ran back into her left nipple. I immediately covered it with my
mouth and kissed it better, making it swell and producing a moan from her. She
was ripening nicely, unaware of how her body was reacting.

"Brace your self for the
other one," I told her gently, my left hand reaching for the vibrator
control. As the second clip came off I flicked the control to maximum. Her
eyes flew wide open as an orgasm hit her instantly. She pulled ineffectively
at her hands but the ropes held. The vibrator hummed on and she suddenly
realised she could not stop it.

"Oh my God!" She
exclaimed as a second climax ripped through her. I risked one more; my tongue
returning to her left nipple.

"Stop it......" Her
voice tailed off as her body convulsed again. I let her down as gently as I
could letting the vibrations decrease slowly. I reached behind her and fumbled
desperately with the rope, fortunately the knot was around the cinch not
directly affected by her struggles. I threw it across the room, out of her
immediate sight and retreated to give her space to calm down. She pulled
herself into a ball with her knees to her chin and rocked back and forth,
almost oblivious to me. She raised her head slowly, "What happened?"

"You have just had you
first bondage orgasm, " I told her. I waited for the torrent of abuse, but
it did not come. I suddenly realised that I had shot my load in all the
excitement. It was my turn to be embarrassed. I tried desperately to cover it
up.

"Are you O.K?"

"That was incredible,"
she panted "I have never felt anything like it. I was completely out of
control. I think I would have killed you if I could have got my hands free."

"I hope you no longer
feel that way," I said quietly. "It would be a shame to spoil our
relationship."

"Have you done that to
all your previous girlfriends?" She asked

"Not exactly," I
confessed. "Up until now I have talked it through and they have tried it
willingly. No one has reacted quite like you. I have only dreamt of such a
response. I tried an experiment. It now remains to be seen whether you will
ever want to see me again". My concerns were genuine. I had in effect assaulted
her.

"I do not think I would
have agreed to it," she confessed. There was an interminable pause. "I
would have missed out on and incredible orgasm. Several in fact. I am shagged
out."

"That must be a
first," I quipped trying to lighten things. A pillow flew past my head.

"You kinky bastard"
she retorted, but there was humour and lightness in her voice. "I ought to
tie you up."

"I might like that," I
confessed evenly, "but I come too quickly as it is. I seem to have wet
myself in all the excitement."

She giggled. I relaxed for
the first time since we had started.

"So what did you think
of my little game? Would you like to try some more. Not now of course, " I
added quickly. "We would have to establish a few ground rules. What was
allowed and what isn’t. What you might like and what not."

"I am not too sure about
those nipple thingies," She confirmed. "It felt like my tit was on fire."
She paused remembering, "but that orgasm....... It was incredible. I did not
expect it."

I smiled both inward and
outwardly.

"You were under my
control," I told her, "but all I wanted was to make you happy. To satisfy
you just once. Did I succeed?"

"I have never felt anything
like it," she confirmed, "and I want more. But not now. I need to think
about this."

"Take your time," I
told her, "Surf the net. Look up bondage sites I can give you some pointers
if you like but it might be better if you looked for yourself. I don’t want
to give you a false idea. Just be assured. I am not into heavy whips or even
dungeons. Just simple rope bondage and sexual stimulation. Of course you might
have other ideas."

"How long have you been
into this?"

"As long as I can
remember," I confessed,  "I
have even tied myself up."

She was intrigued. "I
have heard about such things. I never understood it."

"Its not the same as the
real thing. For a start you can get free at any time. Unless you use locks and
handcuffs and things, but I have never been in to that. Like I said, I come
too quickly and once I have been I loose interest a bit."

"Sounds like a
challenge."

"May be. But I would
prefer to tie you up instead."

"Why?"

"I think I can satisfy
you in ways you could not imagine," I said trying not to sound too pompous.
"I certainly would like to try."

"We will see."

She suddenly remembered
the vibrator still strapped around her crotch.

"Maybe I should get one
of these." She pondered.

I resisted the temptation
to turn it on again. She took it off and discarded it. "I will certainly
think twice before letting you put it on me again."

"You put it on
yourself," I reminded her.

"I did didn’t I?"

The evening wound up
quickly, but not before she had made use of my shower. I was intrigued. She
had never bothered before.

I did not expect Stephanie
to become an instant bondage fanatic. To be honest I had not planned any
further ahead. For all I knew she may never come back, or if she did, she
might refuse to have anymore to do with tying up. It was with some trepidation
therefore that I opened the door to her a few days later. She might have
looked wary, or it might have just been my over active imagination. Certainly
there was no sign of anything untoward in my flat. We exchanged kisses and
pleasantries before getting more comfortable. Eventually she was lying naked
and relaxed in the middle of the bed, her naturally tanned body awaiting my
touch and her hands limp by her sides. Her breathing was even and her eyes
half closed. I ran my fingers gently over her body tracing around her right
breast. She accepted my touch without question.

"So how did your
investigations go?"

"Unsatisfactory,"

This was not the answer I
was looking for, "there’s so much crap on the net you can’t really get
anything intelligent. I found a lot of pictures of women and men for that
matter tied up in all sorts of ways. It appears that most of them want it, but
I could not for the life of me see why."

"It’s power exchange
and trust," I suggested, "put it this way. At present you are quite
happily lying there allowing me to play with you, but if I do something you do
not want then you are able to stop me." My hand drifted down to between her
legs. This was not unwelcome although her pussy was very dry. I started to
encourage her and took time out to kiss her nipple and make it swell.

"Or I might stop
suddenly," her disappointment was obvious, "you might try and continue
where I left off." She didn’t but I could see that the idea had some
appeal. I returned to pleasuring her. By now I knew what she likes and how to
arouse her.

"If your hands are tied
behind you, like the other night, you have no choice. You have to put up with
what ever I do, and trust that I will eventually satisfy you."

"But the pictures looked
so......." She seemed to be unsure of the word "brutal. Uncomfortable,
even painful."

"They can be, it depends
on what has been agreed. Some people like being twisted up and put into
strange positions. You have to find your own limits. Not every one is looking
to have sex. Some just like being tied up. It takes all sorts. " I laughed
nervously. I was not actually upset with the way things were going. She might
be open to another try even. "Apart from the surprise you were not actually
uncomfortable were you?"

"I suppose not," she
conceded, "I am not sure what I felt. It happened so quickly."

"I didn’t want to
frighten you," I assured her, "you could have probably freed yourself
given the chance, I would need to tie your arms as well to be really secure, I
just wanted you to experience being helpless while I made you orgasm."

"Well it certainly
worked. I could not stop you and I have never felt anything like it."

"Would you like to try
again? Just your hands. " I assured her, "no vibrator, just me."

I waited with baited
breath. I could see she was seriously thinking about it. Her pussy suddenly
went wet. I had not been trying so there had to be another reason. Could she
actually be interested?

"Just my hands?"

"And arms," 
I corrected, "to make sure you cannot escape."

"You won’t hurt me?"

"I just want to pleasure
you," I assured her, "Though I might ask you to give me a quick suck." I
knew she had no objection to such things. She even liked it.

"One thing," I said
getting up,  " we need a safe
word." She looked questioningly." Something to say stop. Just in case you
think I have gone too far, or not far enough." She still looked confused. "What do you blurt out in desperation? I’ve never heard you swear."

"Shit!" She said
laughing. "It’s a four letter word.

"Not very lady like,"
I chided, "better not use that, you might blurt it out accidentally. What we
need is a word you would not normally say, but can mean ‘for God’s sake
stop’

Stephanie considered for a
minute. "How about ‘mercy’. It’s not a normal word in this day and age
but it is fairly accurate."

"O.K" I agreed, " If
you are desperate for me to stop  or
if you get cramp, or anything just say ‘mercy’ and I will immediately ask
what’s up and untie you if necessary."

"Sounds fair enough,
assuming you do."

"If we are going to do
this, you have to trust me," I said seriously. "The safe word is not to be
abused by me or you for that matter. You have to be able to say stop in an
emergency."

"What about the girls I
saw with balls in their mouths or other things?"

"That is for another
time, if you are happy with the way things are going. If you were gagged I
would have to watch you carefully to make sure everything was O.K. We would
have an extra signal - some sort of grunt sequence, or eye movement. Safety is
paramount. This is fun not torture or abuse."

Stephanie seemed satisfied
with that. I was pleased. She had asked the right questions and accepted the
answers. She could become the bondage kitten I had always dreamed about, but
for now it was up to me to make sure she enjoyed this next step. I looked at
her as she sat up. Her breath seemed shallow and her eyes dilated. She was
either anxious or very excited. I hoped it was the latter. I suggested she
knelt on the bed with her hands behind her. She complied without question.

I used a doubled up rope,
looping it over her crossed wrists and wrapping it round several times before
cinching it in the middle. I had enough left to take it around her waist each
way and tie it at the front completely out of her reach. I then took a second
length. Looped several turn over her right arm, across her chest, around her
left arm and eventually back to the right making a complete circle. Her arms
were now fixed giving her no purchase to pull at her wrists.

"How’s that?" I
asked, "Comfortable?"

"I can hardly call it
comfortable," she complained "but it is not uncomfortable as such." She
tried to move her arms ineffectually. I reached my arms around each side of
her and cupped her breasts squeezing gently. She wriggled but could not stop
me, of course.

"You see how vulnerable
you are?" I reached one hand down between her slightly parted legs. It was
warm and moist. But she would have to wait a while. I gave her a couple of
quick strokes with my index finger and withdrew. There was a slight squeal of
disappointment. "Patience my love," I purred. "We have a whole evening
ahead of us."

At that her head whipped
round to look at me, eyes wide.

"Your not going to keep
me like this all night?"

I smiled disarmingly.
"Unless you can escape?"

Her struggles were a
little more vigorous but she was held firm, even if it was only her arms and
hands. I gave her a firm push sideways making her fall over her legs flaying
wildly.

"You can appreciate why
I might want to tie your legs," I suggested.

"Maybe," she gasped,
"but why did I see so many with their legs tied together. Doesn’t that
defeat the object?"

"Depends what the object
is, "I informed her, "If the object is to frustrate you then tying them
together would be very effective. Crossing your ankles gives a little more
access. Fixing them apart leave you very exposed. I can always change the
position if I want. You would not be in a position to argue. I have the ropes
after all, regardless of the male female strength inequalities."

Stephanie absorbed the
information. "I see what you mean about relinquishing control. If I let you
tie me up completely I really am helpless aren’t I."

"Yes," I said simply.
"And you are pretty helpless even now," I said pouncing on her.

I subjected her to a
severe mauling, sexual of course. Her breast received the brunt of my
attention but I did not overlook the delicacies of her neck, inside her legs
but not her now dripping wet pussy. She squirmed and squealed. Her legs were
downright dangerous flaying about at every opportunity. I was not going to be
beaten, neither would I break my word. I said hands only and I would abide by
it. Suddenly I got off her and retreated. She thrashed about a bit straining
to break free from her bonds. I was sweating hard myself. This was hard work.

"Is that it?" She
wheedled.

"For now," I answered,
"I need a rest, perhaps you would like to pleasure me instead?"

"Like this?"

"Of course," I smiled,
"You still have your mouth. Now how about it?"

I sat down and sprawled.
She looked like she might refuse.

"Me first, you
second," I stated. "You won’t regret it." I assured her. "Perhaps
you would like me to warm your bottom instead?"

"You wouldn’t,"

"I might."

"I dare you."

"You’re serious?" I
hadn’t bargained on this turn of events.

She looked at me
petulantly. "Spank me."

I got up slowly. She did
not flinch or try to run. I sat on the edge of the bed and pulled her across
my lap. She was shaking, but it was not fear. Despite everything I had ever
believed in I spanked her. Lightly at first but she goaded me to hit harder.
It was clear that she wanted it. She did not struggle or scream or shout.
Neither did I hear a cry for mercy. She wanted it, so I obliged. I then
received my reward.

I am not turned on by
violence, even mild or consential. I was as flaccid as it was possible to be.
She coaxed me up and sucked me dry swallowing every drop. I could scarcely
believe it. She then looked up into my eyes.

"You will have to use
something else to pleasure me,"  she
said slyly,

I helped her back onto the
bed and proceeded to lick her from head to toe. She squirmed but did not
complain. Her bottom had got quite red yet she lay back, her arms still pinned
behind her and took everything I could give her. I finished with my head
buried deep between her legs my tongue lapping and sucking. I managed to reach
up with my hand and squeezed her breasts pulling her nipples. She squawked
encouragingly raising her hips to give me better access. The climax was big
and I continued like before, ignoring her pleas to stop. She did not ask for
mercy and she did not get any. I counted four good ones before letting her
down gently. Her thighs almost crushed my head as the waves subsided. I
motioned for her to turn over but she refused.

"All night you said,"

I gaped in wonder.

"Now tie me up some
more." She said softly. "Legs, ankles, anything. I want to be completely
at your.." She paused  "under
your control" she corrected. "Show me what you can do."

Yes I broke my word, I
broke all my words except the one about safety, and that was never called. I
tied her every which way. From Hog tie to Frog tie. Legs wide, legs together.
Tied to the bed post, to flat on the floor, but always her hands stayed as I
had tied them at the beginning. She told me what she liked but never
complained. She wanted to try different gags, but I only have one, a red ball
gag. She liked it. I fucked her twice, and she had several more orgasms even
using the dreaded strap on vibrator with her legs locked together. She was
still insatiable. I was exhausted.

She stayed tied up all
night and was as stiff as a board in the morning. I was convinced she had over
done it and would want nothing more to do with bondage or me for that matter.
I was wrong.

"That was fantastic."
She exclaimed despite her obvious discomfort. "I wish you had brought this
up sooner. I can’t believe what I have been missing out on.."

I could not believe my
ears. I wanted to marry her.

They say all good things
must come to an end. I am glad to say that whoever they are, they are wrong. I
did marry her. And she is still hooked on bondage. I have had to join a gym
just to keep fit enough to keep up with her. Did she ever rise to the
challenge of tying me up? Actually , yes. The first time I came almost before
she had finished securing me. Since then I too have had a night in bondage. It
was unbelievably frustrating and I never came once despite a generous dose of
viagra. My prick was so sore I refused her offer of relief. Suffice it to say
she kissed it better the following night and was suitably punished for her
misdeeds. Well not really. Like I said, I hate violence but I can not refuse
her. I have even got used to the idea of giving her a good spanking. She is
not my slave. In truth, she enslaved me that first full night of bondage and I
have worshipped her ever since.
