---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam's Diary 15&16
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- MF/m
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Sam's Diary 12,13&14**](sams_diary06.html))_

_Sam's Diary
by Studbound
Sam's Diary by Studbound_

_Chapter 15 September
28, 2000_

_To My Diary,_

_I've been busy with my graduate classes, and spending some time with
Julie, my girlfriend, so again I haven't been tied up for a while. On Saturday
afternoon, about 4:30, Derek told me to put on my red speedo, and meet
him in the den. This surprised me as I knew my parents were coming to visit
and my aunt and Derek were going out to a movie and late dinner, so if
Derek was going to tie me up, it could only be for a little while._

_In the den, he waited holding rope and tape._

_"But you'll have to untie me before you go out, and that's in just a
little while," I complained._

_"Maybe, and maybe not," Derek smiled. "We have things worked out."_

_As he said this, he was busy tying my hands behind my back, wrists to
opposite elbows. He used tape to secure the rope. Next he tied my legs
above, below my knees and at my ankles. Then he wrapped five wraps of rope
around my upper body binding my upper arms in tightly._

_"That looks good," he said. "Now sit on the couch."_

_Our couch has six legs, two on each end, and two in the middle. Derek
had me sit on the center section of the couch. He tied my ankles to the
center support leg of the couch. Walking around behind the couch, he took
more rope and tied it to the ropes that circled my upper body, then took
it down behind the couch and tied it off to the center back leg._

_"He looks very good," said Aunt Helen who had walked into the room,
"Have you told him what's going to happen?"_

_"Not yet," said Derek. "He'll find out soon enough.  Now, open
wide, Sam."_

_I opened my mouth, and in went the large plug of the leather gag. Derek
fastened the straps using the Velcro to hold them in place. Now I was sitting
there, unable to leave the couch, bound and gagged. I squirmed enjoying
the tight feeling of the ropes that I love so much and wondering what they
were up to._

_Time went by, and it was almost the moment when my folks should arrive
and the four of them leave when the doorbell rang. I figured it was my
father and step-mother. I wondered how she would react to finding me tied
up again._

_"Get that will you Hun," I heard Derek shout. It must be the baby-sitter."_

_Baby sitter???!!! I was startled. After all, I'm twenty-two years old
and in graduate school for God's sake!. What were they talking about?!!!_

_Aunt Helen answered it, and I could hear talking, but couldn't identify
who was there. Then, Aunt Helen returned and I got one of the biggest shocks
of my life. It wasn't my parents, it was my girlfriend, Julie!!!_

_Julie stood and looked at me for a while, and then said, "He looks even
better in person than he does in the pictures."_

_Derek laughed. "Do you think you can handle him for the evening?_

_Julie sat down next to me, and looked over the ropes that bound me,
and investigated the gag. I was really embarrassed, and shocked, but could,
of course, do nothing about it._

_"Sure," she said. "He won't give me any trouble at all. You go on and
have a good time. Stay out as late as you want."_

_"We have to wait for Sam's parents to arrive," Derek explained. "Meanwhile,
understand that you can untie him any time you want. You can remove the
gag. Or you can leave him that way until we get home. We have an agreement
with Sam. We can tie him up any time we want, any way we want, for as long
as we want. In this case, we are going to let you decide when to free him.
So Julie, it's up to you."_

_"Mmmmmmmpffff," I tried to say meaning that I didn't approve, but of
course, they all just laughed and ignored me. A bound and gagged man doesn't
have much influence I had already discovered over and over again._

_Shortly after that my father and step-mother arrived. Ruth just looked
at me and shook her head. My father chatted with Julie and assurred her
that he thought it was great that she had agreed to stay with me while
they were out. He hoped she would be with me a lot as he had heard only
good things about her. Then they were gone._

_Julie sat down next to me on the couch. She explained how her parents
had taken her to my Aunt's and how they had told her some time ago about
how much I liked being tied up. Julie thought it was wonderful. On their
next visit, my aunt and Derek showed Julie the pictures my aunt had taken
of me in bondage. Julie was, apparently, thoroughly delighted and quickly
said that some day she would like to actually see me tied up - spend some
time with me when I was trussed up and gagged.. That's when my aunt and
Derek told my parents, and they cooked up the babbysitting idea. So Julie
wasn't really shocked when she walked into the room and saw me bound and
gagged. In fact, as it turned out, she would have been disappointed if
I hadn't been tied up._

_Julie went on talking to me about things at school - this is her senior
year - about mutual friends, gossip about her girlfriends, and so on. It
was as if she was used to being with someone who was bound - like she did
it every day. We watched television, and at one point she said, "Boy, Sam,
for once you are listening to me when I talk to you. Usually you don't
listen very well. I guess when I want to talk to you, I'll just have to
tie you up and put that gag in your mouth. Would you let me do that."_

_Needless to say, I nodded agreement quickly._

_As we watched the next program on television, Julie put her hand on
my leg where the rope held my upper legs together. Slowly she moved her
hand up until it rested on the "bulge" in my swim suit. As her fingers
touched me there, my penis jumped to attention and strained against the
lycra._

_"It's trapped in there isn't it?" she smiled. "I don't think we should
let it out."_

_I was embarrassed, but hot at the same time. "Mmmmmpffff" I tried to
say into the gag. I hoped she would remove the gag, and she got the idea._

_"Take off the gag? I don't think so," she laughed. "We don't want you
talking me into doing anything that I shouldn't. I think you're just fine
the way you are."_

_Her hand continued to play with the bulge in my swimsuit, driving me
crazy. Finally, she leaned against me, and her hand just cupped my crotch.
She dozed off, and I did too eventually._

_At a little after midnight, Aunt Helen and Derek returned (my parents
had gone for the drive back to their home) and found us together on the
couch. Julie was asleep, but I woke with the sounds of them entering the
house. Julie's hand was still on my swimsuit._

_Julie woke, and quickly pulled her hand away. Aunt Helen smiled. "Well
Julie," she said. "I see Sam is still tied up. When do you want us to untie
him?_

_"Well" Julie started, still a little sleepy, "Could I come back tomorrow
morning and untie him?"_

_"Sure," said Derek. "No problem at all."_

_"Mmmmmpppppfpppp mmmjmm mmmmmmpppp," I groaned into the gag wanting
to be untied then. More than anything I wanted to be untied so I could
talk to Julie - sit with her, maybe take her home._

_"Does he really want to be untied now?" asked Julie._

_"Probably," smiled my aunt. "But we ignore all of that. I'll truss him
up good for the night and put him to bed. He'll be ready for you whenever
you come around tomorrow." I tried protesting into the gag again, but they
ignored me._

_"I'd like to see him ready for bed," Julie said._

_"Sure," Derek smiled. He untied me from the couch, took me to the bathroom,
and then into my bedroom where he hog-tied me tightly on my bed. Julie
came in and inspected me, checking the rope and the gag. Then she kissed
me on the forehead ignornig my protests.  Finally she left and Derek
drove her home._

_I spent the rest of the night exactly that way._

_In the morning, Derek took me to the bathroom again, then hog-tied me
on the den floor. Julie showed up around 10:30._

_"I suppose I have to untie you sooner or later," she said. "But it is
really nice looking at you this way. You're so quiet, and you listen and
watch me. I like that. You have no idea how much I like you even more than
before, knowing that you like being tied up."_

_Slowly, she untied me, leaving the gag for last. When I was free, we
chatted for a long time. Julie assured me that she had no problem at all
with me liking to be tied up, and that she would like to tie me up sometime
too. Then we decided to have lunch and go to a movie that afternoon. All
in all it had been a great two day weekend._

_Sam_

_Chapter 16 October
10, 2000_

_To My Diary,_

_My girlfriend, Julie, has apparently known about my love of bondage
for quite some time, although she never said anything to me any of the
times we were together. Now she has seen me tied up, and actually made
me spend that night bound and gagged. She and I set a date for her to tie
me up - last Saturday. My aunt agreed, and we decided that she would do
it in the den. A few days before that my parents showed up. My father sat
me down and said he wanted to have a serious talk._

_"Sam, we know that you enjoy bondage and so far things have gone fairly
well with me or your aunt and Derek tying you up now and then. We don't
know if you will out-grow this or not, but it seems generally harmless
enough although a bit unusual. But bondage is usually linked to sex with
most people. And it appears that now Julie is in the picture and that Saturday
she'll tie you up and maybe again after that. We can't watch you all the
time. We are concerned that you and Julie might get carried away, and we
have decided to do something to guarantee that your relationship is Platonic
right now. I know you're not a virgin, but we don't want anything to go
wrong with Julie and you when you're alone and when you're tied up."_

_I didn't understand "Platonic," I explained._

_"No sex," said my father bluntly._

_"You don't need to worry," I explained._

_"I know we don't," my step-mother explained. "We want you to pull down
your pants and shorts as your father has something for you."_

_I stood and pulled down my pants and jockey shorts. My father opened
a box and pulled out some plastic rings and things. He took the largest
ring, and held it by my testicles, slipping first one ball through, then
the other, and then with some effort, he pushed my penis through the ring
and slid the ring right up next to my body. It felt fairly tight. Next
came a plastic cage-like thing that slid over my penis, and attached to
the ring next to my body._

_"It's a male chastity device," explained my step-mother. "We found it
on the internet. ( http://www.cb-2000.com ) We think it's the best on the
market and you can wear it all the time. Even if you have to go through
metal detectors at an airport. And it's safe in the shower."_

_My father secured the plastic pieces together, and then brought out
a small padlock. He put on the lock._

_"See if you can get that off," he said._

_I worked with the device, but it was on to stay. "I don't think I like
this," I said._

_"That's too bad," said my father. "It's an insurance policy. Now you
two can play all you want, and you can't get into trouble. I know she's
going to tie you up Saturday. I hope you enjoy it."_

_"But what if I get a hard on?" I complained._

_"The device will stop that and if you try, you'll be very uncomfortable.
Your poor little penis is in prison, Sam, and it's going to be there for
probably a long time. Get used to it. Oh' and you'll probably want to wear
a jockstrap all the time to hold it comfortably in place so that it doesn't
pull down on  you," advised my father._

_I decided that protest was not going to work, so I went to my room and
switched from the jockey shorts to the jockstrap. The device made it bulge
in odd ways, but under my pants it didn't show. I went to the bathroom
and found I could easily pee through the end of the device. So, even when
I wasn't tied up, my cock and balls were in bondage._

_On Saturday Julie showed up, and we all talked for a while. My father,
who had stayed over for a couple of days, wished Julie luck getting me
tied up and keeping me that way. "Don't let him get free until you want
him free," he laughed._

_"You don't need to worry," she said with a cheerful smile. "I know what
I'm doing."_

_We went into the den where my aunt had laid out my bondage toys._

_"How do you want me dressed?" I asked._

_"As little as possible," she smiled._

_"I'm wearing a jockstrap," I said. "Would that be okay?"_

_"Sure," she said with a smile. "I would like to see you in a jockstrap."_

_So I undressed, carefully putting my clothes to the side on a chair.
Then I stood there in my jock with Julie looking at me._

_"You look really handsome," she said. "You really turn me on. But the
pouch of the jock looks funny. Is that only you in there?"_

_I blushed. "My step-mother and father have locked a chastity device
on me so that I can't have sex," I explained. "They don't trust me around
you, especially when I'm tied up. They say that bondage and sex go hand
in hand, and that we might get carried away._

_"If I tie you up the way I want," said Julie, "there's no chance that
you'll have sex with anyone. But the device is probably a good idea, however.
Let me see it."_

_I was almost naked anyway, so I figured why not. I pulled down the jock,
and Julie took a good look at the chastity device. She laughed. "Looks
good to me. I don't think you can get out of that until they remove the
lock. Okay, let's tie you up good."_

_She tied my wrists to my ankles, so that I sat leaning forward. Then
she tied my big toes together. It was quite simple, really. She took tape
and taped my hands to my feet, so that I couldn't move my fingers. Finally,
she put the red ball gag into my mouth._

_"There," she said. "Now, I have school work to do, so I won't bother
you."_

_Julie sat on the couch with her book. I squirmed around on the floor
and found that I could not escape. She looked up at me and watched me now
and then, but mostly concentrated on her work. My step-mother came in to
see how Julie had tied me, but didn't comment, and left. Dad came in later
and looked too, so did Aunt Helen and Derek. And so I spent most of the
day that way._

_As always, I enjoyed being tied up, and I squirmed around while Julie
read and did her school work. Part of the time she sat with me, and felt
me here and there and talked to me like she had when she was my "baby-sitter."
Then she untied me, and we talked some more. Then she said she wanted to
tie me up again soon. Then we went out to a movie and dinner. It sure felt
different walking around with that thing locked into my cock and balls._

_I hope Julie will tie me up again sometime. It's a lot more fun and
exciting than when my father or my aunt does it. I think I like Julie more
all the time._

_Sam_

_**[Sam's
Diary continues in part seventeen](sams_diary08.html)**

09.06.02

story continues in [**Sam's Diary 17,18&19**](sams_diary08.html)

o0o
