---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Ensign's Fantasies 18
authors:
- Cindy
tags:
- M-f
- cuffs
- bond
- hogtie
- bfold
- gag
- toys
- insert
- rom
- oral
- anal
- sex
- denial
- climax
- vr
- fantasy
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**An Ensign's Fantasies 17**](ensigns_fantasies17.html))_

_**Part 18**_

_The following narrative is that of a retired Starfleet commander. Though many of the narrated details did actually occur all names are fictitious and locales and dates are changed to prevent individual identification.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------_

_I woke as soon as I felt Joe stirring beside me. I was still in a hogtie as I had been for the whole night. I could feel my legs being released but then I was shifted to lie on my stomach. I was sure of what was coming when my legs were pushed apart. I actually liked being bound helpless and forced to take a cock in my ass. The feel of his erection going in and out of me was pleasant and I thought I wouldn’t mind having that every morning. I was happy to please him even though I didn’t reach an orgasm. I was still too close to being asleep and I had some aches for having slept the night hogtied._

_Joe rested on top of me for a few minutes until his erection subsided. He got up and released the rest of my bonds. We both went off to our own refreshers. I took a leisurely shower while Joe finished before me and went down to start coffee. Joe had a cup ready for me when I went downstairs. I thought he was such a thoughtful man. I could definitely stand to live with him. The night ahead would be our last night together before I went home. Such thoughts didn’t make me very happy. During breakfast Joe asked what was wrong._

_I answered, “I’m just wondering what Steve wants to talk to me about this morning.”, though I suspected it had to do with staying away from Joe._

_“It might be about the Dancing Girl recording. Knowing Steve, she might have a marketing strategy for it.”_

_I suspected it was more likely that I would be warned off from Joe. I didn’t know that it mattered. My total future with Joe might end in the next day. We had no plans past my flight home the next day. In any case Joe drove us to his workplace. At the entrance I received a badge from security and was directed to Steve’s office. She greeted me warmly enough and I accepted her offer of coffee._

_As I sat and took a sip of my coffee, Steve said, “I’d like to offer you a job.”_

_I swallowed a too hot sip of coffee and sputtered, “What?”_

_“I want you to join our company security.”_

_“You can’t hire me. You know what my background is.”_

_“I’ve got your background here.”_

_She handed me a folder with my name on it. In it I found my personal history. I saw it covered my life from my birth through my job after university. There it strayed away. Instead of being fired, it stated I had resigned to take up with a friend (Jerry) to open and operate a dance studio. The dance studio had failed when Jerry left town with all the funds he could gather. Additionally there was correspondence from my boss stating the company had been dismayed that I left and would eagerly accept my return. I had to wonder who twisted his arm to get such a recommendation._

_“You know this is fake. You must know I’ve worked as a prostitute for almost four years.”_

_“I know you were a slave under someone else’s control.”_

_“Regardless of why, I was a whore. How could I ever fit in?”_

_“I’d appreciate it if you’d give me half an hour to convince you.”_

_I agreed to allow her the time. She did some keying at her computer and then sat back. In a few minutes, other women joined us. They greeted both Steve and myself but just took seats and remained quiet. The last one to join us was Maggie. As she closed the door behind her, she asked, “What’s up? We’re having a meeting of the old whores club? Oops! Sorry. Didn’t see you Janet.”_

_“You got it. I offered Janet a position on our security team. She declined the offer. Janet please believe me. Everyone here is in sympathy with you. Would you please explain why you declined my offer?”_

_“My background. I’ve been a prostitute for years.”_

_Steve added, “What she didn’t mention was why she was a prostitute. Some of you know about a project we had with the federal prisons. We developed a collar to control prisoners. The feds declined to implement it. But at least one of the collars got out. Janet was trapped in it until George and Harry got it off for her just a few weeks ago.”_

_I heard some angry remarks as well as sympathetic responses. A number of hands reached my shoulder._

_Steve continued, “I’d like Janet to know what kinds of lowlifes I’m asking her to work with. I’ll start. I made my way through university for both my bachelor’s and my MBA with a sugar daddy. He kept me in a condo in the city. He was pretty easy on me. He insisted my studies were primary. I was essentially a maid with benefits. I was responsible for keeping up the condo. I had to prepare for any dinners or parties he or his wife threw. Sometimes I had to arrange for caterers. Otherwise I kept groceries and liquors stocked. Sometimes he and his wife would stay over after a party or show. Then I was expected to take care of laundry and dry cleaning. Once in a while, daddy stayed over after working late. Many of those nights he invited me into his bed. Fortunately he paid my medical bills which took care of my birth control meds. Anybody else care to add their story.”_

_“I worked as a call girl. It provided a living and paid my way through graduation.”_

_“You had it easy! I was a pole dancer. It didn’t pay that much so I had to make up the rest on my back.”_

_“I was a stripper usually. But I had to do lap dances. When the guy got generous enough I’d let his hands roam. I still had to work outside to make ends meet.”_

_“I spent a lot of time in the next door fraternity. They paid well.”_

_Several others related similar activities. Steve asked for a show of hands for allowing me into the old whores club._

_“Well it looks like that’s unanimous. Except for Janet. But sweetheart, think of working in the same building as Joe. Every day. Maybe you’d like to hear Joe’s opinion.”_

_I just nodded._

_“Maggie, will you show Janet the way to the labs where Joe is,”_

_‘Sure. Come on hon. I think Joe might have the magic word to get you to join us.”_

_Maggie took me down a couple of floors by elevator and then down a hall where she pointed out the office Joe was in. Joe was seated at a desk and stood up as I came in._

_“What did Steve want?”_

_“She offered me a job in security.”_

_He came to me and held my arms. “Here? Then you’ll move here from the city? Will you move in with me?”_

_“Would you really want that?”_

_“I want you on any terms you’d like. I’m not good at expressing emotion. You’re the best thing that’s happened to me in a long time. If I can have you for a weekend or for a couple of weeks I’ll take it. But I’d really like forever better.”_

_I gave him a kiss. “That’s all I needed to know. I’ll go back up and let Steve know.”_

_“Why don’t we both go up and tell her?”_

_Back in Steve’s office, she already had paperwork ready for me to sign to begin my new employment on the following Monday. My address was listed as Joe’s place. I signed whatever she put in front of me. There was no way I could pass up the chance to live with Joe. Steve advised I would have to check in Monday morning for a physical and computer biometrics. I assured her I would be in bright and early Monday. In the meantime Joe allowed as he would take the rest of the day off to return after he took me to the airport._

_Outside Joe said he wanted to take me to lunch. Of course I agreed to go anywhere he wanted. We had a leisurely lunch and planned for him to join me Thursday in the city to help me settle what had to be done to leave. I figured everything could be covered in just a few days. After lunch we went to a scenic park and walked about for a while._

_Later in the afternoon, Joe suggested we could go to a spot he knew for drinks, dinner and dancing. I agreed I‘d like that and we drove a bit further to get there. Joe ordered drinks, asking for a white wine for me. I wanted a good drink and asked for a sloe gin fizz, a drink I remembered from university days. The waiter took the order and left._

_“I didn’t think you drank anything but wine.”_

_“I always drank wine because it didn’t affect me like hard liquor. I didn’t want to lose control.”_

_“And now you don’t care?”_

_“Being with you I don’t have any worries.”_

_“So with a couple of drinks I could have my way with you?”_

_“Sure, but I’ll be ready for you before I have a drink.”_

_“So I can do anything I want with you?”_

_“Anything that’s not too painful.”_

_“How about if I keep you in bondage all night tonight while I do whatever I please with your body?”_

_“I’d like that. You do understand I enjoy bondage. I’d love to be your helpless sex toy all night.”_

_“I hope you’ll still love it tomorrow morning.”_

_We ordered our dinner, light for me. My mind was more on the night ahead than what I ate. By the time we got to the house, I could feel my panties were wet. In the sitting room Joe dragged in a large hassock. He had me take off my jacket and kneel on the hassock. He raised a pair of metal stands and strapped my wrists and forearms to them forcing me down to my hands and knees. My knees were fastened apart to each corner. I was fully immobilized. He blindfolded me and gagged me with a penis gag. My skirt was hiked up and my panties were forced down. I thought I was in the perfect position for doggy style. I was a little disappointed when I felt a vibrating egg pushed in my puss and a vibrating butt plug up my ass. My panties were pulled up and my skirt was let down._

_I heard, “You do understand this is your condition through the night. It’s about 12 hours till we need to get ready to go to the airport.”_

_He placed ear plugs in my ears, apparently a double set. The only thing I could hear was my own pulse. I was in almost full isolation. What I was most aware of were the vibrators doing their tantalizing dance inside me. My bonds, my gag and blindfold, and my earplugs fully separated me from my usual world. I had just what I wanted; totally helpless, in isolation, forced to accept penetration, and subject to the whims of my captor. I loved it but I had to wonder if I could handle all of it for 12 hours._

_I don’t know how long I endured that situation with the vibrators keeping me aroused but just not enough to take me over the edge. It felt like hours before I felt my gag removed. Before I could speak I felt a cock at my mouth and I opened wide for it. I was surprised by a strange taste. It took a moment to realize it was chocolate. What a way to give a girl candy! The head of his cock was covered with a chocolate syrup. I licked it all off before he started pumping into my throat. In just a moment or so a spurt of cum went down my throat but further spurts filed my mouth and I was forced to swallow. I used my tongue to lick and clean him until his erection subsided. My gag was replaced and I was left to wait for whatever he wanted to do next._

_I sensed he had returned near my head. I felt his arms around me and he unbuttoned my top. It was pulled up to bare my back and my bra was unclipped. He reached around me again and pushed my bra up off my boobs. He gently fondled my boobs and used his fingers to gently pull on my nipples. My nipples were so erect they ached but it was all so lovely I thought I’d like it go on forever. When he did stop I was quite aware of my naked boobs hanging down. I hoped they made a pretty presentation that might attract more attention. I tried to make them jiggle but my arms were so restrained I couldn’t move much._

_I thought of trying to wiggle my bum, but I felt my skirt being pushed up to my waist. Then my panties were pulled down. Now I was as good as naked. Joe touched the backs of my knees then brushed up the inside of my thighs. I loved being touched like that and hoped he would get to my puss. He was so close. I felt him kiss my ass, first to one side then the other. Then he bit me. It didn’t hurt so much as shocked me. It took me a moment to realize he had his fingers in my puss. Apparently the vibrator in there was further in than I realized as his fingers seemed to be free to move all around. If he kept playing in me I was likely to reach an orgasm. Just being bound helpless and half naked was already making me horny. Just a little more time should be enough._

_Of course I was disappointed when he took his fingers out. But then pussy was joyously happy when he kissed her. That was the most magic kiss. When his tongue began caressing my lips pussy was ready to open wide and let the world in. In a bit his tongue forced its way in and massaged my lips. He used his tongue inside me for a while. I knew the orgasm was coming. When his tongue moved out to lick my clit, all the fuses blew. My pussy tried to turn herself inside out. Her joy suffused my whole body storming through from head to toe._

_I came to, confused at first, not knowing where I was and not understanding why I couldn’t move. It took a minute to recall I was kneeling on a hassock where Joe had bound me to spend the night. I could feel air on my boobs and ass and I recalled my clothes being undone. I could feel my juices drying on my legs and I recalled Joe using his mouth on my puss and clit. I had no true sense of the time but I suspected Joe had gone to bed leaving me in my predicament for the rest of the night. I was eager to be in bondage all night when he first proposed it but I would rather have slept with him. I had nothing to complain about. Nothing he had done was less than I enjoyed. I liked being bound on all fours, with my bare boobs hanging down under me and my bare butt hanging out. I liked being gagged though I liked having to swallow his cum more. The way he had undone my clothes was nice. Even the butt plug stuffed in me was enjoyable especially accompanied by the vibrator in my puss. And it was awesome when he used his tongue in my puss. Now I just had to wait for morning and hope my wait might be rewarded with one of my holes being reamed._

_I was aroused by a touch at my ass. I felt my butt plug being removed. It was replaced by a lovely stiff cock. I was happy to feel it slipping in and out. I was horny from being bound helpless and half naked with the vibrators churning in me all night. It only took a short time for an orgasm to light up my insides. And then Joe provided me with a good shot of cum in my ass. When his erection subsided and slipped out he undid my bondage. Seeing him still dressed from the night before I had to ask what time it was. It was just late evening and I hadn’t been left all night. Joe confessed he wanted me to sleep with him since we would be separated the next couple of nights. We retired to the bedroom and I took a quick hot shower before joining him in bed. He pulled me to him to rest my head on his shoulder and I fell asleep thinking life was perfect._

_](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=40.0)_

_17.05.16_

_story continues in [**An Ensign's Fantasies 19**](ensigns_fantasies19.html)

o0o
