---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Are All The Good Ones Gone?
authors:
- MasterKGray
tags:
- M-f
- fpov
- D-s
- oral
- public
- restaurant
- squirt
- collar
- slave
- cons
- X
date: 2022-03-01 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 1 – Pre-Birthday Dinner

A very frustrated Hannah had just finished talking to her overbearing mother about her love life. She was going to turn 35 this weekend but was still unattached. Her mother had been pressuring her every year since she turned 30 to settle down and have a family. She had told her mother it wasn’t that easy to just get married and have children, she hadn’t found the right man yet. As she thought about it, Hannah remembered back to a time when she had plenty of opportunities but had not been ready to settle down. Now there didn’t seem to be any men that were interested in her and she felt like all the good ones were gone. Either they had settled down themselves or moved away.

Hannah planned to go out on Saturday night with her friends and party for her birthday, which was actually on Sunday. She would recuperate Sunday morning and then go visit her parents for the usual cake and ice cream celebration along with her brother and his family. It was a tradition in their family and she would receive some nice gifts and then go home and probably slink off to bed and have a good cry before falling asleep. She wondered at this point in her life if any man would want her.

Sure, Hannah was still attractive, though of average height she had womanly curves that she hid probably too well underneath her conservative clothing. Her pretty face was framed by lovely brown curls and her sparkling blue eyes were quite attractive as well. Her lips were a bit plump but not grotesquely so, making her overall appearance quite pleasant. But Hannah was quiet, not bubbly and vivacious like many of her friends. She liked quiet nights at home, reading books or articles on the internet. She watched TV occasionally but loved to read almost anything that interested her. She had quite a collection of classic novels, the ones you had to read for literature courses. The writing and the stories intrigued her, transported her to faraway places and allowed her fantasize about living a life portrayed in the incredible tales.

As she was leaving work on Friday the Vice President of Finance, Neil Daniels called out to her. Hannah was surprised he even knew her name. She didn’t work for him or anywhere near his area. She was on the opposite side of the building in Human Resources and though she knew who he was and how much money he made, she didn’t really know him personally.

“Have any plans for the weekend, Hannah?” Neil asked.

“Um, actually I am going out on Saturday night with my friends and then to my parents on Sunday for my birthday,” Hannah replied.

“Oh – Happy Birthday! Sounds like a fun weekend, maybe some other time,” he said and held the door for her as they left the building, walking beside her toward the parking lot. As they reached the parking lot Neil started to turn toward his car as Hannah headed towards hers when he stopped and hesitated, raised his hand as if to say something, then turned back toward his car.

Hannah noticed but kept going when he turned away and got into her car and started the engine. Suddenly Neil was right there beside her car and he tapped on her window. Startled at first, but then blushing when she realized it was Neil, she rolled down her window.

“What are you doing tonight, Hannah?” Neil asked.

“Probably just go home and relax, read some more of my book,” she answered.

“Could I come by around 7 and take you out to dinner at least?”

 “ – Sure,” Hannah said as she hurriedly wrote down her address and apartment number on a piece of paper and handed it to Neil.

“Great, I’ll pick you up at 7!” he said and strode confidently away from her car, back to his own.

Hannah put her car in drive and immediately drove away, waving to Neil as she drove past him, he was climbing into his pickup truck. She thought about how handsome he was and knew that he had just turned 40, it was in his personnel records. She had recently adjusted his salary rate, they had given him a substantial raise. She couldn’t help but notice, he was a handsome man with brown wavy hair that was beginning to turn gray on the sides. He had the most captivating gray eyes and was tall and slim, seeming to be in good shape and Hannah couldn’t help but wonder what he did to keep himself fit and attractive.

She almost drove past her turn down the road to her apartment complex, she was so lost in thought. She pulled up in her assigned parking space just outside her apartment, quickly grabbed her purse and locked her car before rushing into her apartment. She looked at the time on the clock which said it was just past 5:30, she had plenty of time to shower, wash and dry her hair, do her makeup and get dressed. She wondered where he would take her and how much she should dress up. She didn’t have his number so she couldn’t call him to ask.

Hannah quickly stripped out of her work clothes, leaving a trail of clothing scattered across the floor as she reached her closet and started looking for something to wear tonight. Her heart was racing and her breathing was quick as she thought about Neil. He started working for the company over a year ago, and at his age, she had assumed he was married. She barely ever saw him at work and sometimes would see him when he entered or exited the building, but that was rare. As she stood there contemplating she looked down and noticed her naked nipples were hard as little pebbles. She gasped as she realized her nether region was also warm with arousal and reached down to feel the moisture forming between her legs. *Get a hold of yourself girl, it’s just a date.* But it was the first time she’d been asked out in years.

She abandoned her search for clothing and rushed into the shower, quickly washing her body before washing and conditioning her lovely soft curls. She exited the shower and dried off with a big fluffy towel, wrapping her hair in another towel and she hurried off to select what she would wear. Suddenly her cell phone rang and Hannah rolled her eyes, probably her mother again, reminding her to come over on Sunday. She didn’t recognize the number but answered anyway.

“Hello?”

“Hello Hannah, I would like for you to wear that lovely blue dress you wore to the Christmas party, it brings out the pretty blue in your eyes,” Neil said, shocking her. How did he get her number? She stood there dumbfounded for a moment. “Hannah?”

“Um, yeah sure, OK Neil, I’ll see you soon,” she said as she pressed the off button for the call and plopped down on her bed.

What the hell just happened? Did he just tell her what to wear? Or was he just suggesting because he really liked it and he was taking her somewhere fancy and expensive? But again, how did he get her number? This made her feel a little uneasy, but also heightened her excitement. *Oh god, what have I gotten myself into? And why am I more excited than I can ever remember before a date?* Hannah couldn’t answer those questions right now but she looked at the clock and realized it was almost 6:30. She needed to hurry. She quickly dressed in the same sexy lingerie and blue dress with the six inch high heels. They were hard to walk in, but oh so sexy! She quickly changed her things over from her regular purse to the matching purse she bought for the dress.

She sat down at her makeup mirror and started applying it as quickly as she could without making a mistake or a mess. She remembered she had put on her makeup a little heavier that night, so she did it the same way again. *Damn I look good!* She said to herself as she added the finishing touches. She unwrapped the towel and shook out her hair as her curls cascaded down onto her shoulders. She quickly grabbed the blow dryer and brush and began drying her hair. It seemed to take forever and she thought she was going to be late, but she finished just a couple of minutes before 7. She stood and gave herself a once over to make sure everything looked just right, grabbing her best pendant necklace and quickly putting it on. She scooped up her purse and headed for the door.

Just as she arrived at the door, the buzzer rang to let her know someone was at the entrance downstairs. She checked the camera and it was Neil. She buzzed him in and opened her apartment door just as he arrived, locking it behind her and dropping her keys in her purse. Hannah turned and smiled up at him.

“Excellent, I like a girl who is on time. You look beautiful,” Neil commented.

“Um, thanks,” Hannah said, then looked up at him again and asked, “How did you get my number?”

“You gave it to me at the Christmas party.”

“I did?”

“Yes, but you were probably too drunk to remember. I helped you outside and called an Uber for you. You gave me your keys and I drove your car home, following along behind. Then had the Uber bring me back to the party so I could get my truck and drive home. You probably don’t remember any of that and you slipped me your number on a piece of paper before you went into your apartment, you even kissed me on the cheek.”

“Oh god, I don’t remember any of that, but thanks for looking out for me. I’ve never gotten that drunk before, I don’t know what happened.”

“I do.”

“You do?”

“Yes, I saw Dan from marketing slip something in your drink. You had already drunk half of it before I got to you. I told Dan to leave you alone and when he wouldn’t we had security escort him out. That’s why he no longer works for the company.”

“Oh my god, I had no idea! I just thought they were using stronger liquor than I was used to.”

“No, we took the drink and had it analyzed, he used a very potent drug, you would have passed out for hours if you had finished it. I’m sure his intentions were not good.”

“I should say not. Thank you for watching out for me,” Hannah smiled up at him. Suddenly she grabbed his arm and hugged it, the realization of what might have happened if he hadn’t stopped it, hitting her. She was incredibly grateful. They arrived at his truck and he opened the door for her. She climbed up in the cab with some difficulty in her super high heels, but somehow she managed. Neil closed the door and came around climbing in and starting up the engine driving off to wherever he was taking her for dinner. She noticed he had on a suit and tie and looked very handsome and distinguished.

“Where are we going?” Hannah asked.

“The Riviera,” Neil replied.

“Oh my, very fancy, I’ve never eaten there, too expensive.”

“I can afford it.”

“I know you can,” she said and he looked over at her in surprise.

“How would you know that?”

“I entered your pay raise into the system a month ago.”

“Oh yeah, I keep forgetting you work in Human Resources.”

They rode on in silence as Neil maneuvered the truck through traffic. Soon they arrived at the Riviera and Hannah was impressed. The place was beautiful, overlooking the lake and the sunset was gleaming off of the water.

“Are you really hungry or would you like to walk down onto the pier?” Neil asked.

“A walk would be nice, but not in these shoes,” Hannah noted dejectedly.

“Oh, maybe these would help,” he said, pulling out a pair of women’s sneakers from behind his seat.

“Hey, those are my walking shoes, I couldn’t find them.”

“Right you are, I pulled them out of your car to give to you, but you were so out of it I forgot and left them on the hood. When I came back out and saw them I couldn’t just leave your shoes there, so I put them behind my seat in the truck. I’ve been meaning to give them back to you, but never drew up the courage to ask you out, until now.”

“You mean you’ve had my shoes for almost 6 months now?”

“Yes, I’m afraid I have.”

“I went and bought a new pair, thought I lost them somewhere.”

“May I?” Neil asked, opening the tailgate on the truck and lifting Hannah onto it, her legs dangling off the edge.

“Um, sure, I guess,” she said and he unbuckled her high heels, carefully setting them inside the truck then slipping on her sneakers and tying them perfectly, not too tight, not too loose. “Thanks,” she murmured, still surprised by the events that had transpired and now Neil being such a gentleman.

Neil helped her down off the tailgate and closed it. He held out his arm and Hannah took it, clasping both hands around his muscular arm. They walked down to the end of the pier and stood looking out over the water as the sunset changed to ever darkening hues of orange, then red, then pink and blue as the clouds looked almost like cotton candy. It was beautiful and she knew he couldn’t have scripted it, but it seemed so perfect. She looked up at him and smiled, feeling happy and safe with him.

“I’m going to let you in on a little secret, Hannah, but you have to promise not to tell anyone,” Neil said, taking her hands in his and facing her. Hannah let out a little giggle at the thought of keeping a secret for him, she already felt she could trust him and was glad he felt he could trust her.

“OK, what is it?” she asked.

“Do you know what BDSM is?” he asked and Hannah gasped. Neil’s brow furrowed in concern at her reaction, fearing the worst.

“Yes Neil, I do know about it, though I’ve never been in that kind of relationship.”

“I have but they didn’t last long, it’s why I’m not married. I’ve had plenty of girlfriends, but once I bring it up they look at me like I’m some sort of freak and run away. That’s why I’m bringing it up before we even start, I want to know if you’re OK with it or not. Do you still want to go to dinner or should I take you home now?”

“No, don’t take me home, take me to dinner and we can discuss this further, I’m intrigued,” she said and his face lit up as he led her back down the pier to his truck, quickly changing her shoes back to the beautiful heels and then proceeded to lead her into the expensive restaurant on his arm.

Neil gave the host a bill whose denomination Hannah could not see and they were quickly led to a very secluded table for two. Neil swiftly pulled out the chair for her and she sat as smoothly and properly as she knew how. He sat in the chair across the table and looked at her like she had never been looked at before. He wasn’t just looking at her, he was appraising her, staring right through to her soul, like he could see inside of her.

“Thank you, Hannah,” Neil finally spoke, reaching out his hand toward her. She placed her hand in his, it just somehow felt right.

“You’re welcome, Neil.”

“Why?”

“Why, what?”

“Why did you agree to continue or at least discuss this with me?”

“Um, well – I’ve read about it online and have had fantasies about it,” she admitted and his eyes looked more than surprised. At first Hannah was sure he was, but then his eyes narrowed into a smile and beyond, to something more, though she couldn’t put her finger on it.

“So you’re willing to consider having such a relationship with me?”

“Yes,” she said breathily and wondered what she was getting herself into, her body in no turmoil as her pussy convulsed and her nipples hardened at the thought.

“Good girl,” Neil said and Hannah could not suppress the moan that escaped her lips. *Oh god, what was that? Did I just moan like a whore?* His devilish smile told her that she had.

“Thank you, Sir.”

“Very good, I see that you know how this works and how you should address me.”

“Yes Sir, like I said, I’ve read about it, possibly a little too much.”

“Explain.”

“Well, I’ve not only read articles describing the lifestyle, but also have many stories favorited on Literotica. I have fantasized about being in some of those stories.”

“Really?” Neil questioned and Hannah nodded her head. “What’s your nick on Lit?”

“It’s CuriousHannahCut.”

“Interesting, Miss Cutler,” he grinned, using her full last name. “Mine is Neil\_Dom\_Dan.”

“Also interesting Mr. Daniels,” Hannah giggled.

“My god, you are adorable.”

“Why thank you, Sir,” she grinned across the table at him. Just then the waiter approached the table.

“Hello, my name is Pierre, I’ll be your server this evening. Would you like to start with something to drink?” Pierre asked, his accent adding a beautiful lilt to his voice.

“Do you like wine?” Neil asked, looking at Hannah.

“Um, yeah, sure,” she said, stumbling over her words and squirming in her seat. *Oh god, why is my naughty pussy on fire?* Neil just grinned at her and discussed a specific very expensive bottle of wine with the waiter as Hannah was lost in thoughts of where this relationship could go. She was very attracted to Neil and his gentlemanly behavior coupled with his desire for a BDSM relationship had lit a fire inside of Hannah. *Could he be the one? Oh god, don’t think like that, it’s too early to tell yet. But still, he is quite handsome and a gentleman, plus he’s got money,* she thought as the waiter left and Neil said something to her, but she didn’t hear him.

“Earth to Hannah,” Neil joked.

“Huh, oh sorry,” she apologized, looking into his intriguing eyes.

“I asked what kind of food you like.”

“Oh, I don’t know, I’m not overly fussy.”

“Do you like seafood?”

“Some, yes, but don’t waste your money on lobster, it’s OK, but I’m not a big fan. I love shrimp though.”

“Perfect,” was all he said as Pierre returned to the table with the bottle of wine. He poured a measured amount into two goblets and set them on the table, leaving the bottle for refills.

“And have you decided what to order, Monsieur?” he asked.

“Yes, for the lady, she will have the Shrimp Scampi in that delightful sauce over a bed of linguini please,” Neil replied.

“Ah excellent choice, I see you have exquisite taste. And for you?”

“Yes, I’ll have the surf and turf, with the filet mignon cooked rare, and the fresh scallops instead of the lobster tail, please.”

“Very lovely choices, may I bring you something else to drink?”

“Yes, I’ll have some Jameson’s Whiskey,” Neil replied and looked at Hannah.

“Um, a margarita please,” Hannah said barely above a whisper. She seemed to be losing all control of herself and it frightened her somewhat, but it also excited her far more than she expected. Neil whispered to Pierre and he rushed off to put in their order and get the drinks. “What was that about?”

“Just making sure they use the good stuff in your drink.”

“The good stuff?”

“Yes, the best liquor, don’t want them being cheap and you getting a sub-par drink.”

“Oh, right,” Hannah responded, wishing she hadn’t questioned and just trusted him. After all he did rescue her from at least certain rape, plus God only knows what else. Her mind wandered to whether she would have liked being a captive to someone like Dan but shook that thought from her mind and tried to focus on Neil. She lifted her wine goblet and drank, it was strong and bitter causing her to make a face.

“Don’t like the wine?”

“Not particularly, it’s very strong and bitter.”

“Yes, it is quite expensive and well-aged. This particular bottle is well over 100 years old.”

“Oh my god, that must have cost you a fortune!”

“It certainly wasn’t cheap.”

“I’m sorry I don’t have the palate for it.”

“It’s alright, as long as you have a penchant for spankings and other such things we will get along fine,” Neil chuckled.

“Speaking of which, do you want me to continue to call you Sir, or am I already in trouble for not doing that?”

“No, you are fine, we haven’t even discussed terms yet, I want to get to know the real Hannah, not the conservatively dressed girl with the beautiful smile that rarely talks or shows emotion. I want to know the real you down deep inside. What turns you on, what gets you wet, what makes you smile, what makes you laugh, even what makes you cry. I want to know everything about you.”

“Thank you Neil, no one’s ever said that to me before.”

“Yes, I’m sure, because no one’s ever tried to Dom you before, to take total control of you and your life.”

“No, of course not.”

“Are you frightened?”

“A little bit.”

“Good.”

“Are you excited?”

“Yes.”

“Are you wet?”

“Oh god – yes.”

“Good girl.”

“Thank you Sir,” Hannah breathed out, nearly moaning.

“I see that you fall into your submissive space quite easily,” Neil noted with an approving nod and smile.

“I – I guess so Sir.”

“Never had anyone try it before and you’ve never sought it out either, am I right?”

“Yes Sir.”

“Well, I have sought it out and I’ve been in a couple of short term bdsm relationships that didn’t last because both women loved submitting sexually but were not true submissives. I think you are.”

“Perhaps Sir, I’m not sure.”

“Are you a virgin?”

“No Sir,” she blushed as she said that, unnecessarily embarrassed.

“Good, but nothing to be embarrassed about. How many partners have you had?”

“Three Sir, um no, four.”

“I must admit I’ve had eleven sexual partners, but I am clean and have not had a sexual relationship for over five years now.”

“Me either Sir, I mean, it’s been six years since I’ve had sex with anyone, and that was a one night stand, I never saw him again. Went and got tested for STDs right away, I am clean, Sir.”

“You keep calling me Sir, but I didn’t ask you to. I like that Hannah, you are making me very excited. Have you ever given a blow job?”

“Yes Sir.”

“Did you like it?”

“Um, not particularly Sir.”

“Ever given one in public?”

“Oh god, no Sir!”

“Calm down, it’s OK, it’s only a question, but I’m guessing you’re wondering whether I might ask you to do that at some point.”

“Yes Sir.”

“And how does that make you feel?”

“Scared, nervous – and excited Sir.”

“Good girl.”

“If I asked you to crawl under the table and give me a nice blow job, would you do it?”

“Ask or command Sir?”

“Would the answer be different?”

“Yes Sir.”

“So if I asked you’d refuse, but if I commanded, you would do it?”

“Yes Sir.”

“Interesting, hmmm.”

“How so Sir?”

“So you’re not a slut, just a submissive.”

“Yes and no. I am not a natural slut, I have never had an orgasm during sex. But I am extremely attracted to Dominant men. When commanded I believe I would turn into whatever you wished Sir, including a raging hormonal slut. It’s why I’m so wet right now just thinking about it.”

“Incredible!” Neil exclaimed his mouth gaping open at her words but then the corners of his mouth turned into an almost evil looking grin. Hannah’s breath quickened as she could see the Dominance in his eyes and it thrilled her to her very core.

“Thank you Sir,” she said breathily, suddenly realizing her breasts were practically heaving in the somewhat revealing dress.

“Yes, I think you and I are going to get along very well, Hannah, very well indeed.”

“I think you might be right Sir.”

“Ahh, here we are, the Shrimp Scampi for the lovely lady and the Filet Mignon with scallops for you, Sir,” Pierre said as he arrived with their dinners. “Will there be anything else?”

“Not right now Pierre, thank you,” Neil replied and turned his attention back to Hannah. “Go ahead, try the shrimp,” he encouraged her, so she picked up her fork and took a bite of her dinner. “Good, isn’t it?” Neil asked as Hannah chewed.

“Yes Sir.”

“Hannah, you are allowed to say more than Yes Sir or No Sir.”

“Yes Sir, I know, the shrimp is delicious,” she responded and ate another bite of her meal.

“I must say I’m surprised at you. I never expected this to go so well. You are very attractive Hannah, I kept telling myself you wouldn’t even consider something like this. I finally drew up the courage when I found out how old you actually are, I thought you were ten years younger. So I thought you might be desperate enough to consider it.”

“So because I’m older than you thought, I’m automatically desperate Sir?”

“Sorry, that didn’t come out the way I intended.”

“No Sir, I’m sure it didn’t, but I’m flattered that you think I look 25 and not 35.”

“Yes, about that, you know I just turned 40 last month.”

“Yes Sir, I know, I work in Human Resources.”

“Yes, of course, and my age doesn’t bother you?”

“No Sir, why would it? You’re only five years older than me.”

“What about my graying hair and you looking so much younger than me?”

“Your hair makes you look distinguished, I like it Sir. And I don’t look like I’m 25 anymore, even though you were kind enough to say so.”

“Alright then, but I still think you are beautiful and are completely untapped.”

“Untapped, Sir?”

“Oh, I don’t mean you’ve never had sex before, I mean that your true passion and beauty is completely untouched and hidden beneath the surface. You’ve never reached the level of excitement or orgasmic bliss that you are capable of.”

“I’m sure that is true Sir, I’ve only masturbated to orgasm and not that often. In fact, I’m wetter right now than I was during my last session.”

“Good girl.”

“Thank you Sir.”

“I’m going to give you a little test here, but I believe you are going to pass with flying colors. First, I want you to reach up underneath that pretty dress and take off your panties and hand them to me. Second, I want you to stick at least two fingers in your wet pussy and then take them out and show them to me. Third, when that is complete I want you to slide under the table and give me the best blow job you can.”

“Is that an order Sir?”

“Yes, that is an order.”

“Very well Sir,” Hannah responded and reached under the table pulling up the skirt of her dress enough to reach her lacy thong and start pulling it down over her hips. She wriggled and undulated her hips to get the small scrap of cloth off of her and down over her legs and knees, finally able to drop them and they fell to her ankles. Using her foot she lifted the thong and grabbed it, wadding it into her hand and reaching out toward Neil waiting for him to reach out and take them from her. He held out his hand and she dropped them onto it. He smiled very widely then lifted his hand to his face and deeply inhaled her scent.

“Mmmm, you smell divine, please continue.”

“Yes Sir,” she acquiesced and reached under her skirt to easily stuff two fingers into her steaming cunt. She almost reached up with her other hand to pinch her nipple but caught herself and worked her finger in and out of her hole a few times, making a squelching sound as she pleasured herself. She stopped and pulled her fingers out and held them out for Neil to see. He nodded approvingly and then leaned forward and sucked on Hannah’s fingers, tasting her juices.

“Mmmm, and you taste delicious, please continue.”

“Yes Sir,” Hannah obeyed breathily, sliding under the table and kneeling in front of Neil. She reached up and unzipped his pants, she could already see his erection through the thin suit pants he wore. She loved that she was exciting him so much and nearly squealed with delight when his erection popped free of his underwear and she saw his long hard thick shaft. She had given two blow jobs before and had never liked the idea, purposely not giving any effort to make sure that they were horrible so she would not be asked to do it again. This time she almost felt possessed by something deep inside her and she quickly almost ravenously took the head into her inexperienced mouth. *Oh god, what’s come over me, I feel like such a slut, but it feels so right because I’m being His slut, I’m obeying His commands.* The thoughts overwhelmed her and she moaned around his shaft as she pushed it further into her mouth.

“Unngghh,” Neil moaned and Hannah grinned to herself, even though her mouth was full of his raging hard on. She continued until his shaft hit the back of her throat and she gagged a little, then pulled back off his erection, licking it fervently like a delicious lollipop. Indeed the skin was soft and moistened by her saliva, yet it stood straight, strong and erect, seemingly hard as stone. *Oh god, I can’t wait for Him to fuck me with this, it’s beautiful.* As she took the head back into her mouth her fingers scrabbled to find her own squelching need and she sawed her fingers in and out of her dripping slit.

“Hannah,” he said with no response because she was lost in passion. “Stop slut! Look at me!” Neil commanded and Hannah suddenly froze, looking up at him, his cock still part way into her mouth. Her eyes had been focused on his erection or closed in a lust filled haze due to her questing fingers. *Oh no, I must be terrible at this, I’m sorry Sir, I can do better.* “I didn’t say you could pleasure yourself. Focus girl, right now only my pleasure matters, if you succeed, which I’m sure you will, you will be rewarded.” *Oh god, I’ve disappointed Him already,* as she begrudgingly withdrew her fingers from her dripping snatch and continued with her ministrations. Somehow this made her steaming sex burn hotter than ever and what she lacked in skill she made up for with fervor. She forced his shaft to the back of her throat, gagging on it as she licked the underside of his shaft and sucked with the hunger of a starving child at its mother’s teat.

“Ohhh,” Neil moaned and his cock twitched in her mouth. Being inexperienced, Hannah did not realize that he was about to explode into her mouth and she was surprised when he erupted a few seconds later, causing her to gag and sputter around his shaft as his warm sticky seed hit the back of her throat. From what she had read online, Hannah knew that she was not allowed to spit or spill her Dominant’s ejaculate so she swallowed what hit the back of her throat and pulled back, catching the last spurts on her tongue, trying not to cough and gag. She held him there until he finished, then pulled back, his slimy cock springing free of her lips and she opened her mouth to show him the semen on her tongue.

“I thought you said you weren’t experienced,” Neil grinned down at her as she stared up into his Dominant eyes. “Good girl, you may swallow,” he said and Hannah swallowed several times to get the sticky substance down her throat, still looking up at him with submissive lust filled eyes. It was then that she felt a trickle of her juices run down the inside of her left thigh. *Oh god, I’m such a whore! I just gave the best blow job I’ve ever given to a man I barely know. And now I’m on fire like never before!* She’d never been so lubricious that her juices ran down her thighs and she undulated her hips trying to satiate her seemingly overwhelming need.

“You may return to your seat,” he said and Hannah just stared up at him for a moment before crawling backwards and trying to slide gracefully back into her chair. *Oh god, I must look like a disgusting slut!* She thought to herself as she adjusted her dress and pushed her curls away from her face. “You may use the ladies room if you would like, but you may not pleasure yourself,” Neil offered.

“Thank you Sir,” Hannah said and grabbed her purse before scurrying off to the ladies room as quickly and elegantly as she could in her heels. She slipped into a stall and used the toilet, wiping herself clean of her own juices, moaning out loud as she wiped over her overly aroused clit which still protruded from behind its hood.

“Is everything alright in there?” some woman asked from the next stall.

“Um, yes, I’m fine thanks, I’ll be alright,” Hannah responded. *I sure hope He takes me home and helps me take care of this burning fire He’s ignited in me.* She thought to herself. She finished cleaning up and left the stall to wash her hands, looking at her disheveled appearance in the mirror. She quickly pulled out her makeup compact and went to work, fixing her makeup and reapplying her lipstick. Then she brushed out her hair trying to return it to some semblance of order. She suddenly realized that her recently dried pussy was now wet again and she could smell herself in the small room. She paused to double check in the mirror before returning to the table, fairly gliding across the floor to return.

“Welcome back girl, you look stunning,” Neil complimented her and Hannah blushed even further than the flush in her cheeks from her excitement. *What the hell, girl, get hold of yourself, just a few words from Him and you’re about ready to explode!* But she couldn’t deny that it was so much more than the words he spoke, it was the way he said them, with such Dominance and power, the way it made her feel to be dominated in such a fashion.

“Thank you Sir,” Hannah practically moaned.

“Somebody’s excited,” he noted, making an exaggerated sniffing noise and grinning.

“Yes Sir.”

“Would you like to cum?”

“Yes please, Sir.”

“And if I say you are not allowed to cum?”

“Oh god, please Sir, please don’t torture me like this! I need to cum so badly, worse than I’ve ever needed it in my life! But if you say I must wait, then I will wait, because you command it.”

“Good girl.”

“Ooohhhh,” Hannah moaned, his praise adding to her almost overwhelming need.

“Did you just cum?”

“No Sir!”

“Then why did you moan like that?”

“I’m so close Sir, it’s very hard to hold back right now, but I’m under control so far.”

“Hmmm, I suppose if I keep calling you a good girl it might make you cum.”

“Yes Sir.”

“You are a treasure of great worth my sweet Hannah.”

“Thank you Sir.”

“You are mine, aren’t you?”

“Oh god – yes Sir!”

“I’m getting older and can’t cum like I used to, but damn girl, you’ve gone and gotten me all hard again. Did it excite you to fellate me in public?”

“Yes Sir, very much.”

“Why?”

“It was a combination of things Sir. It was being commanded to do something for the very first time, it was the possibility of being caught in the act, it was the humiliation of committing such an act in public, just the whole experience.”

“Good girl.”

“Oh god, please Sir, may I cum?”

“If I told you to cum, could you do it without touching yourself?”

“Possibly Sir.”

“I want you to put your hands where I can see them, hold onto the table girl.”

“Yes Sir,” Hannah agreed and put her hands on the edge of the table, gripping it tightly, the fire between her legs steadily climbing.

 “Do you know how hard you’re making me? Your lovely breasts heaving in that pretty dress, your face flushed, your thighs quivering, your hips undulating and your panting needy breaths. Good god you are beautiful, I think I’ve hit the jackpot with you girl! Now cum for me, cum hard, let me hear it!” Neil ordered and Hannah exploded in orgasm, her fingers turning white as she gripped the side of the table. He jumped out of his seat and kissed her deeply, thrusting his tongue inside her already open mouth to prevent the cries that escaped her lips, instead swallowing them with his kiss. Slowly her climax subsided and he broke the kiss as she panted and moaned softly from the residual orgasm and aftershocks.

“Oh god, thank you Sir, I’ve never cum so hard in my life!” Hannah exclaimed when she had recovered enough to speak. Neil was wearing a wide smile and looking at her approvingly

“All without any physical stimulation, my god girl, you truly are a priceless treasure!”

“Thank you Sir,” Hannah moaned, convulsing with an aftershock. *Oh god, what just happened? He commanded me to cum and I did it – without touching myself! How? Oh god, I’m a whore! Yes, but you’re His whore.* These thoughts only caused her to become excited again.

“Hannah, are you alright?”

“Huh – oh yes Sir, never better!”

“Excellent,” Neil said with a chuckle and still smiling widely. Hannah looked down at her plate and realized she’d eaten very little of it and was now quite famished. She had expended a lot of energy to give him a blow job, which excited her beyond her own understanding, and then had the best orgasm of her life, without any physical stimulation. She grabbed her fork and began to eat quickly. “Hey, slow down girl, you have plenty of time to eat.”

“Yes Sir,” Hannah said as she slowed to a more normal eating pace, she had been quickly taking bites and chewing as fast as she could. She stopped and took a drink of water, then her margarita before digging in again. Neil just smiled and took another bite of his steak, chewing slowly while staring at her. “Is something wrong Sir?” she asked when she looked back at him.

“Quite the contrary my lovely girl, you are absolutely perfect.”

“How so, Sir?”

“You immediately obey my commands, your submissive streak runs very deep, possibly even enough to be a slave,” Neil said and Hannah gulped as she swallowed her bite of food. *Oh god, His slave? Why are my juices making a puddle underneath me at that thought!* She had fantasized about becoming a slave, but the real life truth was far different. *Does that mean I wouldn’t go to work? I’d have to quit my job and live at His home in chains or a cage, wearing a permanent collar? Maybe a brand?* She was lost in those thoughts when Neil finally grabbed her attention again. “… Hannah?!?”

“Oh sorry Sir, I uh…” her words trailing off.

“Yes, lost in thoughts and fantasies I see. You are amazing! I just can’t get over it, and here you were, working in the same company,” he said, shaking his head. “I should have made my move earlier, I’ve had my eye on you since I first met you,” Neil said and Hannah blushed a deep crimson. *Oh god, please take me home and fuck me, tie me to your bed, make me you slave, just fuck me with that big beautiful penis!*

“Thank you Sir,” she said breathily and he chuckled softly.

“Yes, very amazing indeed. It’s hard to believe you’ve never had an orgasm during sex, but I plan to change that tonight Hannah.”

“Thank you Sir.”

“Yes, I hope to make you scream and cry out in your passion, maybe you’ll even squirt.”

“Oh god Sir, please don’t tease me! Please take me home tie me to your bed and fuck me like I’ve never been fucked in my life! Please make me cum like you say, I believe I could for you Sir!”

“I was so right about you Hannah, such an untapped treasure.”

“Thank you Sir.”

“But finish your dinner first dear girl, you’re going to need sustenance for our activities.”

“Yes Sir,” Hannah said, picking up her fork and eating again as Neil grinned and began to eat also. After diligently taking a few bites, she looked at him with lust filled eyes, her need could be detected easily by the way she squirmed in the chair, the pertness of her nipples and the scent of her juices. He had never seen anything more beautiful in his entire life. Here sat this lovely woman whom he had lusted after but because of his predilection to bdsm he had not moved on his feelings. Now she sat across the table from him, squirming in her own juices, aflame with desire, for him!

 “You are absolutely stunning, dear girl!”

“Thank you Sir.”

“Good girl.”

“Oh please Sir.”

“Please Sir what, girl?”

“Please Sir, I am in need beyond anything I could have imagined! May we go now – please?”

“Not yet, finish your dinner.”

“Yes Sir,” Hannah acquiesced and resignedly continued to eat, but his denial of her request only fanned the flames, she audibly moaned just before she took another bite, trying to focus on eating rather than the heat between her thighs, but it was no use, her thoughts were buzzing around, not helping one bit. *Oh god, I’m dripping worse than before, I’m sure my dress must be wet. I never knew it could be like this, why won’t He just take me home and use me? Yet His refusal only made me hotter, geez, maybe He’s right, maybe I am a slave, I’m certainly His submissive at this point. Stop thinking about it, you’re only making your juices run even faster.*

“Hannah, are you alright?”

“Umm, yes and no Sir.”

“Explain.”

“I don’t think I’m ill or anything, but I’ve never been this excited in my entire life. It’s like you’ve turned on the faucet and I can’t turn it off. I’ve never wanted or desired a man like I do you right now. I want to learn it all, I want to be your girl or slave if you wish, but I need to quench my desires, yet you will not allow it. I am beside myself with need, Sir.”

“Such a needy little slut, I love that. Good girl.”

“Oh god Sir, I don’t think I can hold out much longer,” Hannah moaned as she gripped the table like before, holding so tightly her hands were trembling.

“Look at me girl,” he commanded and she almost slipped, but somehow held back and looked into his steely eyes. “I am going to count down from five, when I say the word cum, you may do so, understood?”

“Oh yes Sir, thank you Sir!”

“Five… four… three… two… one… maybe we should wait,” he chuckled and Hannah’s moan of need could be heard at some distance. “Just kidding, cum for me girl, cum hard for me,” he commanded and cum she did, even harder than before, squirting her juices onto the chair, into her dress and dripping onto the floor. When she opened her mouth to cry out he stuffed his napkin into her mouth, muffling her cries of passion as she undulated and squirmed in her chair. He held it there until her orgasm subsided and she opened her eyes to look at him gratefully, her eyes barely focusing, her body spent. She did not spit it out when he pulled his hand away, her Sir or maybe Master had gagged her and she had not been given permission to remove it.

“Is everything alright here Sir?” Pierre asked, coming quickly to the table after the commotion, staring mouth agape at the napkin still stuffed into Hannah’s open mouth, her hands slowly losing grip of the table.

“Yes Pierre, we are fine, thank you. Could you please bring us another round of drinks and one of your finest desserts to share?”

“Oui Monsieur,” Pierre replied and quickly left the table after another quick peek in Hannah’s direction.

“Good girl,” Neil commended her as he pulled the napkin from her mouth.

“Thank you Sir,” Hannah croaked out before taking a drink of water and then of her margarita which was nearly empty.

“I’m going to ask you some questions now, but I need honest answers.”

“Yes of course Sir.”

“Do you like being tied up?”

“I’ve never been, Sir, but the thought excites me.”

“You obviously know how to submit and behave, but what about when you need to be punished. Do you like pain?”

“I don’t think so Sir, but I don’t know.”

“Do you have a problem with being whipped or worse if you are disobedient?”

“No Sir, it’s part of the whole thing as I understand.”

“What if you hate being whipped?”

“Then it will motivate me to do better Sir.”

“And what if you like it?”

“Oh god, I don’t know, I’ve thought about that Sir, the idea certainly excites me, but reality may prove differently.”

“Do you have sensitive nipples?”

“Very Sir – but I do like to pinch and pull at them when I get excited. I’ve imagined what nipple clamps must feel like.”

“Amazing! Here I thought I might have to bring you along slowly, but you seem to know what to expect.”

“Yes Sir.”

“How do you feel about a permanent collar?”

“I have fantasized about it, Sir.”

“What about branding?”

“The same Sir, fantasies.”

“And piercings?”

“Again Sir, if I were to submit to be your slave, my body would belong to you and you could do whatever you wish with it – so yes Sir.”

“Just incredible!”

“Thank you Sir,” Hannah blushed at his words and turned flush as her need began to grow again at the thought of all these things.

“Your dessert, Sir. Would you like coffee with that?” Pierre asked as he returned holding a large chocolate dessert that was topped with melting ice cream.

“Yes please, coffee for me, and you Hannah?” Neil replied.

“Yes, coffee is fine, Sir,” she responded and then looked at him with surprise at her still calling him Sir in the presence of Pierre.

“Oi madam, but you do not need to call me sir,” Pierre said and quickly left to grab the coffee pot and cups.

“Oh god – ,” Hannah gasped.

“Is everything alright?”

“Yes Sir, it made my pussy convulse when I called you Sir in front of our waiter.”

“Good girl,” Neil smiled then chuckled, this was going far better than he ever expected.

“Thank you Sir,” she moaned, her arousal rising again. *What is wrong with me? I’ve turned into a total slut?!?! Yes, but you’re His slut and you obviously love it.* She couldn’t deny that her mind was racing with thoughts of where this might go. Would she end up his slave, naked on her knees, his permanent collar around her neck, his brand on her body, her nipples and clit pierced?

“Earth to Hannah…” he joked again, seeing her mind working overtime her body already squirming again in the chair, the scent of her fresh arousal hung in the air.

“Oh, sorry Sir, I seem to have lost all control of myself, my mind is wandering off into where this might end up.”

“And what are those thoughts, my dear Hannah?”

“Do you want a sub or a slave Sir?”

“I will not answer that until you answer me.”

“Yes, of course, sorry Sir. I was fantasizing about becoming your slave Sir.”

“Is that all?”

“No Sir, I was imagining myself naked on my knees, your permanent collar around my neck, your brand on my body and my nipples and clit pierced.”

“Very interesting and now I will answer your question my dear. I have always wanted a slave, but would have settled for a good submissive. Knowing that you fantasize about being my slave is incredible!”

“Should I call you Master, Sir?”

“You will call me Sir for now, you are not yet a slave. I will test you, but you show all the signs of becoming a wonderful slave.”

“Thank you Sir,” Hannah responded and then moaned.

“You do know that a slave forfeits all rights, she is not allowed to object to anything that is done to her. It is a total power exchange, you would give all control to me.”

“Yes Sir.”

“Very well, we will see if you are up to the challenge.”

“Thank you Sir, I will do my best not to disappoint you.”

“Good girl.”

“Unghh – Thank you Sir.”

They dug into the dessert, Neil alternating bites as he fed Hannah, she loved the symbolism of this act and actually moaned out loud once as they ate. Neil paid Pierre and gave him a generous tip before they left the restaurant. She clung to his arm as they walked out, Hannah’s face aglow with anticipation and a huge smile on Neil’s face. When they arrived at the truck, Hannah surprised Neil by kneeling on the hard asphalt instead of getting into the truck via the door he had just opened for her.

“Sir, is it too early to request your collar?”

“Yes it is, but I love that you are asking already, perhaps later if you’re a good girl.”

“Oh thank you Sir!” Hannah exclaimed and she grabbed his leg, pressing her cheek against the fabric of his pants. Neil helped her up and suddenly wrapped her in a huge hug. Then grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back her face upturned, he practically raped her mouth, forcing his tongue inside her oral cavity and kissing her passionately. She moaned with desire inside his mouth as their lips glided together for several moments, Hannah returning with as much fervor as Neil.

“Mmmm, delicious,” he hummed.

“Oh yes Sir, I concur,” she moaned breathily. Neil then helped her into the truck and they drove away from the restaurant, but not back toward Hannah’s apartment, instead they went down a country road outside of town, then turned into a long driveway that led to a remote house back in the trees, well hidden from the road.

“What do you think?” Neil asked as he backed the truck into the garage.

“Oh Sir, it looks wonderful. The kind of place where you could make a girl disappear without a trace,” Hannah said and then clasped her hand over her mouth, she couldn’t believe what she had just confessed to him.

“It’s alright Hannah, that’s wonderful to know. If we are going to have a relationship, we need honesty like that. I want to make all your fantasies into reality if it’s possible and I enjoy it too. I would love to make you my slave and have you disappear, as you say.”

“Oh my god, Sir, I can hardly believe we are so compatible!”

“Yes, it seems to be a bit of fate or kismet or whatever at work here,” he said as he opened the door and helped her out of the truck and led her by the hand into the house. He led her through, giving her a tour of his lovely home.

“It is beautiful Sir, but what is in the basement?” she asked with a wink and a devilish grin.

“Holy shit girl, could you be any more perfect?!” he exclaimed as he grabbed her around the waist and lifted her off the ground, twirling her around in a circle once, then stopped and she wrapped her legs around his waist, her arms around his broad shoulders, they kissed salaciously. He set her back on her feet after breaking the kiss. “You know you must submit to me down there, forfeit your clothing and temporarily wear my collar.”

“Oh yes Sir, I accept your terms, please may I see?”

“Very well,” he said and led her down the stairs into the basement. As they entered it looked like a normal unfinished basement, but as he turned her toward a large heavy door he stopped. “Strip and kneel for me girl,” he ordered.

“Yes M – Sir,” Hannah moaned as she quickly stripped out of her dress. Neil took it from her and hung it on a hanger near the door. As she stripped off her bra, hose, garter belt and shoes, he took each of these items and hung them as well, her thong still remained in the pocket of his suit jacket. Thankful she had shaved, she knelt with her knees spread fairly wide, her hands behind her neck, her back arched, thrusting her tits upward, her head level and her eyes downcast.

“Hmm, very good, but get those knees wider for me girl and I prefer your wrists crossed in the small of your back,” Neil said and she adjusted to the position he described. “Good girl.”

“Thank you Sir, may I request your collar?”

“Good girl,” he responded as he grabbed the thick leather collar and wrapped it around her neck, buckling it tightly and slipping a padlock through the loop, he locked it on her lovely neck. She reflexively reached up and touched it with her hands feeling it locked upon her.

“Oh thank you Sir.”

“Did I give you permission to break position?”

“No Sir, sorry Sir.”

“5 lashes with the flogger as punishment.”
