---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Julie's Mummification
authors:
- Subgamble
tags:
- FFF/f
- bond
- rope
- susp
- bdsm
- whip
- cane
- torment
- piercing
- brand
- glue
- wrap
- bandages
- resin
- encased
- stuck
- sold
- denial
- climax
- cons/nc
- XXX
date: 2005-02-28 00:00:00
---

Note this story contains scenes of explicit sex and violence.
If stories containing descriptions of explicit sex, torture and sexual
violence offend you go elsewhere and read the comic pages of the paper.
This is complete fantasy and all characters are fictional.

To the reader this story was written for a specific person if you want
to experience the real terror of the victim you will have to put yourself
in her place. I did not do that because the person for whom this
was written would be experiencing the terror of the situation

Julie, Diana and Wanda shared a house. Diana and Wanda had finished
their graduate degrees. Julie was just about to finish her MA in
literature. She was looking forward to having the summer off to rest
and relax before starting her job at a large publishing company in the
same town. Wanda and Diana were fitness nuts. They both worked
as clothes designers having majored in home economics. Diana and
Wanda were knock out beauties. They were hit on all the time by men
wanting their attention. However their interests were not men, but
each other and Julie. When it came to looks, Julie was no slouch
she was beautiful. Just not quite in the class with Wanda and Diana.

The three women also loved bondage, discipline and domination. Often
they would play a game of poker and the loser would be the bondage slave
and victim of the other two for the evening and night. Julie had
a fascination with being wrapped in bondage as a complete mummy.
Wanda and Diana were not interested. The bondage paddling and a little
nipple torture was good enough for them, either giving or receiving.
Occasionally Suzanne would join them for their games. Suzanne had
a master’s degree in Nursing and was lab supervisor at the hospital.
When she joined the games the two losers became the slaves of the other
two.

The three women had a long term lease on the house. They had signed
a ten year lease in order to get a good deal on the rent. They could
do pretty much as they wished with the house. They had the basement
redesigned as a dungeon. It was not a complete dungeon but had enough
devices and implements to inflict a large amount of pain. There was
a cage and a cell, a pillory, St. Andrews Cross, a bondage table, many
rings anchored to the floor and walls and several ropes and chains hanging
from the ceiling.

After the loser(s) had been determined by the poker game, they would
be captured wrists bound behind back and taken to the dungeon. There
they would be punished, forced to serve and be used by the winners in any
way they wished. Then the losers would be uncomfortably bound
and left for the night. The winners would go upstairs to the bedroom
and spend the night making love. The loser(s) were always fixed in
a way that they could not climax and had to spend a very frustrating night.

This Saturday Suzanne joined the three for their poker game. Wanda
and Diana easily won the game that evening. Quickly Julie and Suzanne
were bound and taken to the basement. Suzanne was stripped and bound
to the bondage table. She was strapped down in a way that she couldn’t
move. Julie was taken over and her head and wrists were quickly locked
in the pillory. Julie’s legs were spread wide and locked in wood.

Wands went over to Suzanne and clipped her nipples with 2 vicious nipple
clamps. Suzanne yelled, “Aieeeeyeeeee, noooooooo, eeeeeee, we never
use those clips they hurt too much.”

“Shut up you’re my slave for the night I can do what I wish with you.
Diana and I have decided that we haven’t been serious enough about punishing
our slaves.”

Wanda fastened a thin cord to the two nipple clips connecting them to
each other. She dropped a rope from the ceiling and attached it to
the center of the cord fastened to Suzanne’s nipples. Wanda pulled
the rope coming down from the ceiling tight. This caused Suzanne’s
breasts to be pulled up in the air and the clips to bite even harder into
her nipples. “Nooooooooo! This is too much.”

“Go ahead and yell I like to hear it. This basement is entirely
under ground and we have no neighbors. No one will hear you.”

Wanda fastened two more of the clips to Suzanne’s pussy lips.
Wanda attached cords to the clamps on either side of Suzanne’s pussy pulled
them tight and tied them off at the bottom of the bondage table.
This elicited another loud yowl and screech from Suzanne.

“Good! I have one more thing to do and then you can rest for awhile.”

Wanda got another clip and this clip had little jaws and a stronger
spring. Wanda fingered Suzanne’s clit until it was a nice round bud
and snapped the clip on it. “Achhhhhhhhhhh!” Suzanne’s
yell was more animal than human.

While Wanda was working on Suzanne, Diana was doing much the same thing
to Julie. Clips were fastened to Julie’s nipples and tied to the
floor. The same thing was done to her pussy lips and clit.
By the time Diana stood back to admire her work Julie was emitting a long
constant moan. Diana said, “Wanda come over here and help me.
She is too comfortable. Wanda and Diana released Julie’s wrists from
the stocks and closed them back on her neck. They tied Julie’s wrists
tightly behind her back and used a rope from a ceiling pulley to force
her arms high up in the air over her back. Suzanne looked over at
Julie. Even though she was hurting she saw that Julie was in an even
worse situation than she.

Diana said, “All of this has gotten me hot. Which do you want
mouth or strap on?”

“I think I want to use a mouth.”

“Good! I was hoping you would say that. I’m in the mood to screw
a tight hole with a dildo.”

Wanda headed for the bondage table and Diana opened a drawer and pulled
out a 6” medium sized black dildo. Diana took the dildo over to Julie
and said, “Get this good and wet or it will go in dry.” Julie obediently
covered the dildo with her saliva. Diana strapped the 6” black dildo
on and was sure that the little knob on the end of it was against her clit.
She slowly penetrated Julie’s ass with the Dildo until it was all the way
in.

Meanwhile Suzanne was tonguing Wanda to climax. Diana began to
ram the dildo in and out of Julie’s ass really hard. In short order
both Wanda and Diana emitted sounds from the pleasure of their climaxes.

When Wanda climbed off of Suzanne, she said, “This has tired me, I need
a drink. Why don’t we go upstairs, have a drink and make slow passionate
love.”

“Good idea.”

Julie said, “What about us don’t we get our pleasure?”

Wanda said, “You two are our slaves for the night. You should
be seen and not heard.”

Hearing this Suzanne said, “Please I have to get off.”

Diana said, “Enough of that. Gags will stop you two from complaining.”

Diana went over to a drawer and came back with 2 ball gags. She
handed one to Wanda. Quickly Julie’s and Suzanne’s words were cut
off by the ball gags strapped tightly in their mouths.

Wanda and Diana headed for the stairs, just before they started up,
Wanda, said, “Girls get a good rest you’re going to need it. When
we come back you’ll each get your whipping.”

Wanda and Diana left leaving Suzanne and Julie in their painful condition.
After the woman left all Suzanne and Julie could do was struggle in their
bonds and try to relieve some of their pains. Every once in
a while either Julie or Suzanne would give out with a loud yell or screech.
Nothing but a weak, “Mphhhheee!” escaped through their gags.

Wanda and Diana went up stairs, relaxed, had a couple of drinks while
they watched TV. After they finished their second drink they went
to bed and very slowly brought each other to the peak teasing and denying
final release. Finally both of their bodies shuddered in a long powerful
climax. After they were sated they slept about an hour.

Diana and Wanda awakened and fixed coffee to wake them up. Wanda
said, “This will give us some energy. We have to wake up or we won’t
be able to give Julie and Suzanne a proper whipping.”

“Yes I want some energy. I’m feeling like a real sadist this evening.
I think instead of the usual paddling we should give both of them a full
body whipping, front and back.”

“Good Idea! I think the more we do this the more dominant and
sadistic I’m becoming.”

Diana replied, “Me too. Have you noticed that every time we manage
to win we do more and more to the victims?

“Yes it’s too bad we can’t have them as permanent slaves.”

Diana and Wanda finished their coffee and headed for the basement.
Wanda said, “Wake up you two it’s time for your whipping.” At this
Suzanne and Julie struggled in their bondage causing the clips to hurt
until they were exhausted and could only remain there held in place by
their bonds.

The 2 women came over and took all of the clips off of Julie.
Unlocked her from the rack and moved her to the center of the room.
Julie was too weak to resist soon she was strung up to the ceiling with
her wrists high in the air and her legs spread far apart to rings anchored
in the floor. Wanda and Diana each got a cane out of a brine filled
tin. They came over to Julie. Wanda stood a little to one side
behind Julie. Diana did the same thing on the other side of her.
Craaakk, Slaaaaash, two red hot brands burned their way across Julie’s
ass cheeks. Julie struggled and jerked in her bonds trying to avoid
the fiery wheals burning their way across her ass cheeks. Wanda & Diana
delivered many more cuts to Julie’s ass. When they finished the canes
were too tattered to be of any use and Julie’s ass was a bright purple.
Wanda and Diana sat down to rest. They each sipped a cool drink from
the well stocked little refrigerator in the dungeon. Julie looked
longingly at the drink. Diana said, “Don’t think you’re going to
get anything to drink. You’re nothing but a slave. You
only get food and drink as your mistress wishes.”

Julie hung in her bonds with her ass on fire. Wanda and Diana
got up and came over with 2 short, thin, vicious looking quirts.
Diana said, “Tit or thigh!”

“I think tit then thigh for me. After I do a breast and you do
a thigh we’ll switch.”

Wanda began to lash Julie’s left tit with the quirt. The quirt
bit into the sensitive flesh. The breast was becoming marked with
bright red and purple welts. Meanwhile Diana was lashing her quirt
into Julie’s right thigh. She was careful to burn a red line completely
around Julie’s right thigh just below where it joined her body. Both
women continued to whip Julie until her thigh and breast was completely
covered with red and purple lines. The women switched places and
soon Julie’s other tit and thigh looked the same.

Wanda and Diana went over to the cabinet and came back with 2” wide
thick rubber straps that had holes in them. They came over and Wanda
lashed the belt into Julie’s abdomen while Diana did the same to her back.
When they finished Julie’s body was red and purple from her neck to her
knees. When they finished with Julie they tightly hogtied her and
dropped a rope from the ceiling and tied it to the rope connecting Julie’s
wrists to her ankles. The rope was pulled up until Julie’s chest
and knees were just off of the floor. This forced her body into a
tight uncomfortable bow.

Diana and Wanda whipped Suzanne as they had Julie. Soon Suzanne
was bound in a buck and gag position. Pole was run under Suzanne’s
knees. Suzanne’s arms were run under the pole and her wrists securely
bound on top of her ankles. A chain was fastened to the bar so it
would not come out from under Suzanne’s legs. Diana fastened a chain
around Suzanne’s waist and pulled her waist tight against the pole and
locked the chain. Wanda and Diana left Julie hogtied and Suzanne in the
buck and gag position for the night. Suzanne and Julie were not gagged.
Wanda said, “They can talk if they have the energy”. Julie didn’t know
it at the time. It would have been much better for her if she would
have been gagged.

During the long night, Julie and Suzanne talked. They comforted
and soothed each other. Later the talk turned to bondage and torture.
It was a long night. They had covered all the torture and bondage
topics in which they were interested. Then Julie told Suzanne how
much she wanted to be mummified. Suzanne had always been interested
in the subject and had studied a great deal about it. Suzanne thought,
“Here is a chance for me to put everything I have learned about mummifying
a person to use.”

The next morning the two women were released. Julie and Suzanne
swore they would get revenge the next time they had Wanda and Diana as
slaves. It took several months. Finally Julie and Suzanne
won and repaid Wanda and Diana in spades. Meanwhile Suzanne had told
Diana and Wanda about Julie’s desire to be mummified. She was disappointed
when the two said they had known about that for years. The women
continued to ply their games over the next year. Every time Suzanne
and Julie were the losers, the talk turned to mummification before the
night was over. Suzanne had been working on Diana and Wanda the entire
time. Finally they agreed that they would help Suzanne mummify Julie.

Whenever they had time the three women plotted as to how they would
capture Julie and get her mummified. Suzanne saw a special advertisement
for a mummy form-coffin in one of the catalogs. It was expensive
but the three could afford it. There were several choices of characters
that could be etched into the outside of the form. Since Suzanne
was going to use a form of mummification practiced by the meso American
cultures, she chose the coffin form that had Mayan characters on the outside
of it. Several times over the last months Suzanne had taken Julie
aside several times and showed her an outline of how the early American
cultures mummified their royalty. Suzanne asked Julie if she
liked that method of mummification several different times. Julie
was hesitant. She was not sure about the nipple rings, the clit rings
and the sewed lips. Suzanne tried to convince Julie that those things
would not be done to her. All the time packages and items kept
arriving at the house. The other 3 women were able to keep Julie
from knowing what was being packed away in the closets of the dungeon,
the attic and anywhere else where Julie would not find them.

Julie would be finishing her degree in mid May after that Julie would
have no obligation until the first of September. Suzanne wanted
Julie’s mummification to be as close to the original as possible.
To do that it would take a period of two weeks or so before Julie would
be ready to enter the mummy form and be sealed in place. Wanda, Diana
and Suzanne only let on to Julie that she was to be wrapped as a mummy
for a long weekend. However they had other plans. Julie was
constantly assured by the three women that they would not use all of the
procedures outlined in the article about Central American mummification.

Julie finished her degree and the three women went to a local bar and
celebrated. Julie, unaware of what was planned, drank more than she
should have. She was a little tipsy and had to be supported by Diana
and Wanda as they walked home. When they got home Diana suggested
they have a nightcap. She made sure that Julie got a very strong
drink. Before Julie finished her drink she was out on the couch.

**Part II**

Julie awakened she wasn’t sure where she was. She tried to move and
found her neck was locked in a collar Julie felt the chain and followed
the chain until she found where it was secured to a heavy iron ring in
the wall. Julie then realized she was chained to the wall in the
dungeon cell. She thought, “That’s strange we didn’t schedule any
play sessions. The victim always knows in advance when she is going
to be put in the dungeon. Oh well they must have a game for me to
play and will let me out of here during the day.”

The light came on and Julie saw Wanda come into the room. “Hi,
glad to see you’re awake. We have decided to give you a graduation
present. We’re going to see that you get to experience something
you’ve always wanted us to do for you. We’re going to mummify you
for a few days”. At the sound of those words, Julie became really
hot. However she was still hesitant. “I’m not sure I want to
do that right now. Can’t we put it off until a later date?”

“No you’ve been after us to make you into a mummy for years. We’re
going to do it for you as your graduation present. You’re locked
in the cell and chained to the wall. There is now no escape for you.
Your fate is sealed. You will become a living mummy.”

Diana and Suzanne joined Wanda. Diana said, “Yes maybe after a
few days of being mummified you’ll decide you don’t like it and will shut
up.”

Suzanne chimed in “Yes when we were at the Mercy of Diana and Wanda
you told me you wanted to be a mummy for a long weekend. You are
going to become exactly that.”

“No I… don’t want to do that I… I’ve changed my mind.”

“Ha Ha, as of now you have no choice.”

Suzanne continued “You remember that article I showed you about Central
American mummies. We’ve decided to do you that way. In fact
in keeping with historical accuracy as we know it, you’re going to go through
the entire process.”

“Remember when the ruler died all of his immediate family, officials
and palace workers were mummified with him. There were 3 levels of
mummification. It took one week to prepare palace workers.
It took two weeks to prepare palace officials and a little longer for immediate
family members. We have decided you will get the immediate family
treatment. If you remember that is a period of torture to cleanse
the body of your sins. A period of cleansing the body to make sure
there is no mold left to destroy the mummy and a period of preparation
to wrap the mummy and seal it in the form. You’ll be glad to know
we have a mummy form in which to put our new mummy. It is complete
with appropriate Mayan hieroglyphics. Were going to let you rest
in your cell and we’ll begin the process of preparing our mummy tomorrow.”

Julie was left alone in her cell and felt the weight of the heavy collar
and chain pulling on her neck and holding her firmly to the wall.
The more she thought about becoming a helpless mummy the more turned on
she became. Still she thought about everything that had been done
to prepare royal family members to be mummified. Surely they didn’t
intend doing everything to her that was listed in the article.
Some the tortures and some of the preparations were down right gruesome.
Julie wasn’t sure she could stand them. Julie struggled against the
collar and chain. It was no use the collar was locked tight about her neck.
It and the chain were solid steel. The chain was anchored to the
wall with a steel plate and 4 large bolts. Even if Julie could escape
she could not get out of the cell with the heavy iron bars and solid lock.

Julie was brought a good meal which was pushed through a grate in the
cell door and left for the night. Julie spent a night where sleep
came and went. She wanted to be mummified at the same time she was
afraid. If they would just subject her to being mummified and forget
the rest of the program, Julie would have been more turned on than afraid.
There was nothing she could do about her situation but eat her meal and
lie in her cell held by the heavy collar and chain. Maybe at some
point she would have a chance to escape what was planned for her.

Bright and early the next morning Wanda, Tanya and Suzanne appeared
out side of Julie’s cell. Tanya had in her hand a modified taser with
darts. She told Julie, “Back up to the bars so I can lock your wrists
behind your back in these Chalet Cuffs. If you don’t I’ll zap you
with this taser. It isn’t powerful enough to knock you out.
It will immobilize you long enough for me to get these Chalet Cuffs locked
on your wrists.”

Julie saw she had no choice but to back up to the cell bars. She
did want to experience the painful electrifying zap she would feel from
the taser. Soon Julie’s wrists were pinioned together behind her
back, as if they were one by the Chalet Cuffs.

Wanda opened the cell and unlocked Julie’s neck from the collar and
chain. Soon the heavy iron collar was replaced by a leather collar
and leash. Wanda led Julie out to the center of the room. Julie’s
ankles were spread so far apart that Julie thought her pussy was going
to split wide open and anchored to rings in the floor. Then Wanda
unlocked Julie’s wrists and tied ropes tightly around each of Julie’s wrists.
Julie’s wrist ropes ran over pulleys high on the ceiling well out to each
side of Julie’s body. Tanya and Suzanne each pulled on one of Julie’s
wrist ropes until Julie thought her arms were going to be pulled out of
her shoulders. The 2 women tied the ropes off to rings on the walls.
Julie’s body was tautly stretched with the very tips of her toes barely
touching the floor.

Suzanne stood back and said, “Julie as you know we talked about the
way some of the Meso American cultures prepared their mummies. We’ve
decided to subject you to the full treatment that immediate family members
received when the ruling monarch died. As you know you will undergo
3 periods of preparation before you are mummified. You’ll be glad
to know that the mummy form in which you will be sealed has all of the
Mayan hieroglyphics that were on mummy cases which have been uncovered
by archaeologists. We had 2 choices when we purchased your mummy
form. We could have bought either model M107A or model M107X.
Apparently the company has had many requests from customers who want to
mummify persons for short periods of time. The form for short term
mummification is model M107A. There are also customers who want to
be permanently mummified after they pass on. Model M107X is for the
customers who eventually want to be permanently mummified after death.
Once the locking pins are put in place on model M107X they can not be removed.
In addition the entire form and pins are made of a kind of case hardened
steel that is very hard to be drilled or cut. It would take several
months to cut through that steel, even with an atomic torch.
You’ll be glad to know we ordered the model M107A for you. It is
for short term mummification and even if the pins are accidentally locked
they can be drilled out in a few hours.”

Tanya and Wanda then chimed in together. “As you know, the first
part of mummy preparation for immediate members was a period of painful
torture to drive out any evil demons that may have inhabited their bodies.
It was believed that a long period of severe, painful torture would drive
any evil spirits from their bodies. This torture process is the part
that we’re going to love. Julie, the longer we have played our little
games the more we have realized that we’re turning into real sadists.
We’re going to love making sure that there are no evil demons left inhabiting
your body when we mummify you.”

It was hard for Julie to concentrate on what Suzanne and later Wanda
and Tanya had said. It felt as if her body was being split down the
middle and her limbs being pulled from her body. Julie was already
in real pain and beginning to moan. She was not sure what the three
women had in mind for her. She knew it would not be pleasant for
her.

Suzanne said, “Julie it is prescribed that for the first day of torture
you be strung up as you now are. Then receive three full body whipping
sessions by three different persons. Tanya, Wanda and I are going
to be the three people that whip you. There is a definite pattern
that is to be followed when each of us whips your body. You will
hang there for 12 hours. Every 4 hours one of us will give you a
full body whipping in the prescribed way. You will not be gagged
during this torture session. It is believed that if you yell and
scream from the pain it will allow the evil demons to more easily escape
your body. I will come back in 4 hours to give you your first whipping
session. Tanya and Wanda will watch as I describe what is to be done
to you. Then at 4 hour intervals they will repeat the process with
a different implement as prescribed by the translated rituals.”

Suzanne continued, “It was believed that by hanging there and in pain
that it would make any evil demons in your body uneasy. Then the
pain from the whippings will drive some of them from your body. Now
hang there and enjoy being helpless. You’re painful session of torture
has just begun.

The three women left Julie hanging in her ropes with her body painfully
stretched taut. Julie yelled and screamed at the three women as they
left. All her yelling did was to cause her throat to become raw.
Julie thought, “God! I’m in pain. How am I going to be able to stand
hanging here for 12 hours while I have to endure three full body whipping
sessions?” Soon all Julie could do was feel the pain that was cursing
through her body and moan.

Julie heard voices. Suzanne returned followed by Tanya and Wanda.
Suzanne went over to a bench and selected a wide strap with holes in it.
Suzanne said, “Tanya and Wanda it is very important that each of the three
whipping sessions be done in this manner. We will start with Julie’s
back. It is also important that every square inch of skin be whipped at
least once. You will notice that I am using a relatively wide strap
with holes in it. The holes will cause deep purple marks to appear
in Julie’s flesh. Tanya you will use a whip that will be similar
to a quifu or knout. It will consist of 7 ropes tied together in
a knot at the handle and with 7 knots in each of the ropes. When
you whip Julie with it all of the knots should come in contact with Julie’s
skin with each lash of the whip to her body. Wanda you will use a
whip that will consist of 2 long thin leather strands. It will look
like the long tongue of a snake. The whip is long enough it should
whip around Julie’s body picking up speed as it encircles her body and
biting hard into her skin. You must be sure to cover every square
inch of her body with that whip. Now pay attention and watch how
Julie should be properly whipped.”

AUTHOR’S NOTE: A quifu consisted of many strands of rope with knots
spaced at intervals along each rope. It was used by the Incas as
method of keeping track of records.

Suzanne shook out the strap until it was straight and dangling at her
side. She held the strap out to the side and swished it hard into
Julie’s back just below her shoulder blades. Immediately a wide pink
strip appeared across Julie’s back just below her shoulder blades.
There was a regular pattern of purple spots in the pink strip. Suzanne
made sure that every square centimeter of flesh on Julie’s back from her
shoulders to her ass cheeks was pink and covered with a pattern of purple
spots. By this time Julie could only emit a long wailing moan.

Suzanne surveyed her work and said, “Notice how I have all of Julie’s
back turned pink and covered with purple spots. Tanya when you whip
Julie with the leather knout, the knots will leave black and blue spots
on Julie’s body. You must be sure that all of Julie’s flesh has red
stripes and complete pattern of black and blue marks all over it.
Wanda you will not have to be so particular you will just have to cover
all of Julie’s body with welts from your whip of the forked tongue.
Now I am ready to do Julie’s ass cheeks. Notice how they should be
whipped as hard as they can. Julie is very lucky she has well padded
ass cheeks and we can really lay into them with our punishment whips.”

Suzanne stood back and swung the strap as hard as she could wield it.
As Suzanne’s muscles were well developed the strap crashed into Julie’s
left ass cheek with a resounding THAWK! that echoed throughout the dungeon.
Suzanne waited, watched and gave a satisfied smirk as she saw a wide deep
purple welt spread across Julie’s ass cheek. The purple welt had
deep blue purple spots in a regular predictable pattern within it.
SLASH! Suzanne delivered a blow to Julie’s right ass cheek. The strap
slashed across Julie’s ass even harder the second time if that was possible.
“Aieeeeeeee ohhhhhhhhh, noooooo! Pleasssssse! Eeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Finally
Suzanne got the response she was expecting from Julie and leered evilly
at her. Suzanne quickly covered both of Julie’s ass cheeks with purple
stripes and deep blue spots.

Suzanne gave Tanya and Wanda some more instructions. “I am ready
to do the backs of Julie’s thighs and the backs of her calves. We
can’t hit as hard there. If I hit Julie’s thighs and calves as hard
as I did her ass cheeks I will do real damage to them. I don’t want
that to happen. I do want to see her thighs and calves become covered
with pink welts and deep red or lightly purple spots.”

While Suzanne was talking, Julie continually emitted a long keening
inhuman wail. Suzanne lashed the back of Julie’s right thigh until
it was a bring pink speckled with spots of deep red or light purple.
Suzanne gave Julie’s left thigh the same treatment and then methodically
worked over the backs of Julie’s calves at a slow pace. When Suzanne
paused for a rest the entire backside of Julie’s body was covered with
welts and spots. Not one square inch of white flesh remained.

Suzanne said, “Now I am ready to do the front of Julie’s body.
Notice I will not whip her breasts nor will I whip her pussy. They
will receive special attention after Julie’s entire body has been whipped.”

Suzanne began lashing the front of Julie’s body with the strap.
Tanya and Wanda noticed that Julie was no longer making much noise or struggling
very much. She was just hanging rather limply in her bonds absorbing
the punishment from Suzanne’s strap. Quickly the front of Julie’s
upper body was red and spotted. The fronts of Julie’s thighs received
the same treatment from Suzanne’s lashes. Suzanne colored the outsides
of Julie’s thighs and calves red.

“Now I am ready to do the insides of her thighs. The insides of
Julie’s thighs should be given a similar treatment as I did to her ass
cheeks. The insides of her thighs must be whipped as hard as possible.”

Suzanne lashed the strap hard into the inside of Julie’s left thigh.
Even though Julie was totally exhausted from her whipping she let out a
quiet Unnnnnh! When the strap bit into her thigh, Suzanne painted both
of the insides of Julie’s thighs purple with deep blue colored spots.

“Now I am ready to do her breasts and pussy. Note I will not use
the strap nor will you two use the same whips on Julie’s breasts and pussy
that were used on the rest of her body. It seemed that the ancient
culture’s believed there were 12 different kinds of evil demons that could
reside in the human body. Therefore Julie’s breasts will receive
12 hard blows with a special whip as will her pussy.”

Suzanne went over to the wall and came back with a hard heavy rope that
was about 6 feet long. The rope had a heavy knot tied in the end
of it. The knot had been made even harder by some sort of substance
in which it had been dipped. The substance had dried leaving the
knot covered by a hard resin.

“At the end of each whipping we will use this rope on Julie’s nipples
and pussy. Notice I will stand back and measure the distance.
Then each of Julie’s nipples will receive 6 blows of the knot as hard as
they can be hit with it.”

Suzanne stood back, measured the distance and swung the rope as hard
as she could. There was a very loud SPLAT! As the knot slammed into
Julie’s left nipple scoring a perfect hit. Just before the knot drilled
into Julie’s pussy there was a slight pop indicating that the knot had
exceeded the velocity of the speed of sound. This caused Julie to
give out with a loud screech that slowly died to a sigh. Suzanne
delivered six blows of the knot as hard as she could to each of Julie’s
nipples. All Julie could do was give out a mild sigh each time the
knot slammed into one of her nipples.

“Now I’m ready to do her pussy. If this is done correctly the
knot should bite into Julie’s clit 12 times.”

Again Suzanne stood back and measured the distance. She brought
the knot up as hard as she could scoring a perfect hit and driving the
knot deep into Julie’s clit. This did get a response from Julie.
The howl that came out of her mouth was of so high a pitch that the three
women had to hold their hands over their ears. Wanda and Tanya would
have sworn they heard a mild crack as the knot drove into Julie’s pussy
and clit. Suzanne had caused the velocity of the knot to exceed the
speed of sound. As Suzanne mercilessly drove the knot 11 more times
into Julie’s clit the high pitched moan continued. Tanya and Wanda
didn’t know how Suzanne could stand to listen to it. They both had
to hold their hands over their ears.

Suzanne finished and said, “Now each of you will use your whip on Julie’s
body as I did the strap. You must be more careful than I was with
the strap. Those whips can cut flesh. We do not want that.
I few drops of blood on her here and there is ok but we do not want any
large cuts that could become infected. At the end of the whipping
session each of you will use the knotted rope on Julie’s nipples and clit
as I did. Let’s go relax and in four hours one of you can do your
thing to Julie with your whip and the rope. Then in 8 hours the other
of you can do the same thing with your whip and the rope. I wish
I could do it. However it is specified that the 3 whippings must
be delivered by 3 different people.”

The 3 women left the dungeon leaving Julie hanging limply in her ropes
emitting one low never ending sigh.

As she was left hanging limply in her bonds, Julie had not thoughts.
Gradually she was able to take in short breaths of air. As Julie
was able to breath a little more deeply thoughts began to return to her
mind. Julie first thought, “God! That almost killed me. How
can I stand two more of these horrible vicious whipping sessions?
Damn! That hurt.”

Julie struggled in her bonds. She could only wiggle a little as
most of her strength had been sapped by the whipping and had not returned.
Julie was beginning to recover a little and thought, “Maybe in a little
while I struggle with these ropes and possibly free myself.” Julie
was finally almost able to take a full breath. Before Julie could
take a really full breath of air, the door to the dungeon opened and Tanya
came into the dungeon. Julie thought, “OH! No! Four hours can not
have passed that fast.”

Without a word Tanya went over picked up the Knout and began to lash
Julie’s back with it. Tanya gave Julie’s body the same treatment
with the knout that Suzanne had with the strap. Tanya delivered the
6 blows with the knot to each of Julie’s nipples and the 12 to her pussy
and clit. Tanya managed to bury the knot at the end of the rope even
more deeply into Julie’s clit than did Suzanne. Tanya left Julie
again hanging limply in her bonds barely able to breathe.

Julie was just being able to move a little when she saw Wanda enter
the dungeon. Wanda striped Julie’s entire body with the whip of the
forked tongue and gave Julie’s nipples and clit the knot treatment.
This time Julie was not really conscious when Wanda finished.

Just as Wanda delivered the final blow of the knot to Julie’s pussy
Suzanne and Tanya came into the dungeon. The 3 women untied Julie.
Julie collapsed to the floor, unable to move.

Suzanne said, “Now Julie must be tied into a compact ball for the night.
Once she is unable to move a muscle we will suspend her from the ceiling
for the night. Julie’s body must be bound as tightly as possible.
We could use modern rope. The ancients used sisal rope for this.
I guess we had better stick with the original program for the sake of reality.”

Suzanne went over to a cabinet and returned with a large pile of sisal
rope.

“Since Julie is mostly out of it we will begin with her legs and gradually
get the rest of her body tightly bound in a compact ball. In order
to get the ropes tight enough you 2 are going to have to help me pull on
them at times.”

Suzanne wound a loop of rope around Julie’s ankles she, Wanda and Tanya
pulled the rope until at least half of it was imbedded in the flesh above
her ankles. Julie’s ankles were secured by exactly 8 loops of rope
as specified in the ritual. Suzanne had Wanda and Tanya help her
cinch Julie’s ankle ropes and pull the cinches as tightly as possible when
Suzanne knotted the rope you could only see a very small arc of the rope
binding Julie’s ankles. The rest of the rope was buried deeply in
Julie’s flesh. Quickly Julie’s legs were bound and cinched below
and above her knees. This time once the loops were cinched the circles
of rope were entirely buried in Julie’s soft skin and barely visible.

Suzanne said, “Now we are going to have to double Julie’s legs.
Since they are tied so tightly you two are going to have to force her ankles
back toward her ass cheeks. You may have to sit on her legs with
all of the weight of both of you. When I start binding her legs doubled
I want her heels almost touching her ass cheeks.”

Tanya and Wanda forced Julie’s ankles back until her heels were as close
to Julie’s ass cheeks as they could get them. Suzanne wound loops
of rope around Julie’s ankles and thighs to hold her legs in place.
Then she had Tanya and Wanda help her pull Julie’s legs tighter until her
heels were touching her ass cheeks. Suzanne cinched the ropes tightly.
Then she had Tanya and Wanda help her pull the cinches even tighter and
knot them. When they finished Julie’s heels were embedded in her
ass cheeks.

Suzanne said, now we’re ready to do Julie’s arms. About
this time a little consciousness began to return to Julie. She wondered,
“Why can’t I move my legs?”

Julie felt her wrists being drawn behind her back and then yelped a
little as she felt the ropes begin to bite into her skin and wrist bones.
Quickly Julie’s arms had ropes tying her wrists and her upper arms together
until her elbows touch, almost dislocating her shoulders. Like the
ropes binding her legs, most of the rope was barely visible as it was buried
so deeply in Julie’s flesh.

Suzanne said, “Now I can use a web of rope to secure Julie’s arms to
her body.”

Wanda and Tanya were amazed. They watched as Suzanne wound an
intricate web of rope around Julie’s arms and body. When Suzanne
tied the last knot, the entire length of Julie’s arms were welded tightly
to her body by rope.

Tanya said, “Suzanne, where did you learn to do that?”

“I found detailed drawings of how to do this on a wall in a cave.
I copied them.”

“Now we have to get her upper body curled around and bound to her thighs.
You two will have to help me with that.”

Suzanne struggled until she was satisfied she had the end of a long
length of rope properly secured to Julie’s ankles. Suzanne wound the rope
over one of Julie’s shoulders and back down between her feet. Another
loop of rope passed over Julie’s other shoulder. Each time a loop
of rope was passed over Julie’s shoulders Tanya and Wanda helped Suzanne
tighten it. Julie’s breasts were slowly squashed against her thighs.
When Suzanne tied off the last knot, Julie’s body was almost in the shape
of an oblong ball.

Suzanne said, “Now we have to get a special helmet on her head and once
we tie that in place we can suspend her for the night.”

Suzanne dug into a box and came up with a dark brown leather helmet.
She placed it over Julie’s head and adjusted it. Then she had Wanda help
her pull the laces tight until Julie thought her entire face and head was
going to be crushed by the heavy leather.

Suzanne attached a rope to the ring in the top of the helmet.
She wound several loops of rope between the ring and Julie’s ankles.
As Suzanne tightened the rope, Julie’s face was forced tightly against
her knees. Tanya helped Suzanne pull the ropes even tighter and knot
them. Julie now could not move her head. Suzanne took another
length of rope and ran it down Julie’s back and fastened it to her ankles.
This rope was tightened as the first one had been even further securing
Julie’s head. Now there was no possible movement of any portion of
Julie’s body except for her fingers and toes.

Suzanne got two short lengths of thin cord. She pitched one to
Wanda and said, “Use this to tie her big toes together while I tie her
thumbs.”

Quickly Julie’s big toes and thumbs were tied together. Suzanne got
a longer length of the thin cord and used it to tie Julie’s thumbs tightly
to her big toes.

Suzanne adjusted a ring of rope that was cleverly fixed in the center
of Julie’s back by the web of rope around her arms. Suzanne dropped
a hook down from a wench on the ceiling and put the hook through the ring
of rope. She pushed a button and the ball of Julie’s body rose high
above the floor. Suzanne stopped the rise of the wench and Julie
was hanging in space bound almost in the shape of a perfect ball.

The three women turned out the lights and left Julie floating in space
for the night.

Julie’s body was so tightly compacted into the ball that Julie could
barely breathe. Julie's body swayed in the air as she drifted in
and out of reality. Julie was just getting enough oxygen to sustain
life. If she tried to move in any direction which she could not
her heart would begin to pound and she would be very short of breath.
Finally Julie ceased to be conscious of her surroundings. She either
fell into a troubled sleep or lost consciousness she was not sure which.

Julie awaked in a pile on the floor. Before she could move she
was grabbed by the three women and placed in a chair. At first Julie
couldn’t understand why the chair was so uncomfortable. Slowly the
oxygen began to return to Julie’s system. She became aware that she
was sitting in a really strange chair. Suzanne quickly clamped Julie’s
forearms to the arms of the chair while Wanda clamped her lower legs to
the front of the chair. When it was not possible for Julie to escape,
Suzanne stood back and talked to Julie.

“Julie I found the design of this chair in a description of how the
tribes deep in the jungle of Honduras mummified their leaders. This
chair is similar to the German Chair used for torture during the middle
ages. All of the surfaces of the chair are covered with dull wooden
spikes. At first the pain is not too bad. However the longer
the victim remains in the chair the more the pain from the dull points
continues to increase until the subject is released from the chair. In
addition the pain is increased by applying clamps to the body covered with
the same dull points to press your body even harder into the chair.
You will be in the chair all day Julie. Then tonight you will be
in really painful bondage. Julie thought “What else is new?”

“Now it is time for me to properly clamp you in this chair for you to
experience the full effect of it. I have added one item that I think
you will like. Spending the day in this chair will drive a lot of
the demons out of your body. Then after I apply the really painful
bondage to your body a lot more of the demons will be driven out of your
body tonight. It is time for me to drive the demons out of your body.
I think I will begin with your feet and toes and work my way up to the
top of your body. When I get to your head I will add the device that
I have designed especially for you.”

“The soles of your feet are resting on wooden spikes. This board as
wooden spikes on it its surface and is designed to squash your feet and
toes into the spikes with the spikes being driven into the tops of your
feet and toes. I will clamp your feet now.”

Julie felt the spikes being driven into the top of her foot and her
toes. At the same time the spikes on which Julie’s feet were being
driven into the soles of her feet. She had never felt such pain.
Actually the worst pain that Julie felt from having her feet clamped was
the pain from the sensitive nerve endings in her toes. Julie gave
a grunt and finally had to scream from the pain.

Suzanne said, “Go ahead and scream. It will let the demons out
of your body and at the same time it will turn me on. Now this is
a special clamp that will dig into your calves and shins. It will
have a nice little effect on the bones below your knee caps. First
I will put this bar covered with spikes vertically behind your calves.
Now this board with spikes will fit over your shin bones. Notice
there is a pattern of sharper spikes that will dig into the boney area
just below your knee caps. At the same time the bars of spikes will
not only dig into your calves and put pressure on your leg bones.
Believe me that will be really painful.”

Suzanne clamped Julie’s lower legs and the spikes drove into Julie’s
shins. This was even more painful to Julie than the spikes being
driven into her feet. The pain of the spikes being driven into Julie’s
shins was more than she could stand. Julie had had enough.
“Let me the fuck out of there this is enough. Damn it I can’t stand
anymore of this. You’ve gone far enough fuck off and let me out of
there.”

The only effect Julie’s outburst had was to cause Suzanne to tighten
the shin clamps even tighter. Julie didn’t know whether the spikes
being driven into her shins or the ones being driven into her knees hurt
worse. Suzanne stood up and said, “Any more of those out breaks and
I’ll tighten those clamps even tighter. You had better hope I don’t
tighten them too tightly. If I do it will break the bones in your
legs.”

All Julie could do was moan and scream letting even more demons escape
from her body. Suzanne tightened the clamp two more turns eliciting
an unhuman howl from Julie.

“Now I’m going to clamp your thighs. There is a lot of meaty flesh
there. I can tighten these clamps really tight and drive those spikes
deep into your thighs flesh.”

In short order Suzanne had Julie’s thighs painfully clamped to the chair.
“Now this is going to be nice these clamps will dig into both sides of
your body driving the spikes into your rib bones.”

Suzanne placed a spike covered board against both sides of Julie’s body.
The boards fitted into tracks in the back of the chair. Suzanne tightened
the clamps until the spikes were being driven into Julie’s ribs.
Suzanne tighten the clamps until Julie thought her ribs were going to break.
In addition to the tremendous pressure on her ribs Julie felt unbelievable
pain from the spikes being driven into her rib bones. Suzanne put
pressure on Julie’s rib bones until there was a continuous moan emanating
from Julie’s throat. Suzanne put another board covered with spikes
in front of Julie’s body. This clamp fitted in slots of the clamps
that were crushing Julie’s ribs. This bed of spikes ended just below
Julie’s breasts. Suzanne tightened this clamps driving spikes into Julie’s
stomach and lower chest. Suzanne tightened this clamp until Julie
was just barely able to inhale enough oxygen to sustain life. Suzanne
stood back and admired her handiwork. “Now it’s time for me to apply
the last two goodies to your body.”

Hearing these words all Julie could do was let out a small moan that
was more like a sigh than a moan. Julie’s body was clamped so tight
and she was in so much pain she was not sure if this was a dream or reality.
Julie heard the words that Suzanne spoke but was by now virtually out of
it. All of the pain sensors in Julie’s lower body were screaming
driving the fires of pain deep into Julie’s brain. She wanted to
pass out but was unable to do so.

Suzanne took another board with wooden spikes in it. There was
one difference this board had 4 very short, very sharp iron spikes in it
a 2 places. Suzanne adjust this clamp until the iron spikes were
directly in front of Julie’s nipples. Suzanne tightened this clamp
flattening Julie’s breasts against her body. The wooden spikes drove
into every square inch of Julie’s breasts. The sharp iron spikes
drove deeply into Julie’s nipples. This caused the pain wracked Julie
to emit a weak “Unhhh!”

Suzanne said, “Now it is time for me to add the goodie I invented”.
Suzanne picked up a leather helmet and showed Julie that the inside of
it was covered with round wooden balls about the size of marbles.
”When this helmet is in place and buckled tightly on your head, these round
wooden balls will be driven into every square inch of your head, face and
neck.”

Suzanne put the helmet on Julie’s head and tightened it. Julie
felt the hard wooden pellets being driven into her head and face.
If Julie had not been about to pass out from the pain her body was already
receiving, she would have let out a very loud, high pitched, screech.
All she had the energy to do was simply sit there, limp in her chair, and
feel the pain coursing throughout every part of her body. By now
Julie’s brain was one maze of pain. There was nothing else
but the pain drilling into Julie’s body and overloading every synapse in
her brain with the current of pain. No other thoughts other than
pain could enter Julie’s mind. Suzanne turned out the lights and
left Julie in her extremely painful chair. The longer Julie sat there,
the more intense the pain became. Nothing existed for Julie but pain.
Julie began to wish she was mummified. At least the pain would be
gone. Julie drifted in and out of reality, mostly out of it.
She saw herself in a mummy form floating in the Kingdom or Ra.

Julie came back to the land of the conscious. It seemed as if
her pain was a lot less. When she realized where she was and what
was happening she was on the floor. Wanda was just finishing typing
the last knot forcing Julie’s legs to be doubled with her heels digging
into her ass cheeks. Wanda was buckling a leather belt around Julie’s
waist with cuffs at the sides of it. Wanda easily pulled the weakened
Julie’s arms to her sides and buckled then in the cuffs with the backs
of the palms of Julie’s wrists against her sides. Tanya came over
with a long belt and put it around Julie’s elbows and tightened the belt
forcing Julie’s elbows together in front of her body. This made Julie’s
upper arms and shoulders arms so painful that Julie let out a loud scream.

Suzanne stood in front of Julie and said, “You are going to be placed
in an upright position with all your weight on your knees. You will
be belted to the wall just enough to keep you up right and have your entire
weight force your knees into the hard floor. A rope will be fastened
to the strap around your elbows if you lean forward or slump, the pressure
on your upper arms and shoulders will be increased. Once Tanya and
Wanda have you properly secured I’ll check your bondage and tighten your
elbows to be sure that you are experiencing enough pain to drive the demons
from your body during the night.”

Julie was quickly bound to the wall. Suzanne came over and tightened
Julie’s elbow strap to the point that Julie was now screaming. Suzanne
stood back and gave Julie an evil grin. “There that is painful enough
that it should get rid of some of the demons tonight.”

Julie spent a most painful night from her knees digging into the hard
concrete of the floor and feeling like her shoulders were going to be dislocated
at any time. Julie screamed for a long time and then fell into a
stupor knowing nothing but pain.

The next thing Julie knew was Suzanne saying, “It’s morning. Today
you go up on the cross. Except for what I will do to you, all you
will do is hang on the cross today. Of course the night will be more
painful.”

Julie would have had some thoughts or some words to say but she was
too exhausted to do either. When Tanya and Wanda released her from
her bondage Julie could offer no resistance. Soon she was hung up
on the cross with only her wrists tied to the arms of the cross.

Suzanne came over to where Julie was bound, hanging on the cross.
She had a large needle and several rings. “The gods like to have
their mummy slaves ringed. They like golden rings to be placed in
the mummy’s nose, nipples and clit. I am going to do exactly that
to you right now.”

Suzanne stood on a box and raised the needle toward Julie’s nose.
Quickly she drive the needle through Julie’s septum and seated a ring in
the hole and locked it closed. Suzanne drove the large needle through
each of Julie’s nipples and locked rings in them. Finally Suzanne
used pair of forceps on Julie’s clit, drove the needle through it and ringed
it. Julie thought, “God! I’m glad that is over. Now I can hang
here and rest. Even though it is painful I can endure this a lot
easier than what has been done to me.”

As usual Julie thought wrong. Suzanne said, “There you’re properly
ringed. Now it is time to put some special brands on your body.
The gods don’t like a lot of marks on your body but they want a few special
marks to show that you belong to them. First I am going to brand
your breasts. Then I am going to brand your thighs. The breast
brands will be the outline of a sun around your nipple signifying purity.
There will be a brand on each of your thighs just below your pussy indicating
you may be entered only by the gods.”

Julie saw Suzanne drag over a brazier with coals in it. She saw
Suzanne place and iron in the coals. Suzanne waited until the iron
was white hot. She picked it up and carefully measured the distance
to where the brand would be applied on Julie’s right breast. As Suzanne
pushed the brand into Julie’s right breast there was a sizzle and the pungent
odor of burning human flesh. Suzanne held the iron in place for a
few seconds as Julie let out the loudest most inhuman screech that the
three woman had ever heard. Suzanne with drew the iron and there
was the perfect outline of a sun branded around Julie’s nipple with her
nipple in the center of the sun. Suzanne placed the iron back in
the brazier until it was white hot and applied the iron to Julie’s other
breast. This got another resounding inhuman yell from Julie.

Suzanne placed 2 different irons into the brazier when they were white
hot Suzanne placed a brand on each of Julie’s thighs just below her pussy.
This got two more loud responses from Julie. The three women left
Julie hanging on the cross the rest of the day.

When the woman returned to the dungeon it was evening. Suzanne
picked up a container. She came over and dipped an ointment out of
the container. She rubbed the ointment into each of Julie’s ringed
areas and over each of her brands. Suzanne massaged the ointment
deep into Julie’s wounds. When Suzanne finished, she said, “This
ointment will heal your wounds and have you virtually pain free by morning.
Your wounds have to be healed before you can be mummified. Now it
is time to get you in painful bondage for the night. We have to be
sure more demons are driven from your body.”

Suzanne had Julie lie face down on the floor. She fitted
a round bar over the Julie’s thighs about a foot above them. Wanda
and Tanya doubled Julie’s legs and bound them to her thighs with the bar
digging into her calves. Julie’s calf muscles were now in great pain.
Next Tanya and Wanda bound Julie’s arms into painful hammer locks behind
her back. A rope dropped down from the ceiling and was fastened to
Julie’s elbows. The rope was raised in the air pulling Julie’s arms
up from her body raising the upper part of her body slightly off of the
floor. Julie’s arms and shoulders again were in great pain.
This caused the round bar to dig even harder into Julie’s calf muscles
causing her a lot more pain. The only part of Julie’s body that was
in contact with the floor was Julie’s genital area. Julie screamed
but did not have enough energy left to maintain the volume of the scream
and it died in a loud sigh. This time during the night Julie either
passed out or went to sleep.

Julie awakened to see Tanya and Wanda stuffing her unbound body into
a large container and locking it. Suzanne yelled ”now you get the
cold and heat treatment to drive the rest of the demons from your body.
There will be ice piled around this container to cool it and ice water
will drip over your body from the top. Then tonight the process will
be reversed infra-red light will heat the container and very hot water
and steam will enter the container from the top”. Julie didn’t know
whether she could stand this treatment, but she knew that it was the end
of the torture part of her preparation.

Immediately ice water began to drench Julie’s body, Julie at first felt
refreshed then she began to shiver. Julie became colder and colder
her body was one constant shiver in reaction to her cold climate and her
ice water shower. Julie’s body approached the point where the cold
causes consciousness to leave the body and then passed it. Julie’s
metabolism slowed and Julie went into a sort of suspended animation.
The next thing Julie knew was it was beginning to get warmer. Julie
regained her senses there was heat in the container and hot water dripping
on her body. At first the heat felt good to Julie as the coldness
left her body. Then it began to get really hot. The heat became
unbearable. Julie felt as she being suffocated by the heat. She began
to sweat and the moisture began to drip out of her body. In order
to maintain the fluid level in her body at a high enough level to sustain
life, Julie had to drink large quantities of the hot water that was dripping
into the container in which she was locked.

When the hot water stopped dripping on Julie, Tanya and Wanda opened
the container and picked Julie up and carried her over to a kind of bench
in the center of the room. Julie was so weak from her cold and heat
treatment that she was as a limp as a wet dishrag. Tanya and Wanda
spread Julie’s legs wide, bent her over the table and strapped her waist
tightly to the table. Julie’s wrists were tied behind her back and
pulled painfully up into the air behind her body.

**Part III**

Suzanne came in and said, “You’ll be glad to know that the torture part
of your preparation is complete. We have now driven as many of the
evil demons from your body as is possible with torture. We will now
cleanse the inside and outside of your body. This will remove any
remaining evil demons and prevent your body from becoming infected while
you are mummified.”

Tanya and Wanda came over to Julie. Tanya positioned a one and
a half quart enema bottle high above Julie’s ass, while Wanda did the same
thing with another filled bottle above Julie’s head. Suzanne said,
“Tanya is going to stick a butt plug in your ass while Wanda buckles a
pump up gag in your mouth. Tubes from the bottles will run through
the plug and the gag. The solution in these two bottles will cause
your entire body to experience unending cramps. The cramps will continue
until you are able to expel the liquid from your body. Tanya and
Wanda will open the clamps to allow the fluid to flow into your body while
we go upstairs and relax. You will retain the liquid for at least four
hours before we will permit it to be expelled from your body.”

The clamps on the tubes were opened. Julie felt a warm liquid
flow into her bowels. At the same time liquid streamed into her mouth,
down her throat into her stomach. Julie’s body began to jerk and
cramp. Continuing cramps causing unbelievable pain wracked Julie’s
body. Julie jerked back and forth, up and down, on the table.
Nothing would relieve the painful cramps that were coursing throughout
her body. There was nothing Julie could do to stop her body from
shacking or to alleviate the pain from the cramps.

The three women returned and Julie thought to herself, “Finally I can
get rid of these cramps.” Tanya and Wanda stood well back and removed
the plugs from Julie’s mouth and ass. Immediately liquid sprayed
from both openings with the same force as lava being expelled from an exploding
volcano. When the eruptions died a shower of soapy water descended
with force from the ceiling washing everything away. When Julie and the
entire area had been sanitized Wanda and Tanya again hung enema bottles
in place.

Suzanne said, “This time you are going to receive a liquid that will
put the inside of your body on fire. It will be similar to a hot
pepper enema only worse.”

Immediately Julie felt as if the entire inside of her body was on fire
and red hot pokers were being run through her stomach and intestines.
Julie was again left in pain for four hours. The women returned,
sanitized Julie and the area and then bound Julie in a buck and gag position
for the night.

The next morning Suzanne said, “Today you’ll be glad to know that you
will get 2 milder enemas one will be oil and the other will be a liquid
that will calm and sooth the inside of your body. After that the
outside of your body will be cleansed and you’ll be ready to begin the
mummification process.”

Julie suffered the two invasions of her body by 2 more liquids.
This time Julie felt much better when she was put in the buck and gag position
for the night. Bright and early the next morning, Tanya and Wanda
strung Julie tautly spread eagled standing in the center of the room.
They spent a long time massaging liquid into every pore of Julie’s body.
The process actually turned Julie on and got her hot. Even though
Julie begged them to allow her relief the two women ignored her request.
They hosed Julie down with soapy water and every bit of the hair on Julie’s
body washed down the drain. Next Tanya and Wanda got brushes with
mildly stiff bristles and began to brush Julie’s entire body down with
another liquid. When they finished they again sprayed Julie down.
Julie’s body was now a rosy red. Julie was put back into the buck
and gag position for the night.

**Part IV**

The next morning Julie was again spread eagled, standing in the center
of the room. Suzanne came over with a large jar of ointment. Suzanne
brushed Julie down from head to toe with the concoction. As the compound
was brushed onto Julie’s skin, her body turned a rich coppery color.
Julie's body actually began to shine as the compound covered every square
inch of her skin. When she finished Suzanne said,” There that will
seal your body a little and at the same time when the compound hardens
it will be very hard for you to bend your body except at the hips and shoulders.
In an hour or two as soon as that stuff hardens I will put you on the table
and have Tanya and Wanda mummify you”. Julie was left hanging there.

Now that Julie realized the worst of the torture was finished, she was
becoming very turned on by the thought of her body being unable to move
and being locked into the mummy form. Julie had forgotten that if
Suzanne held true to form that there was one more thing that would be done
to her. As turned on as Julie was she would definitely not like it.
Sometimes ignorance is bliss. Julie hung there realizing that her
coat of shiny copper colored ointment was beginning to harden. It
became harder and harder for her to move a muscle except at her shoulders
and hips. Julie wished one of the women would come in and bring her
to climax. It was not to be.

The three women came in and took Julie down from her spread eagle position.
They placed her on the table. Julie found that she could not move
enough to provide any real resistance to what would be done to her.
Suzanne said, “Originally the victim’s lips, pussy and asshole were sealed
by a really sticky resinous substance. I am going to change from
the original process of sealing your bodies three orifices by sealing them
with surgical glue. Tanya and Wanda can do that while I go upstairs
and get something I forgot to bring down with me.”

Tanya went over to a cupboard and picked up a bottle of glue.
She did not notice that she had picked up a bottle of super glue rather
than the surgical glue that was on the front of the shelf. Tanya
figured one bottle of surgical glue is as good as another. She came
over and brushed the glue on the surfaces of Julie’s lips. Wanda
helped her press Julie’s lips together for a few seconds. When they
released Julie’s lips they were tightly sealed together. Soon Julie’s
pussy and asshole were sealed in like manner. Tanya put the bottle
of glue back in the cupboard without ever having looked at it.

Suzanne returned and said, “I see Tanya and Wanda have done a good job
of sealing the openings to your body. No evil spirits can enter through
them now. The gods want your body openings sealed until they are
ready to open them and use you. Now to finish the job and make sure
that all three of your openings remain sealed until the gods open them.
I am going to suture your lips, pussy and ass crack even tighter together
with this special thread and needle”. Suzanne positioned herself where
she could sew Julie’s lips together. Suzanne pierced Julie’s lips
with the suture needle. If she could have Julie would have yelled
out in pain. Each time the needle pierced Julie’s lips her body jerked
in pain. Suzanne ran a row of stitches across Julie’s lips and then
returned the opposition direction weaving another web of thread stitched
through Julie’s lips. Julie’s lips now looked like a well sewed seam
in an article of clothing. Quickly Suzanne stitched Julie’s pussy
and ass closed in the same manner. Now instead of body openings all
that could be seen of Julie’s lips, pussy and asshole were three well sewed
seams.

Suzanne said, “Now it is time for me to treat your ears. You’ll
be glad to know I am going to seal a special receiver in each of your ears
with wax. Once your ears are sealed, you will not be able to hear
anything except what comes through the speakers. Even when you are
locked in the mummy form you will be able to hear us when the speakers
are turned on. However, once we lock you in the mummy form we will
turn the speakers off until late Monday when we release you.”

Suzanne proceeded to place a tiny wafer in each of Julie’s ears.
The wafers were filled with microscopic chips that would pick up a signal
from a special transmitter. Suzanne had procured these items from
the hospital. Suzanne prepared a special type of wax based
on an ancient recipe she had read. Suzanne filled Julie’s ears with
the substance and waited for it to harden.

When the wax hardened Julie realized she could no longer hear a sound
from outside her body. She could see the lips of Suzanne, Tanya and
Wanda moving as they talked but could hear nothing. The speakers
in Julie’s ears came to life. Suzanne said, “Julie if you can hear
me, nod your head. I want to be sure this is working.”

Julie nodded her head and again was more turned on than she had ever
been in her life. Julie heard Suzanne saying, “I am going to wrap
your body with a light wrapping of a cloth made from plants that grew in
the jungle by the ancient cultures. This looks like burlap but is
much lighter and more pliable. It is soaked with the same substance
I put on your body. When it dries the cloth covering your body will
become almost as hard as steel. That will only be the first layer.”

Suzanne wrapped each of Julie’s toes and fingers individually with the
wrap. Then each of Julie’s hands and feet were wrapped with the cloth.
Suzanne covered Julie’s limbs with the soaked cloth. Suzanne placed
Julie’s arms at the sides of her body. She wrapped Julie’s feet and legs
tightly together. Then she wrapped her arms to her upper body and
covered Julie’s body up to her neck with several layers of the soaked cloth.
Suzanne placed a tube in each of Julie’s nostrils and said, “These tubes
will allow you to get air from outside the mummy form. They are a
backup precaution. I do not know if the original life sustaining
air and nourishment systems will be effective. We don’t want to open
this mummy form and find a real mummy. After I fix these tubes in
place I will put a needle in each of your carotid arteries from a container
that should provide your body with oxygen and nourishment for many years
if necessary. Then I will mummify the entire works to your body.”

Quickly Suzanne inserted a needle to each of Julie’s carotid arteries.
Julie immediately felt a stream of energy flow into her body as she was
receiving nourishment from one of the containers. Suzanne proceeded
to mummify Julie’s neck and head with the soaked cloth. She had put
pads over Julie’s eyes so the liquid would not get into them and Julie
would be able to see nothing. Suzanne was satisfied with the first
layer she had applied to Julie’s body. The 3 women left and the cloth
began to harden further compressing Julie’s entire body. When they
returned the cloth had hardened and Julie could not move a muscle.
Suzanne said, ”now I’m going to wrap your body with a really heavy cloth
soaked in the same substance. This will compress your body even more
when it hardens”. Julie’s body was quickly covered with wide strips
of the heavy cloth. When it hardened Julie felt her body being compressed
until it was hard for her to breathe. At the same time Julie was
incredibly turned on.

Suzanne said, “In an hour or two when that hardens we will then add
the final layer of mummifying substance. It is a clay substance that
when subjected to heat will be virtually impervious to damage. It
is a good thing I have the neutralizing solution here or we would never
be able to break you out of the cask of clay”.

When the second layer of cloth hardened Julie heard Suzanne saying,
“It is time for the final layer to be added. I am now going to apply
the clay cask to your body.”

Julie felt the outside of her body being covered with a cool, thick
substance. When Suzanne was satisfied that Julie’s entire body was
properly covered with the clay. She said, “We’re going to leave you there
overnight for the clay to properly harden.”

Julie was left for the night. She really felt mummified and thought,
“Why do they have to put me in the mummy form. This should be good
enough for them. Julie’s thoughts continued if I could just concentrate
I could probably experience an involuntary climax.” Julie came very
close to being able to get off but could not quite reach climax.

The next thing Julie knew she heard Suzanne saying, “Good this clay
is as hard as steel. We are going to lift you into the mummy form.
You’ll be glad to know that your body will be resting on a plastic substance
and the top of your body will be covered with the same substance.
When the lid closes it will force needles to inject the plastic with an
activator that will completely fill the steel mummy form and compress your
body even more.”

Julie felt her body being lifted and placed into the form. Then
she felt an incredible pressure on her body as the plastic was activated
and became solid completely filling the mummy form and pressing against
it with quite a bit of pressure. Of course the same pressure was
applied to Julie’s now mummified body.

Julie heard Suzanne saying, “Wanda get the pins and put them in the
holes to lock the lid of Julie’s mummy form in place. Make sure you
turn the pins counter clockwise. If you turn them clock wise they
will lock them in place and we will have to drill them out. We don’t
want to waste our energy having to do that.”

Suzanne and Tanya left Wanda to finish locking Julie into her mummy
form. Wanda got the pins she inserted a few and turned them
to the left. The pins seemed to Wanda to be too loose. Wanda
thought, “These pins are so loose, I must be turning them the wrong way.”
Wanda decided to try turning the pins in the other direction. This
time there was a click and the pins locked solidly into place. Wanda
thought, “That’s more like it.” Wanda inserted the rest of the 100
pins and locked them in the same manner.

Julie heard Suzanne saying, “With a lot of effort we can carry Julie
up to the living room and use her mummy form for a table. She will
know she is being of service to us while she is mummified.” Julie
felt movement and then heard a loud clunk as she was deposited on the living
room floor in front of the couch to be used as a coffee table.

Julie heard Suzanne say, “This is Thursday afternoon we will release
you sometime Monday afternoon.” Then there was silence as Suzanne
turned off the speakers in Julie’s ears.

Julie was so turned on that this time she was able to have one of the
most explosive climaxes she had ever experienced. During the next
several days Julie experienced several more of the very explosive climaxes.
Mean time Suzanne, Tanya and Wanda went about their business using the
mummy form for a table when they relaxed and watched TV. The days
passed quickly for the 3 women and much more slowly for Julie. After
Julie had her last climax, the time began to drag as she could not get
high enough to have another one. Her body was too exhausted from
the sensory overload of the climaxes or the sensory deprivation of input
from the outside world. She didn’t know which.

Julie heard the speakers come to life. Suzanne was saying, “It
is time for us to get you out of this mummy form”. Suzanne fitted
a screw driver into the slot on the pins and tried to turn them.
“That’s funny these pins won’t turn. Wanda are you sure you turned
these pins counter clockwise?”

“I turned them one way and they seemed too loose. I turned them
the other way until they clicked.”

“You turned them the wrong way and they are locked. We will have
to drill them out. Tanya go down to the dungeon and get the drill.”

Shortly Tanya returned and handed Suzanne the drill. Suzanne plugged
it in and drilled on one of the pins. After several minutes she turned
off the drill. There was not a mark on the pin. Suzanne tried
drilling on another pin with the same result. Just as Suzanne put
down the drill there was a knock on the door.

Tanya opened the door and there was a very short man wearing very thick
glasses standing there. He said, “My name is Ed may I come in.
This is about the mummy form M107A that you ordered.”

“Please come in. What is the problem?”

Julie herd Ed say, “Ah! Unh! There has been a mistake. Instead
of sending you the temporary model M107A we sent you the permanent model
M107X. If you wish we will be glad to change them at no cost to you.”

Suzanne replied, “We have a person mummified in it we were just trying
to drill her out of it. What do we do now?”

“Oh dear this is awful. I need to call the company. Give
me a few minutes.”

The 3 women and Julie listened to Ed mumble into the phone unable to
understand what Ed was saying. Ed closed the phone.

“There is nothing that can be done now to get the person out of the
form. He or she is locked permanently into it.”

Julie heard these words and went into total panic but there was nothing
she could do. She could not even wiggle a finger. She yelled
and screamed but it was all mental.

Ed continued “The Company as given me permission to offer each of you
one million dollars for your trouble and we will dispose of the mummy form
and body there will be no questions for you from the law. We will
take care of that.”

Julie was astonished to hear Suzanne say, “If the company is willing
to offer us each one million dollars I bet it will give each of us three
million dollars.”

Ed picked up the phone and spoke for a few seconds and said, “The Company
will not give you each three million dollars their final offer is for each
of you to receive 2 million dollars tax free if you will permit me to give
you each a certified check right now.”

“Suzanne said, “Done!”

Ed wrote each of the women a check for 2 million dollars. The
checks had already been certified all they needed was the amount filled
in and a legal signature.

Ed said, “In a few hours there will be a crew here to pick up the mummy
and take care of it for you” Ed left.

Suzanne said, “Julie, I’m sorry there is nothing else that can be done.
We may as well enjoy the fruits of the labor of getting you mummified.
I don’t know how long you will last. You could last a month or an
eternity only you will know. Goodbye.”

Suzanne turned off the earphones. In short order a crew came and
carried out the form containing Julie. In a few days the mummy form
was shipped to a popular Central American Resort. In a few more weeks
it was put on display. In one year the company almost got back the
entire 6 million dollars it paid for the mummy from paying visitors to
the attraction. Every dollar paid by a visitor from now on would
be mostly profit. As to Julie only she knew if she was a living mummy
or a real mummy.
