---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Conventional Affair
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- F+-f+
- bond
- chastity
- public
- leash
- armbinder
- gag
- collar
- clamps
- buttplug
- cuffs
- oral
- toys
- climax
- sybian
- tease
- denial
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2024-10-27 00:00:00
---

### Part 11

Of all the different types of foreplay that she had experienced in her admittedly short life, Brianna Wilde well understood that anticipation could often be the greatest. *That* was a truth written into her very bones as both of her mistresses were keen and eager disciples of the technique. From the very first time she had shared their bed, to their most recent encounter, her lovers were experts at weaving subtle words, teasing touches and whispered implications together in a way that never failed to capture her imagination and drive her wild. Indeed, very nearly all of her most intense and erotically charged memories involved being bound and gagged and left to stew helplessly in her own thoughts, shivering beneath gentle and teasing touches as a potent combination of uncertainty and eager want drove her to all new heights of arousal. Honestly some nights the sex was almost an afterthought compared to the games that preceded it and might have even felt trite if not for the fact that all of her lovers were also experts at working her body like a symphony and making her scream just a loud. Which probably made it a good thing that she loved gags so much or else the neighbors would have even more to talk about. And yet, even as memories of those times brought a familiar blush to the blue-haired girl’s cheeks and coaxed a smile from around the bit in her mouth, the anticipation she felt at this very moment felt different somehow. More profound, more *real* in a way that she could not explain, or at the very least much more intense. Elise’s offer echoed unbidden through her mind again and again, the easy and teasing smile that the young dominatrix had worn as she invited her newfound companions back to her room standing in sharp contrast to the almost uncertain expression she had shown just a moment earlier. Her offer was vague, euphemistic even, but utterly unmistakable despite that.

Very nearly stumbling as she lost herself in thought, Brianna forced herself to focus, concentrating on her steps as she reluctantly tore her gaze away from Roxanna’s shapely backside, especially the way the woman’s corset both emphasized her waist and left her shoulders bare, and glanced at Claire to see the busty redhead happily trotting at her side with an eager, almost hungry, expression on her face. A hint of things to come, or so the blue-haired girl hoped. It was honestly unfair just how beautiful the older woman was, not that Brianna didn’t have plenty of experience with beautiful older women of course, but where her mistresses seemed unearthly at times in their allure there was something so straightforward and so much more visceral about Claire. Her poise, her carefree confidence, and her lush figure were all familiar and captivating enough but there was something else, something undefinably irresistible about the woman that had caught her eye from the very first moment they had met. To be perfectly honest it was almost shocking how much the bound girl found herself wanting the redhead, the sweet torture of being so very close and yet unable to touch both driving her mad and conjuring up memories of sitting perched in that lap as they had lounged in the pool together, cool water contrasting with warm skin as generous breasts pressed against her back and gentle arms circled her waist. While the chastity belts they had both been locked into that night had prevented them from going any further, much to their mutual frustration she was sure, at least she had pictures to remember the experience by. Though even then she deeply regretted not trying to steal a kiss at the very least. After all, while things had ultimately worked out in an exciting and very pleasant way, and she had even stolen that kiss eventually, there had always been the chance they’d never see each other again.

Mulling over that night, and all that had followed, the blue-haired girl almost stumbled once again at the sudden realization of just how little time had actually passed between now and then. Had it really been less than a *day* since they’d met? It didn’t seem possible. It felt like weeks had passed at the very least given all the moments that Claire had shared with her, but it was still true. It had been less than twenty-four hours since that fateful meeting in the lobby despite the fact that Brianna felt as if she had known the redhead for years at this point. Was it just a quirk of circumstances? Shared desires and appetites mixed with just a touch of mutual lust? She’d bonded quickly with her mistresses after all, even if that *was* something of a unique circumstance, and she’d been taken with Claudia almost instantly as well. Maybe she’d simply always been quick to form bonds, or maybe she really was a psychic vampire. Grinning ever so slightly around her gag at that idea, even as she fought down the urge to chuckle, the blue-haired girl found her thoughts wandering back to her girlfriend. Not for the first time she regretted not being able to invite the slender, tattooed girl on this marvelous adventure of theirs and longed to have that familiar and comforting presence at her side. Eager to both share these new experiences and absolutely certain that the other girl would have wowed everyone with her own stunning confidence and incredible flexibility. It was also amusing to think of how Claudia might react to all that had happened, and all that was still happening. Then again, knowing her Brianna could easily imagine her girlfriend diving headfirst into the pool as naked as the day she was born and eagerly stepping up on stage to be bound and displayed like a kinky prize. Hell, at this very moment she’d probably have been enthusiastically crawling along in her own bitchsuit side by side with Elise’s pet, wagging her tail happily and letting her tongue hang out in that oh so suggestive way of hers, the twin studs pierced through pink flesh hinting at all the things she was capable of doing with it.

Feeling a new pulse of arousal settle between her legs at that thought, a situation not at all helped by the way her harness’s crotch strap pulled tight against her aching clit with each and every step, Brianna’s blush deepened as she forced herself to straighten up again. It felt as if they had been walking for hours even if it had been no more than ten or fifteen minutes in truth, the crowded and colorful melange of the convention floor slowly giving way to the no less crowded but far less colorful thoroughfares of the hotel’s first floor before finally tumbling into the dim and maze-like hallways beyond. It was familiar enough territory given her explorations the day before, but the blue-haired girl could not help but be taken by how different it felt. Bit by bit the crowds and their appreciative gazes had thinned into nothing and part of her could not help but think it a shame. The exhibitionist thrill that had been practically seeping into her bones all day fading with them as she was marched past row after row of identical doors, the sepia-toned wallpaper and ornamental bamboo light fixtures lining the walls little more than a blur in the background. And yet, despite it all, the rest of her was far too preoccupied by the new thrill racing through her veins to care, an achingly familiar tension tightening in her chest as the sweet anticipation of the moment grew thinner and thinner and *thinner*, every fiber of her being pulled as taut as a piano wire as the insistent tug on her leash urged her on. So much so that by the time they reached Elise’s room, the pale brunette pausing just long enough to flash a brief smile over her shoulder as she moved to unlock the door, Brianna was practically trembling in her bondage, the heat of arousal clear on her skin as she struggled within the confined of her armbinder and carefully wet her lower lip around her gag.

To be perfectly honest she wasn’t exactly sure what she had been expecting upon being ushered through that shadowed doorway, but as her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting beyond she realized that it had not been this. As her mistresses carefully guided her past the foyer and into the narrow passage beyond, the faint illumination cast by half closed curtains shrouding the room in twilight, the blue-haired girl felt a strange sense of disappointment. In her mind’s eye she had conjured up all sorts of fantastical images. Visions of whips and chains hanging from the ceiling and fetish outfits meticulously laid out for future use, perhaps even a cage tucked away in a corner or another helpless submissive tied down to the bed, naked and ready to be used. *Something* to better match the powerful, dominant persona that Elise projected with such sensual ease and effortless assurance. Yet at first glance it was simply a room, practically a mirror of the one she and her mistresses were staying in on the fifth floor in fact though, she supposed, that should not have been a surprise. It was comfortable to be certain but utterly mundane as well until, upon closer inspection, small details began to catch her eye. Like the small collection of cuffs and gags and other toys laid out on the coffee table alongside with what looked like a vibrator, or the length of rope casually tossed over a small couch, as if it had been hastily thrown there after being untied. Or, most exciting of all, the realization that the dark shape sitting in the center of one of the roughly made beds was a bundle of black leather covered in straps and buckles. A rather familiar sight all told, and one that suggested someone had spent the night mummified in a sleep sack. Little hints, or in the case of the rather impressively sized dildo on the nightstand, not so little hints of the true nature and kinky predilections of the inhabitants.

As she grinned at the sight, the anticipation she had felt earlier returning full force, the sound of a door closing drew Brianna out of her introspection and, turning her head to the left, the blue-haired girl watched as Elise slipped past with her own playthings in tow. Maneuvering carefully around discarded bits of clothing, the pale brunette first guided Claire down onto one of the beds, the older woman rocking her hips ever so slightly to enjoy the sensation of the plug shifting within her even as her mistress carefully removed the reins from her bridle and tossed the polished leather aside. Smiling softly at the display, Elise reached out and ran the back of her hand against one of the redhead’s blushing cheeks, eliciting a quiet moan before turning away and dropping down to one knee to guide her pet onto her haunches. A sigh of relief escaped the latex-encased woman’s wrenched open mouth as she was finally allowed to rest stiff limbs, her back arching sharply in silent invitation and another sigh of sheer relief following when strong but gentle hands began to stroke the length of her spine and massage the sore muscles of her shoulders. Only then did the pale brunette finally turn her attention back to her guests, an almost sardonic smile curling her lips as she continued to caress the tightly bound woman huddled on the floor next to her.

“Apologies for the mess,” Elise finally offered, a clearly amused glint visible in those stormy gray eyes, “but please, make yourselves at home.”

“No need for that.” Roxanna assured as she gently disentangled herself from Brianna’s side, momentarily allowing her fingers to linger on the tightly bound girl’s hip as she limped toward the bed and took in the various items scattered about with an amused expression, “Besides, it would seem as if you and your lovers had a great deal of fun last night. I find myself rather curious, and rather jealous.”

“I had a lot of fun.” Elise admitted as she allowed her own hand to slip down her pet’s back and playfully cupped her tight ass, the utter adoration in the woman’s pale blue eyes as she moaned and shivered beneath her mistress’s touch plain to see, “Whether or not these two had any fun… Well, that’s a matter of perspective I suppose.”

“I see.” Roxanna allowed, her half smile momentarily shifting into a smirk as she carefully lowered herself onto the bed next to Claire, placid expression never once wavering despite the audible pop of her hip, the stress of walking for so long in stiletto heels finally showing itself. Despite that, however, her posture remained the picture of elegance as she settled into place and turned her gaze on the redhead, deep brown eyes sparkling with a heady mix of knowing amusement and barely concealed desire as she lifted a hand as if to touch the other woman before pausing to regard the young dominatrix again, “May I?”

“Be my guest.” Elise offered with an almost negligent wave of the hand, the nonchalance of her words and the grin on her face belied by the sheer intensity of her gaze as she watched the pair like a hawk.

Still smirking, especially at the way the tightly bound redhead blushed beneath her attention, the heavy collar she was wearing forcing her to keep looking ahead despite that, Roxanna’s expression softened ever so slightly. Despite her obvious enthusiasm and clearly adventurous nature, it was also readily apparent that Claire had probably never been dominated by anyone other than her mistress, at least not for a very long time, and as much as the woman longed to be touched some part of her was nervous as well. Adopting a much warmer and far more reassuring smile in response, a smile that was achingly familiar to Brianna as she watched the scene unfold within the embrace of Sofia’s strong arms, the scarred beauty reached out to take her newest plaything by the hips and leaned closer. So close in fact that it almost looked like they might kiss. It was not to be, however, and almost despite herself the blue-haired girl felt disappointed. Claudia aside of course, she had never actually watched either of her mistresses play with anyone else, not seriously in any case, and in that moment she deeply lamented that fact. Watching as Roxanna’s fingers glided over the tooled leather of Claire’s corset, short-trimmed nails threatened to open the clasp holding the incredibly tight garment shut, before turning her attention to the sun-kissed skin beneath was one of the most incredibly arousing things she had ever witnessed. A moment only made more intense by the feeling of Sofia’s own latex-clad fingers stroking her stomach and down the delicate arch of her pelvis.

Smile suddenly sharpening at the way the redhead giggled and squirmed beneath the touch of her fingertips, especially as she allowed them to glide up the delicate skin of her sides and over the curve of her generous breasts, Roxanna chose that moment to pounce, cupping one of those firm but delicate mounds and squeezing, gently at first but with ever increasing vigor as she began to fondle the other woman in earnest. For her part Claire eagerly surrendered to the sensation, thrusting her chest out as she threw back her head as far as her collar would allow and *moaned*, eyes closed and hips shifting in place as she desperately tried to stimulate herself, the bells dangling from her nipple clamps chiming softly with each ragged breath as she practically begged for more. Roxanna was more than happy to oblige, taking the bound woman’s other breast with her free hand and kneading them both roughly, soft fingertips finding sensitive spots with almost preternatural skill.

“What a sensitive thing you are.” the olive-skinned woman practically murmured as she leaned in even closer to place a gentle kiss on a tanned cheek and gave those captive breasts another squeeze, clearly enjoying the sudden gasp along with the deep and throaty moans that followed, “And all natural as well? Impressive.”

For her part Claire just shivered and tilted her head back, eyes clenched shut and practically whimpering as she begged, “Pmmnphm!”

“And these clamps are so *tight*.” Roxanna continued as she planted a series of feather soft kisses up the woman’s jaw, each and every touch of her lips eliciting a shudder, before worrying an earlobe between pearly white teeth, “Here, let me help you...”

Claire barely had time to register those words, much less brace herself, before the hands that had been massaging her breasts so expertly shifted and a pair of once gentle thumbs slipped under the cruelly tight nipple clamps she had been wearing for most of the day, popping them off in one smooth motion. For a brief moment the sensation did not register, the sharp and sudden pinch lost in the shock of the moment, but soon enough the redhead cried out, a shriek somewhere between a scream and an orgasm escaping the bound woman’s throat as blood rushed in to wash away the almost pleasant numbness that had settled into those delicate nubs to leave her throbbing and stinging. Despite the flush that colored her face and chest, to say nothing of the way her nipples hardened in obvious excitement despite the pain, the redhead still tried to twist away but Roxanna’s grip did not falter. Indeed, if anything the olive-skinned woman’s grasp only tightened as she held the trembling, moaning woman in place, trailing a new series of kisses along freckled shoulders as she worked her way down that generous chest to soothe stinging flesh with soft lips and delicate tongue.

Her own face heating up even more intensely as she watched her mistress work, especially given the deep and utterly erotic moans escaping Claire’s throat despite her gag, Brianna’s body was practically throbbing now as she began to unconsciously grind her ass against Sofia’s hips. Clearly amused, the blonde responded in kind and allowed her hands to drop even lower, fingertips brushing against the sensitive skin of the girl’s inner thighs. And yet, as she bit down on her own gag to try and stifle a moan and very nearly lost herself in that pleasantly distracting sensation, the sound of cloth hitting the floor heavily made the blue-haired girl start. Jerking upright, she instinctively glanced to her left to see that at some point during the show Elise had stood to her full height and allowed her jacket to slip off slim shoulders and down equally slender arms to leave her pale torso exposed, along with the string bikini top covering her modest bust. It was odd, especially given the midriff baring outfit that she had worn on stage, but it was only now that Brianna realized just how *perfect* the brunette’s body actually was. Flawless ivory skin and jet black hair contrasting beautifully while slender curves belied a perfectly hourglass figure that was highlighted marvelously by the belts dangling from her hips and the tight trousers sheathing her legs. Try though she might, the blue-haired girl found that she could not look away even if she had wanted to.

Smiling softly at the way hazel eyes roamed over her figure, obvious aware of the effect she was having on the blue-haired girl, Elise’s gray eyes seemed to flash in the dark as she stared back with laser-like intensity before practically sauntering across the room, an impish grin curling her lips as she moved closer and closer. Grin morphing into a teasing smile then, the young dominatrix idly brushed a few strands of hair back over her ear, the motion drawing attention to the bracelets of studded leather and silver chain around her wrists, “What do you say, Blue? Enjoying the show?”

Brianna managed a tiny nod, an entire kaleidoscope of butterflies taking flight in her stomach at the soft, smoky tone of the woman’s voice, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

Still smiling, especially at being called mistress again, Elise leaned in even close until her lips practically brushed against the blue-haired girl’s ear, her voice now little more than a husky whisper, “What do you say we put on one of our own?”

Before she could even *begin* to respond, a shiver of delight racing up her spine at the promise hidden in those simple words, Brianna felt the arms circling her waist tighten. Nipping at the bound girl’s other ear playfully, Sofia grinned as a quiet chuckle rumbled in her chest, “A most intriguing offer, my friend. I would hear more.”

“Well, it seems to me that Blue has been on her feet *all day*.” Elise began, her piercings glinting in the dark as a playfully wicked smile curled lips and she took Brianna’s leash with one hand, slowly wrapping the leather around her fingers before pulling sharply, “And that armbinder is so *tight* her shoulders must be killing her.”

“Perhaps.” Sofia allowed, the blonde’s smile never once fading as she played along, “But what can be done?”

Tugging on the leash again until the blue-haired girl was forced to hunch down and meet her gaze, Elise’s smile would have put the devil to shame, “How fortunate that we just so happen to have a bed available for a bit of… *relaxation*.”

“Fortunate indeed.” Sofia replied as she finally loosened her embrace and offered Brianna one last kiss on the cheek even as her hands still lingered on the bound girl’s hips, “Do be gentle with our girl Ms. Elise, but not *too* gentle.”

“Oh, I won’t.” the brunette promised, that smile of hers turning positively shark-like as she stepped back to gently pull the blue-haired girl out of her mistress’s grasp.

Trembling in anticipation, and just the slightest hint of trepidation at the dark promise reflected in those stormy gray eyes, Brianna nonetheless offered no resistance as she was led, step by mincing step, between the two beds and past the sight of Claire still moaning and writhing beneath Roxanna’s ministrations as the olive-skinned woman continued to assault her ample bosom with clever hands and delicate lips. A sight which sent another shiver of excitement down the blue-haired girl’s spine and straight to her throbbing sex as she was well aware of just what her mistress was capable of when she put her mind to it. Honestly she almost pitied the redhead given that the older woman was still locked firmly in chastity and completely unable to relieve the throbbing need that had to be building within her if the blush decorating her skin and the increasingly desperate tenor of her moans was any indication. An experience with which Brianna was also intimately familiar, truth be told. However, before she could lose herself in those pleasant memories, or the sudden longing to join in, the grip on her leash tightened again as Elise took hold of her collar and guided the blue-haired girl down onto the empty mattress. Moaning softly as the motion pushed her butt plug in even deeper, and vision utterly dominated by the pale brunette now practically looming over her, the bound girl dared to look up and meet those eyes, the unspoken question written on her face clear despite her gag. Rather than answer, however, the other woman simply smirked and crawled onto the bed herself to settle behind her newest plaything.

Gasping softly as slender hands fell gently onto her shoulders, Brianna sat stock still as strong fingers began to massage her sore muscles, a quiet moan escaping her throat as she practically melted into that touch and the cramps that had begun to form from wearing such a tight armbinder for so long began to fade. In fact, she grew so relaxed that she was caught completely off guard when the tight leather that had been binding her arms and forcing her elbows together suddenly gave way, her body practically uncoiling like a spring as the tension instantly slackened. Elise ignored that reaction however. One by one the young dominatrix just continued to loosen the straps locking the monoglove in place as she carefully slid the buttery soft material down Brianna’s arms, freeing them from their confinement. However, before the girl could react to her sudden and unexpected freedom, she felt her companion shift and she was again caught off guard for a second time when a slender and surprisingly light body suddenly swung into her lap. Grinning at the rather stunned expression she received in response, Elise just laced her fingers sinuously behind the girl’s neck and leaned in to press their lips together. A motion made somewhat awkward by the bit still clenched firmly between Brianna’s teeth, but well worth the effort just the same.

Eyes widening ever so slightly, and then sliding shut again, a tiny moan echoing in her throat as she reveled in the feeling of those lips, the blue-haired girl eagerly gave herself over to the soft, silky and surprisingly gentle sensation of that kiss. However, when she instinctively tried to embrace the slender figure perched on her thighs she could only gasp again when strong hands almost instantly took her by the wrists, stopping her.

“Tsk, tsk Blue,” Elise corrected, tone gentle but firm, before nipping at the girl’s lower lip and tugging almost painfully, “I touch you, you don’t touch me.”

Hissing softly even as she moaned at the sensation of teeth pressing into her delicate flesh, Brianna managed to murmur an apology before the brunette kissed her again and forced her arms to her sides with a strength that was almost surprising for such a slender figure. Lifting herself up onto her knees ever so slightly, Elise then leaned forward until her chest was pressed up against the blue-haired girl’s, their bodies dovetailing perfectly as the sensation of so much soft, ivory skin against her own drew another quiet cry of pleasure from Brianna’s throat. However, before she could enjoy the situation for long the dominatrix leaned even more sharply, the sudden shift in weight making the blue-haired girl lose her balance and topple backwards onto the bed. Crying out into her gag, more in surprise than panic, the breath was practically driven from her lungs as she hit the mattress hard and Elise’s body sprawled out atop of her own, pinning her in place. Grinning in a way that almost broke character, the pale brunette slowly lifted herself up onto hands and knees and forced Brianna’s arms over her head, pinning them there even as she darted in to steal another kiss, holding the position until she felt the blue-haired girl go limp beneath her in a gesture of utter submission.

Then and only then did she flash a much more playful, if somehow *sharper*, smile and lean back to straddle her plaything’s beautifully splayed out body, moving quickly to bind her wrists to the corners of the headboard with a conveniently placed set of leather cuffs. Although mildly bemused to bound again so quickly, Brianna did not resist as the restraints were snugged down to ensure she could not escape and her arms were stretched wide into a partial spread-eagle. Arching her back almost instinctively, she pulled against the chains with all her might, muscles going taut and limbs trembling as they strained against her bonds but to no avail. No matter how hard she tried she could barely move leaving her completely and utterly at Elise’s mercy. A fact that sent a new pulse of heat racing through her veins, goosebumps rising on nearly bare skin as the brunette’s stormy gray eyes looked down on her as if she were starving and the blue-haired girl was a five star meal.

As if to emphasize the point, Elise slid backwards yet again until she was left straddling Brianna’s waist and then leaned in to plant a kiss on her now exposed neck, sucking almost hard enough to leave a mark as teeth nipped playfully at delicate skin. By themselves the touch of those lips was almost electric, but it honestly shocked the newly re-bound girl just how much she *wanted* to be marked, to be claimed, to be *owned*. Throwing her head back as far as she could, practically burrowing into the pillow and offering her throat in an act of pure surrender, the blue-haired girl whimpered as those lips began to trace a line of fire down her chest, the curiously pleasant sensation of Elise’s piercings scraping against her skin along with the passage of an equally pierced tongue tracing every contour of her rib cage an utterly intoxicating one. Elise did not stop. With maddening, and certainly deliberate slowness the brunette allowed her hands to drop down onto her plaything’s hips, short and well polished fingernails tickling sensitive skin as she worked her way lower and lower and *lower* with her mouth, alternating between hot, hard kisses and almost delicate pecks as she marked a path between Brianna’s breasts and across her stomach. Grinning almost triumphantly at the look of utter desperation in her plaything’s half-lidded eyes, the blue-haired girl practically whimpering as she bucked her hips and *begged* for more, the dominatrix sat up suddenly and spent a long moment simply admiring her handiwork, gray eyes drinking in the sight of rock hard nipples capped by silvery shields and flushed skin marked by a meandering trail of her lipstick. However, rather than dive in to begin teasing the poor girl again, Elise instead scooted back even further until she sat between Brianna’s widely splayed legs and began to untie her boots.

Despite how tightly they had been tied, dexterous fingers made quick work of the laces and pulled the faux hooves from the blue-haired girl’s feet one by one, tossing the polished leather aside almost casually before massaging well-turned calves and slightly swollen ankles with a deft and soothing touch. Although well trained, and equally well experienced, Brianna had often found that her pony boots were among the most demanding pieces of gear that she owned given the strain they placed on her feet and the way they forced all of her weight onto her toes. Sexy to be certain, but uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time no matter how much she adored the way they altered her posture and emphasized the muscles of her legs. As such, no matter how much she had enjoyed showing off for all the world to see, she was also grateful to be free of them after what felt like hours of walking on hard concrete, and moaned in delight as Elise worked her muscles with obscene skill. Indeed, the tension seemed to flow from her body as she relaxed beneath that heavenly touch and the blue-haired girl began to wriggle her toes playfully as she felt fingers glide down her calves and over the arch of her feet. It was at that point that another set of cuffs was suddenly buckled around her ankles. Both surprised and yet not, Briana lifted her head from the pillow to watch as the restraints were buckled snugly in place and her legs were forced apart as far as they would go before being chained to the bed, completing the spread-eagle and leaving her body helplessly taut. Moaning again as a new rush of heat suffused her skin, the realization that she was now truly and completely helpless only excited her more; the blue-haired girl arched her back and practically writhed within her bonds, twisting and squirming and very deliberately putting on a show.

Not that her fun lasted for long.

Glancing over her shoulder to where Sofia was watching from the shadows, her arctic blue eyes almost flashing in the half light, a slender smile suddenly curled Elise’s lips as she offered the blonde a playful wink and climbed back onto the bed with slow and sinuous grace. Crawling across the mattress with a deliberately provocative shake of the hips, the slender brunette’s grin only sharpened as she moved to straddle Brianna yet again, looking down almost imperiously at the bound girl before actually sitting on her chest. Gasping as the unexpected weight of that perfect ass drove the air from her lungs for a second time, but helpless to escape just the same, the blue-haired girl could only lay still as hands reached down to cup her face and card through her hair before moving to unbuckle her bridle and gently, almost teasingly, draw the bit from between her teeth.

“Having fun, Blue?” the dominatrix asked as she carefully set the gag aside and again moved to caress that pale skin, the pads of her thumbs gently stroking delicate cheekbones as she did.

Shivering in delight even as she craned her neck to lean into that heavenly touch, Brianna managed a tiny nod as she worked her jaw, “Yes, mistress.”

“Good girl.” Elise practically whispered, her smile softening even as a gently teasing note entered her voice, “Such a good girl. Now, say *ah*.”

Shivering for a very different reason, a new blush coloring her cheeks at the suggestive glint in those stormy gray eyes, Brianna did as she was told and parted her lips. Not satisfied with that, however, the dominatrix suddenly grabbed her by the chin and squeezed ever so slightly, forcing her mouth wide open and shoving a ring gag behind her teeth. Lifting her head to allow the gag to be tightened, the blue-haired girl let out a soft and shuddering moan as the leather straps cut into her cheeks and a delicate finger traced the outline of her wrenched open lips. Pleased by the reaction, Elise offered her plaything a positively *smoldering* grin, eyes full of promise, before suddenly glancing to her side, drawing the bound girl’s gaze with her. Just across from them Claire was lost in the throes of her own passion, her body sprawled out on the other bed, tightly bound arms pinned behind her and legs spread wide as she arched her back in a way that looked almost painful. Eyes clenched shut she moaned and whimpered around her gag, writhing against her bonds in desperation as Roxanna continued to play with her. Looking shockingly disheveled, the olive-skinned woman perched between those inviting thighs as she eagerly kneaded the redhead’s breasts with one hand and massaged the generous curves of her ass with the other, all while peppering freckled shoulders with kisses and tracing sun-kissed skin with her tongue. Breath catching in her throat, Brianna found herself utterly entrance by the tableaux unfolding before her, the heat between her legs growing almost unbearable as she rocked her hips within the confines of her own bonds, heart pounding in her chest and muscles quivering as her body tightened around the toys filling it. She knew of course that her mistresses were passionate, she had felt that passion often enough and eagerly wrapped herself in its warmth as she worshiped their bodies and was worshiped in turn, but this was something else. Roxanna was usually so much more restrained in her affections, at least until the mask was finally shattered. To see her so raw, so… *uninhibited* was a rare treat indeed and watching the olive-skinned woman practically ravish Claire, despite the bound woman’s chastity belt, was so arousing that the blue-haired girl could barely stand it.

Elise certainly seemed to agree, the faintest of blushes coloring those delicate cheekbones as she worried her lower lip between pearly white teeth, nipples standing out proudly through the thin material of her top. Rolling her hips unconsciously as she drank in the sight of her slave moaning and writhing beneath another woman’s touch, the pale brunette suddenly speared Brianna with those stormy eyes of hers. Feeling very much like a rabbit caught in a wolf’s gaze, the blue-haired girl swallowed heavily and trembled as she watched the young dominatrix slowly reach up to untie the bow sitting at the back of her neck. In one smooth motion her top fell away, exposing slight but shapely breasts and the slender stainless steel rings pierced through her nipples. Rings that were almost identical to the one decorating her lower lip. Grinning at the blue-haired girl’s reaction, Elise carefully reached behind her back to untie the second bow holding the bikini in place and casually threw it on the floor to leave herself completely bare from the waist up save for the choker around her neck. Her expression the very definition of bedroom eyes, the brunette cupped her own breasts then, squeezing softly before allowing slender hands to roam down the contours of her body and caress the lines of her flat stomach before finally settling onto surprisingly curvy hips. Every ounce of her attention still locked onto the display, Brianna swallowed as the woman then began to unbuckle the studded belt around her waist and slowly, teasingly opened the zipper of her skintight pants to reveal that she was not wearing anything underneath.

“Quite the show, eh Blue?” Elise asked in a low and husky voice, the unexpected question shattering the moment and making Brianna jump despite the chains binding her limbs and the weight holding her down.

Swallowing again, the blue-haired girl managed a nod, “Yeh, nhihghuehh.”

Smiling seductively, the motion drawing attention to the slender ring and twin studs pierced through her lower lip, Elise tugged her zipper down just a bit more, “But we can put on a better one, can’t we?”

Letting out a helpless, shuddering moan Brianna nodded, much more vigorously this time, “Yeh, nhihghuehh!”

Lips twitching ever so slightly, Elise lifted herself up onto her knees and wriggled her hip to work her pants down just enough to expose her cleanly shaved sex and reveal another slender ring pierced through her clitoral hood. Eyes drawn to that piercing, well understanding exactly what the dominatrix was suggesting, Brianna felt herself tremble in anticipation as the brunette shifted forward and pressed herself down onto that captive mouth, voice cast into a low and seductive purr, “Then show me.”

The suddenly overwhelming scent of the other woman’s arousal driving her absolutely wild, Brianna tentatively reached out to explore those delicate curves and folds, the tip of her tongue running up and down the lips of the brunette’s labia and tentatively swirling around her hard and eager clit, the contrasting sensation of hard metal and soft skin a curiously pleasant one. Biting her lip and closing her eyes beneath that delicate yet insisted touch, Elise moaned quietly as she wove her fingers into her plaything’s bright blue hair and shifted her hips to grind, gently at first, against the source of her pleasure. Urged onward by that moan, and feeling a new spike of arousal shoot up her spine, the bound girl pressed a bit deeper, tasting the velvety heat of her newest lover and shivering at the much deeper moan she drew from that slender throat when she began to playfully flick at the woman’s piercing. It was only then that she realized that, other than the night she’s spent with Kiera, she’d never actually performed oral sex on anyone with a genital piercing before. Both of her mistresses drew the line at earrings, even if they very much enjoyed playing with their slave’s piercings, and tongue studs were as adventurous as Claudia got. Though, to be fair, the girl had a *lot* of tattoos to go with them. In fact, now that she thought about it, Brianna realized she was actually the only one of their little group with any body piercings at all. She supposed it wasn’t really all that strange, but some part of her could not help but wonder. Maybe it was finally time to follow through with a tongue piercing of her own? And, speaking of Claudia, maybe she should try and convince her girlfriend to be a bit more… *adventurous* as well while she was at it. That thought actually made her smile, but soon enough the moment came to an end when Elise’s thighs clamped around her head and the fingers woven into her hair tightened almost painfully, the pale woman actually growing deep in her throat as she pressed her hips down even harder.

The dominatrix did not like to be kept waiting it seemed.

Understanding the message loud and clear, Brianna resumed her previous explorations, practically worshiping the slender woman now as she dared to probe deeper, pushing past Elise’s nether lips to properly taste the soft and yet overwhelming heat within. As expected the brunette tightened around her, slick flesh gripping her tongue as if the other woman’s life depended on it, a deep and desperate moan escaping her throat as her trembling frame lurched forward and her eyes slid closed to lose herself in pleasure. While, objectively speaking, she had not been with that many other people, the blue-haired girl liked to think that she was fairly experienced in the ways of love. From that awkward first time in high school to the present moment each and every one of her partners had taught her things, new techniques and new pleasures, some she had barely even *imagined* before, and she had always been keen to learn more. And one of the first and most important of those lessons was that all of her lovers were different. Different in what they liked, different in how they reacted, and different in what made their bodies sing in ecstasy. Even with her mistresses, after more than a year of studying under their *vigorous* tutelage, there was always more to learn especially on those rare occasions when she found herself pleasuring someone new. It was always an adventure, sometimes tedious but always exciting as she explored a lover’s body for the first time, mapping out their most sensitive spots and learning how best to drive them wild. And, if there was one other thing she had learned over the last year it was this: she had yet to meet the woman who *didn’t* enjoy having her pussy licked and she hated to disappoint. A truth that was only reaffirmed as she probed deeper still, lapping eagerly at Elise’s quivering flesh and feeling her lips twitch in satisfaction at the way the woman moaned and began to rock her hips when she finally found a particularly sensitive spot.

Feeling more confident now, Brianna began to swirl her tongue slowly, teasing the brunette with all the skill and precision she could muster as she worshiped those velvety depths with long and uneven strokes. *That* seemed to do it as Elise began to moan deep in her throat this time as she threw her head back and thrust her hips forwards, ridding the blue-haired girl’s face in earnest now as she tightened her grip to try and steady herself. Grinning around her gag now, the bound girl pushed even deeper still, guided by the seemingly endless string of breathy gasps and shuddering moans that followed as she pushed the dominatrix to the edge. The woman, so commanding and in control, slowly coming undone beneath her plaything’s onslaught. Still grinning at the irony, she waited until Elise’s thighs began to tremble, her muscles going taut as she struggled to stay in control, and then struck. Withdrawing her tongue in one smooth motion, a cry of protest filling the air as she did, Brianna began to lap at the brunette’s labia with long, smooth strokes this time before swirling the tip of her tongue against a hard and eager clit, pausing only to flick the ring pierced through it in a technique that had never failed to drive her into the deepest depths of pleasure. Working faster and faster and *faster* as the slender figure riding her began to pant and tremble in excitement, Elise struggled to maintain control for just a little longer. An excitement that Brianna found herself sharing as she rocked her own hips in response, unconsciously grinding against her crotch strap and forcing her ben wa balls into a maddeningly pleasurable dance.

Perhaps she had underestimated the effectiveness of her technique, perhaps they were both overwhelmed by the moment, or perhaps she was simply far to used to her mistresses’ unearthly stamina, but Brianna found herself caught off guard an instant later when Elise went from moaning and trembling and rocking her hips in time with the tongue worshiping her to shrieking in delight as she came, every muscle in her body jerking as she arched her back sharply and thrust her weight down so hard that the blue-haired girl almost felt herself being smothered by that quivering flesh. And yet, despite the sheer intensity of her orgasm and the volume of that rapturous cry, it was equally obvious that the dominatrix was not so easily satisfied. In a move that was almost as surprisingly as the speed with which she came, before the shock wave of her first climax had even begun to dissipate Elise tightened the grip of her thighs and let out a deep, almost animalistic growl, wordlessly demanding more as she began to grind roughly against her captive’s helplessly wrenched open mouth.

Brianna was no stranger to demanding lovers of course, Sofia’s own appetites were as impressive as her stamina and even Roxanna had her moments when her blood was up, and so despite that unspoken challenge the girl felt something rear up in her chest. A competitiveness, a need to prove herself that normally only Claudia could awaken within her when the pair of them lay side by side, each trying to overwhelm the other. And so, taking hold of that feeling the blue-haired girl threw caution to the wind and began to lap at Elise’s most sensitive places with abandon, forgoing subtlety and even technique to simply push the pale woman back to the edge and beyond. Still caught in the aftershocks of her first orgasm, it was no difficult task and Elise came again almost instantly beneath the ministrations of that obscenely skilled tongue, crying out in sheer bliss as she clenched her eyes shut even tighter and *howled*. Incredibly, if anything the brunette seemed energized rather than overwhelmed by the sensations, her hips rocking more and more frantically as her breath became little more than a ragged pant. For all of her previous experiences Brianna had never encountered anything quite like this, almost taken aback by how eager Elise was and just how bottomless her appetite seemed, the pale woman riding her harder and harder with each orgasm without once slowing down. Claire had hinted that both she and her mistress enjoyed sex quite a bit, but if anything the blue-haired girl was beginning to think that was the understatement of the century! By the time she had torn at least a half a dozen orgasms from that pale, trembling flesh she honestly wondered if the dominatrix was even human. Whatever her doubts might have been however, eventually even Elise’s stamina reached its breaking point and the woman’s breath seemed to catch in her throat as a shudder wracked her slender frame and she quite literally came undone, a scream somewhere between ecstasy and agony filling the air as one last monstrous climax seemed to shatter her poise and the pale brunette collapsed in a boneless heap.

For a long, *long* moment Elsie just lay there, breath heavy and sprawled out atop the blue-haired girl’s helplessly bound body, a thin sheen of sweat covering pale skin and hair more than a little disheveled. Even so, a tiny smile curled her lips as she slowly brought herself back under control and eventually managed to prop herself up onto her elbows to grin down at her captive, “Such a good girl.”

Eyes sliding closed as she moaned, Brianna instinctively squirmed against the body pinning her down, “Ghanch oou, nhihghuehh.”

Kissing that helplessly gagged mouth and tasting herself there on that pleasantly skilled tongue, Elise let her voice drop even lower, “And good girls get rewards, right?”

Moaning again, Brianna shivered in anticipation even as she strained against her bonds, the heat between her legs almost unbearable now, “Yeh, nhihghuehh!”

“But first,” the brunette teased as she allowed pierced lips to brush along the blue-haired girl’s delicate jaw and nipped at the gauge in her earlobe, “I think our significant others are having far too much fun without us.”

Groaning quietly in disappointment, Brianna reluctantly turned her head to follow the woman’s gaze and once again took in the sight of Claire moaning and writhing in abject desperation on the other bed, Roxanna having moved to straddle the redhead’s waist at some point as she helped herself to a double handful of that impressive bust and laid a series of kisses along the what little of the tightly bound woman’s throat she could reach around that high leather collar of hers. Taking in that admittedly alluring display, eyes glued to her mistress in particular, the blue-haired could certainly agree that it looked like *someone* was having fun, but she very much doubted it was Claire. The chastity belt that still imprisoned her aching sex was clearly visible leaving the panting and writhing figure absolutely *desperate* for a release that was not coming, much like the redhead herself. Grinning ever so slightly at that thought, Brianna looked up to see a familiar sparkle of mischief in Elise’s stormy gray eyes. *That* was the look of a woman with *plans* and she honestly did not know if she should envy or pity whomever they were aimed at. Glancing down again and taking note of the look on her captive’s face, the pale brunette just grinned and pressed one last kiss to the blue-haired girl’s lips before somewhat awkwardly pulling her pants back into place and rolling onto the edge of the mattress. Still topless, she spared a moment to gather her bearings before placing her hands on her knees and levered herself upright on shaky legs. A fact which left Brianna feeling just a bit smug as she watched the slender woman practically saunter the short distance between the beds and lean down to run her fingers through Claire’s messy red hair, the older woman leaning instinctively into that touch even as she continued to squirm beneath Roxanna’s relentless affections.

Shaking her head in amusement, Elise just grinned, “I do hate to interrupt, but would you mind terribly if I borrowed her for a moment?”

Sitting up with obvious reluctance, revealing in the process that her own breasts had popped out of her corset at some point, the olive-skinned woman still managed a slender smile even as she very deliberately did *not* remove her hands from Claire’s chest, “Far be it from me to deny you such… *pleasant* company.” pausing then to give the redhead a playful squeeze, Roxanna’s smile widening, “Besides, she belongs to you, does she not?”

“Indeed she does.” the brunette agreed, expression softening ever so slightly as she continued to massage her slave’s scalp, “Indeed she does.”

Whimpering quietly as she twisted into her mistress’s touch, Claire’s eyes fluttered open at last, a sharp blush coloring her features as she pressed her tits even more firmly into Roxanna’s grasp and began to strain against the confines of her armbinder, desperation clear in her voice despite her gag, “Pmmnphm, mnphphrmphph! Pmmnphm!”

“Now, now slut,” Elise chided, even as she watched Roxanna at last slacken her grip and climb off of the older woman, “Good girls have to earn their orgasms. You do want to be a good girl, don’t you?”

Groaning almost pitiably now, Claire seemed to deflate before finally closing her eyes and nodding her head, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

“There’s my good girl.” Elise soothed with a much more genuine smile as she helped her slave into a sitting position and embraced the older woman loosely, voice dropping into a low and breathy purr as she allowed her lips to brush against a freckled cheek, “Ready to earn your keep, slut?”

Smiling around her gag almost in spite of herself, Claire nodded again, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

Brushing a stray strand of auburn hair back over the woman’s ear, Elise said nothing as she darted in for a quick kiss and took her slave’s lower lip between her teeth to tug playfully. Moaning softly at the sensation, the sudden sting turning her on even more, Claire shivered beneath her mistress’s attentions only to cry out in surprise when the brunette suddenly levered herself upright and pulled the tightly bound figure she was holding along with her. Legs shaking and head spinning as she was suddenly forced to balance on her hooves again, the redhead was given no time to recover as she was practically pulled across the room and forced to lay down on her stomach between Brianna’s widely spread legs. At the same time she felt familiar fingers brush the hair from the nape of her neck and unfasten her collar. Groaning in relief, and finally able to move her head again, the older woman stretched as best she could and looked up at the splayed out expanse of her fellow slave’s body. Meeting the blue-haired girl’s hazel eyes and smiling at the fierce blush painting her features, she allowed herself a moment to take in the sight of Brianna’s nearly naked form, chest rising and falling with almost ragged breaths as tiny moans escaped her enticingly wrenched open mouth. Grin widening at the raw *need* painted on that flushed face, a need that the redhead well understood, Claire unconsciously licked her lips around her own gag, well aware of what she was being asked to do and more than eager to comply. Not content to leave things as they were however, Elise suddenly took hold of her slave’s legs, forcing calves and thighs to meet before securing her ankles to her inescapably tight armbinder with a pair of steel shackles and leaving the poor woman in a helplessly secure hogtie. Satisfied with her work, the young dominatrix smiled as she lowered herself down onto the bed, crossing her legs as she perched on the edge of the mattress and twisting her body to reach out and run a finger along the curve of Brianna’s hip, just skirting the edge of the crotch strap protecting what was left of the girl’s modesty and playing with the buckle holding the slender strip of leather taut.

“What about you, Blue?” she asked, voice airy and yet teasing, as if she did not care what the answer was either way, “Ready for that reward?”

Shivering at the way those short-trimmed and well-polished fingernails brushed against overly sensitive skin, Brianna nodded almost frantically, “Yeh, nhihghuehh!”

Smiling sharpening at the heady mix of utter desperation and eager hope in that reply, Elise twisted in place to sit more comfortably and set her free hand on the blue-haired girl’s leg, tracing up the curve of her thigh while continuing the tease the sensitive skin between her legs. Eyes dancing with almost cruel amusement as Brianna moaned and whimpered and writhed beneath her touch, fighting her bonds with almost frenzied intensity, the young dominatrix eventually chose to show mercy. Unbuckling her captive’s harness, the brunette gently pulled soft leather away from heated skin to expose the girl’s wet and aching sex along with the shiny stainless steel stud of her triangle piercing glinting amid that pink flesh and the blue roses tattooed onto her pelvis.

“These are beautiful.” Elise practically whispered as she spared a moment to trace those tattoos lightly with her fingertips, “I knew you had some ink, but I really couldn’t see it earlier. They suit you.”

Shivering beneath those fingers, and the sensation of cool air rushing over heated skin, Brianna managed to force out a reply even if she desperately wished the other woman would touch her in more… *delicate* places, “Ghanch oou, nhihghuehh.”

“And your skin is so *smooth*.” Elise continued as she worked her way just a bit lower to tease the edges of the bound girl’s practically throbbing pussy, “No stubble, no razor burn, no irritation. I’m honestly jealous.”

Closing her eyes Brianna arched her back and groaned as she tried to buck her hips, honestly convinced at this point that the young dominatrix was trying to kill her even as she pleaded, “Chueahe no nhoue!”

Clearly aware of the effect she was having, a tiny and ever so slightly cruel smile curled Elise’s lips as she slid a pair of fingers into the blue-haired girl’s body, smirking at the way those intoxicatingly soft inner walls tightened around her as she probed deep. Finally, after what felt like an eternity of that maddening exploration, the brunette gently pulled the ben wa balls from her plaything’s desperately tight grip one after the other. Examining the size and weight of the glistening steel toys Elise quirked a brow curiously, “No wonder you’re so eager Blue. These had to have been driving you crazy.”

Face heating up, Brianna just whimpered ever so softly and let out a plaintive moan, “Chueahe!”

Leaving the butt plug, and the tail trailing from it, in place as she set the ben wa balls aside Elise leaned down to press a kiss just above the blue-haired girl’s hard and eager clit, the feeling of those soft lips drawing yet another despairing whimper from the helplessly bound figure. Smiling at that reaction, the brunette turned her attention back to Claire, running her fingers through the woman’s fiery mane with one hand as she began to remove her bridle. Pulling the bit from between her teeth and prompting her slave to look up with those soulful blue eyes of hers, Elise smiled warmly this time and gently cupped a cheek, “What about you, slut? Doesn’t she just look good enough to eat?”

Practically purring at the sensation of that warm palm caressing her skin, Claire worked her jaw a few times and offered an impish grin of her own, “Absolutely, mistress.”

“Such an eager little slut you are.” Elise mused as she again brushed a few stray strands of hair out of the woman’s face and back over her ears, “Be sure to work her slowly, and don’t let her cum until I say.”

That order seemed to awaken something in the redhead, an almost cruel smile curling her lips as she looked up to meet Brianna’s eyes, “Of course, mistress. Your wish is my command.”

A shiver running down her spine at that look, the blue-haired girl could do little but watch as Claire crawled even closer despite her bonds, eager anticipation written on the woman’s face and her grin growing into the faintest of smirks as she leaned in and slowly ran her tongue along the edges of the blue-haired girl’s pussy. Moaning deep in her throat, her ring gag utterly failing to silence her, Brianna went stiff as a shudder wracked her tightly bound frame, limbs quivering as she struggled against the chains holding her down and rocked her hips almost desperately, begging for more and whimpering helplessly as the redhead refused to grant her wish. It was impossible to say how much time passed, no more than a moment or two most likely, but it still seemed like an eternity of being teased, her entire body practically on fire with want as that cruel tongue continued to trace sensitive skin but refused to touch her aching core. As such, the helplessly bound girl was caught almost completely off guard when Claire suddenly switched tactics, lapping at the lips of her labia with short, quick strokes and playfully flicking the piercing through her clit. Overwhelmed by that incredibly pleasant sensation after being teased for so long, Brianna moaned in welcome relief and arched her back as sharply as she could, thrusting her hips forward and practically *pleading* to be allowed to cum after what felt like hours of being edged. And yet, Claire proved herself to be frustratingly obedient to her mistress’s command and she simply continued to work the bound girl’s flesh with almost obscene precision, all the while holding her right on the crest of that peak. Even when the woman probed deeper, lapping at the blue-haired girl’s inner walls and practically massaging her clit with maddeningly pleasant undulations of that marvelously talented tongue, Brianna still found herself denied climax somehow.

Some part of her had known that Claire *had* to be skilled, she could not have served a mistress as utterly insatiable as Elise otherwise, but experiencing it for herself was still a shock. While her own mistresses had certainly teased her more thoroughly, and definitely more expertly given their intimate familiarity with her body, no one had *ever* edged her so vigorously while controlling her reactions so firmly. It would have been impressive if it wasn’t so frustrating and soon enough the blue-haired girl found herself driven practically mad with want, reduced to little more than a panting, writhing, moaning mess as her splayed out frame thrashed within its bonds. Elise certainly seemed pleased with the results, a thin smile tugging at her pierced lips and the faintest trace of lust returning to those stormy gray eyes as she ran a hand down Claire’s side to playfully squeezed her ass. A motion that the woman appeared to appreciate given the way she shook her hips in response. Smiling fondly now, the brunette leaned down to kiss her slave on the shoulder and idly caress the taut leather that held her arms in an impossibly tight reverse prayer before wordlessly climbing back to her feet and slowly turned her gaze on Sofia.

Despite standing in the shadows at the edge of the room, a blush decorated the blonde’s cheeks as she watched the scene unfold and the young dominatrix’s grin sharpened as she ran a hand through her hair, completely heedless of the way the motion drew attention to her bare breasts and made the slender rings pierced through her nipples stand out. Extending her free hand in silent invitation, an invitation that Sofia accepted without hesitation, the brunette drew her latest catch out of the darkness and across the room. Light playing across the shiny latex covering the woman’s statuesque frame as they walked, Elise twined their fingers together and smiled far more encouragingly as she moved to sit at Roxanna’s side again. Taking hold of Sofia's generously curved hips once she had settled into place, the brunette pulled her down onto the bed as well before twisting her slender figure until she was practically sandwiched between the two older women. For a heartbeat the trio just sat in silence, the tableaux highlighted only by Brianna’s increasingly frantic moans and the quiet yet clearly excited breathing of the latex clad figure still hunched at the foot of the bed watching silently. As if some unseen signal had passed between them, an almost seductive grin suddenly curled Sofia’s lips as she drew the zipper of her catsuit down, the tight material parting almost eagerly to leave both her shapely breasts and a wide swath of toned stomach exposed, the thin sheen of sweat glistening on that silky skin betraying just how long she had been encased. Looping her free arm around Roxanna’s waist in the same motion, the blonde quickly pulled her lover close and drew her into a hungry kiss, virtually crushing Elise between them as she did.

Despite the tortuously pleasurable distraction of Claire’s tongue, Brianna found her gaze drawn to the sight, completely unable to look away as her mistresses began to make out with ever increasing vigor as if they were a pair of teenagers, their rising passion on clear display as Elise took advantage of her position to explore both of their bodies in turn. Soon enough the pale brunette was drawn in as well as both Sofia and Roxanna returned the favor, the trio slowly losing themselves in a storm of soft lips, heated skin and questing hands. Marked by quiet moans and sharp breaths, the blue-haired girl found herself utterly entranced, a new spark of desire lighting within her chest despite her current position. So much so that her entire body seemed to twitch in response and Claire was forced to ease back on her own enthusiastic efforts in order to maintain control. Straining against her chains again, Brianna moaned in frustration as that tongue continued to work her most sensitive flesh, longing for release as she watched Sofia mold herself against Elise’s back, planting kisses along pale shoulders while strong hands sought out the slender woman’s breasts and Roxanna took advantage of the distraction to thrust her tongue deep into the dominatrix’s mouth. Seeing the woman who had so effortlessly bound and teased and ridden her submit to her own lovers in turn was arousing enough, but listening to the sounds that escaped the slender figure’s throat as she was drawn into the olive-skinned woman’s lap very nearly pushed her over the edge. Honestly, the blue-haired girl almost came then and there when the dominatrix suddenly pushed back, taking control of the kiss and forcing Roxanna onto the defensive before fondling the elegant woman’s equally elegant breasts with one hand and caressing her shapely ass with the other.

And yet, for all that the moment seemed to last forever, Sofia chose to end it just as suddenly, taking the brunette by the wrists and pulling the younger girl from her lover to spin her around for a quick kiss, “Enjoying yourself, Ms. Elise?”

Rising blush clearly visible on her pale skin, Elise spared a moment to catch her breath, biting her lip to suppress a moan when Roxanna reversed their earlier position to cup the younger woman’s breasts once again. Still, she rallied quickly enough and shot the blonde a playfully grin, “Your lover is a wonderful kisser.”

“That she is.” Sofia agreed with an almost impish smile of her own as she leaned in so close their lips nearly touched, “Anything else?”

Not at all phased by the action, Elise gently freed her wrists from the older woman’s grasp, “Well, you both have great tits.”

That prompted Roxanna to chuckle deep in her throat as she allowed her hands to slide down the dominatrix’s smooth stomach, eliciting the faintest of shivers as she took hold of shapely hips, “Also true.”

“Nature may not have been kind to me in that regard.” Elise quipped, a new grin tugging at her lips as she arched her back to lean into the olive-skinned woman’s touch, “But I like to think of myself as a connoisseur.”

“I certainly cannot fault your tastes.” Sofia allowed as she turned her hips and twisted her shoulders, putting her body even more deliberately on display, “Although, perhaps you might be willing to do something for me in return?”

Allowing her eyes to roam over the blonde’s shapely torso, Elise smirked, “And here I thought I already was.”

Sofia ignored that, but bit her lip as a rare look of indecision crossed that sun-kissed face, “I find myself curious to experience the skills of a professional for myself.”

Lifting an elegant brow, Elise regarded the other woman curiously, weighing those words carefully as she disentangled herself from Roxanna’s grasp, “Well now, I can’t say you struck me as the submissive type.”

“Perhaps not.” Sofia allowed as she flashed a brief smile, “Let us say I have… learned a few things about myself recently.”

“Oh my.” Roxanna practically purred, faux scandalized as she shifted around Elise’s slender frame to regard her lover with an amused half smile, “I had no idea you enjoyed the experience so much, *stríngla*. How very *interesting*.”

Although the faintest of blushes darkened the blonde’s cheekbones, Sofia still managed to return that smile before glancing over her shoulder at Brianna’s helplessly splayed out form with a playful glint in her arctic blue eyes, “What can I say, *dorogaya*? We are here to try new things, are we not?”

Even through the haze of pleasure clouding her brain Brianna *knew* that her mistress was talking to her even if she could do little but whimper in her current state. She also knew *exactly* what the woman meant by that. In truth it had been little more than a spur of the moment decision, some madness that had taken hold of her inspired by the events of the day and the sight of Sofia’s athletic body sheathed in latex, but as they had stood in that tiny makeshift dressing room the blue-haired girl had felt possessed of the urge to turn the tables. No, she did not think she would ever be able to forget the feeling of putting her mistress into bondage, of cuffing those strong arms behind the woman’s back and silencing her protests with the very same ball gag that had been shoved into her own mouth earlier. It had been utterly *electrifying*, especially when she’d covered those brilliant blue eyes with a blindfold and led her mistress back through the convention center on a leash to show off her newest catch to Roxanna. Still, as much as the olive-skinned woman had appreciated the surprise and been more than happy to play along, Brianna had never even imagined that Sofia herself had been so deeply touched by the experience. It was honestly incredible to contemplate and again the bound girl’s ring gag utterly failed to silence her as a deep and desperate moan escaped her throat unbidden, her hips actually jumping as her pussy clenched hard in sympathetic arousal and for the briefest instant Brianna thought she might actually cum until Claire pulled away at the last second and actually nipped at her clitoral hood, the sudden sensation of the redhead’s teeth tugging playfully on her most sensitive flesh cooling her ardor and eliciting a shocked gasp. A moment later that sinfully soft tongue continued its work, flicking at her piercing once or twice as if in apology before falling back into a familiar and frustrating dance. And yet, as she let out another shuddering moan, the blue-haired girl was surprised to discover that a part of her hoped the other woman would bite her again.

As Brianna’s flush darkened with a hint of embarrassed arousal, Elise took advantage of the distraction to hop into Sofia’s lap, catching the athletic woman off guard and teasing a short gasp of pleasure from her throat when a pale hand traced down her spine to cup her tight ass and another cupped her jaw to force their eyes to meet. Grinning like a wolf staring down a particularly delicious deer, the dominatrix leaned in even closer, “Now, how could I turn down an offer like that?”

Sofia started ever so slightly at that unexpected contact, but before she could respond Elise kissed her hard, thrusting her tongue deep into that warm and willing mouth to silence the other woman. For a brief moment she resisted, but when the slender figure perched in her lap ran an equally slender hand down her throat to cup a generous breast and tweak the already hardened nipple capping it the blonde surrendered, sagging into the dominatrix’s touch and moaning quietly. Grinning into that kiss, the brunette pulled back ever so slightly and slipped off the bed in one smooth motion. Taking hold of Sofia’s hands in the process, she drew the taller woman along with her at the same time and cuffed the blonde’s wrists behind her back before she had even realized it. Practically stalking around her prey now, the tight material clinging to her hips and the high heels of her boots making her ass stand out beautifully, Elise ran her hands over the statuesque form standing before her, smile widening as she traced the curves of well toned muscles and explored the heft of wonderfully firm breasts. Biting her lip to suppress a moan, Sofia tested her bonds as she shivered beneath that touch only to lose control completely when a hand began to glide down her stomach, polished nails teasing sensitive skin before pulling the catsuit’s zipper completely open to fully expose her pussy, nether lips swollen and glistening with arousal.

“I adore strong women.” Elise practically breathed as she allowed her hand to slip lower, fingers teasing the older woman much as she had teased Brianna earlier, “They always make the most *interesting* subs.”

Rather than answer Sofia just moaned again as she closed her eyes and began to rock her hips against those fingers.

“To see all of that strength chained, *tested*. There’s nothing else like it in the world.” Elise continued as she leaned in to place a kiss at the base of the blonde’s jaw, voice dropping into a low and seductive whisper, “Shall we test that strength of yours?”

Sofia just nodded in response, eagerness blazing in her eyes as she was led to the foot of the bed and down onto her knees. Smirking at the sight, Elise spared a moment to run her fingers through the woman's silky blonde hair, and press a kiss to the crown of her head before breaking away and walking over to the tiny closet in the room’s equally tiny hall. Sliding the door open with scarcely a noise, the brunette crouched down and seemed to disappear from view as she rummaged through the contents only to emerge again a moment later dragging the enticing and yet intimidating bulk of a Sybian with her. Pushing the device into the center of the room, and between Sofia’s muscular thighs, the young dominatrix grinned sharply as she took the bound woman by the shoulders and forced her down onto the vibrator until she was practically impaled on the dildo affixed to it. As the toy filled her pussy, her body clenching tight around the intrusion, a low and shuddering moan escaped the statuesque blonde’s throat as those strong and unyielding hands took hold of her waist to shift her hips until something soft pressed against her throbbing clit. Gasping at that sudden contact, the athletic woman offered no resistance then as the padded leather cuffs around her wrists were locked to a D-ring set into the back of the machine. As soon as her arms were secure another set of cuffs was quickly buckled around her ankles, followed by a third set around her thighs, before all of them were similarly locked in place, binding her to the Sybian and ensuring that she could not escape its grasp no matter how hard she struggled. A fact that Sofia seemed to recognize even through the haze of sensation throbbing in her veins as she began to squirm again, twisting and straining as she tested her bonds but finding absolutely no purchase.

Gliding around the woman’s body as if swinging on a pole, Elise slide down to awkwardly straddle Sofia’s lap, stilling the blonde’s struggles by cupping those lightly tanned cheeks with both hands and silencing her with a surprisingly gentle kiss, “Struggle all you want, my lovely. That only makes it better.”

Sofia proved then that even if she had submitted she had by no means surrendered, leaning in to steal a kiss of her own and playfully biting the dominatrix’s lower lip to tug on one of her piercings with a smirk, “And should I escape?”

“I see someone needs muzzled.” Elise quipped with a devilish smile of her own as she grabbed a conveniently placed harness gag sitting next to her knee and unceremoniously shoved the short, thick rubber plug deep into the bound woman’s mouth before pressing the leather panel over her lips and snugging the harness of straps in place around her head and under her chin. Grinning at the way the blonde moaned in response, the faint blush coloring her cheeks betraying her excitement, the young dominatrix brushed her lips against the woman’s jaw and whispered into her ear, “Much better. Now, do be a good girl, won’t you?”

Ignoring the heavily muffled response that followed, the pale brunette just grinned as she slid back onto her heels and sprung up to her full height. Placing a hand on her hip, she spent a long moment simply admiring her handiwork, stormy gray eyes drinking in the sight of Sofia’s taut and toned body squirming and writhing its confinement, the motion making the dark latex sheathing her skin ripple like oil and setting her bare breasts to jiggle invitingly. Grin morphing into something far more mischievous, Elise bent down until she was practically nose to nose with the bound woman. Staring deep into those brilliantly arctic eyes, the corner of the young dominatrix’s mouth quirked up ever so slightly as she took the opportunity to slide a blindfold into place, completing Sofia’s transformation and rendering her truly helpless now. Chuckling at the way the blonde began to shake, twisting her head and shoulders back and forth as if trying to dislodge the blindfold and doing truly wondrous things for her chest in then process, the pale woman simple ran her fingers through that silky soft hair one last time and reached out with her toe to tap the Sybian’s on switch, the device roaring to life with an audible purr. Caught utterly off guard by that sudden and incredibly intense sensation assaulting her, Sofia tensed for the briefest instant before moaning in delight and jerking hard against her bonds. So hard in fact that she actually made the vibrator jump ever so slightly despite its weight, but in the end only succeeded in impaling herself even more thoroughly on the device as it crashed back to the floor. Not that she seemed to mind, arching her back in response and bucking her hips madly, practically riding the machine in frenzied ecstasy as her breath began to quicken and her thighs trembled.

Straining against her own bonds, Brianna threw her shoulders back and lifted her head up off the pillow as best she could, desperate to get a clearer view as she drank in the sight of her mistress’s bound and helpless body, the woman practically thrashing now as the first wave of orgasm broke over her and a heavily muffled shriek worked its way past her gag. It was an image that the blue-haired girl was certain would be forever burned into her memory, a tableaux of such erotic power that for a brief moment she could not be certain if the heat prickling her skin was a result of the spectacle before her or the tongue still working her flesh with such cruel precision. She *had* seen her mistress bound before of course, such as her visit earlier in the year when Roxanna had playfully cuffed the blonde to a chair in “punishment” for misbehaving, or the little game they had played together earlier in the day, but that was just it. Those had been games, this felt *real*. Not the bondage, that had always been real enough, but something deeper, something that seemed like so much *more*. The blonde’s utterly submissive pose as she gave herself over to the not so gentle embrace of the Sybian, the visible strain of her muscles as she fought the myriad cuffs holding her down, the heaving of that generously endowed chest as she panted and moaned in overwhelmed delight, but even all of that paled in comparison to the shadow that Elise cast. Even half naked, the young dominatrix’s pose oozed power, the hand on her hip and the almost cruel smile curling her lips lending her the air of a queen surveying her court and finding her subjects wanting, the strands of dark hair that had worked their way loose from her messy bun standing in sharp contrast to her pale skin and chrome piercings. All of a sudden the brunette turned her head and Brianna felt her thoughts race to a halt as their eyes met, the familiar glint of the other woman’s lip ring sending a shiver down her spine as she smiled. However, the moment was just as quickly interrupted when a loud **thump** filled the air as Sofia’s entire body seemed to spasm in the throes of another orgasm, this one powerful enough to make the woman actually *howl* in ecstasy as she thrashed about. Not that the machine she was riding showed any mercy of course.

Turning back to the blonde, Elise simply placed a hand on the woman’s cheek and gently stroked her hair, “Having fun are we, my lovely?”

Groaning even as she leaned into that touch, Sofia strained her arms and shifted her hips, trying in vain to escape the sensations hammering at her still quivering body but succeeding only in increasing the intensity of the stimulation as aftershocks continued to assault her. And yet, her answer was a surprisingly enthusiastic “Mmh!”

“How *delightful*.” Elise purred, an almost cruel light flashing in her eyes as she nudged the Sybian’s controls with her toe again, setting the device to full power and eliciting a startled shriek from the bound figure, “So sorry, it seems I forgot to turn it on all the way.” That impish smile from earlier returned full force as she leaned in just a little closer to practically whisper into the woman’s ear, “*Enjoy.*”

If she even heard those words over the roar of the vibrator, and the jolt that practically exploded in her brain, Sofia gave no indication as she hunched over and began to rock her hips even more furiously against the source of her pleasure, moaning long and low as she lost herself in that sea of sensation. However, before the scene could unfold any further Elise’s pet chose that moment to make her presence known once again, the latex covered woman moaning almost pitiably around her own gag as she twisted within the confines of her bitchsuit and rubbed her thighs together as best she could, desire plainly reflected in those pale blue eyes and clearly tired of just watching. Glancing down at the slender woman, the dominatrix’s expression actually seemed to soften just a bit in and, leaving Sofia to her own devices for the moment, the brunette smiled warmly as she carefully dropped down to one knee and began to run her hand up and down her slave’s back with slow and gentle strokes. Moaning, in pleasure this time, the tightly bound woman arched her spine into her lover’s touch with remarkable flexibility, lifting her hips up off the floor and dropping back onto all fours again before practically purring as Elise began to caress her neck and stroke her scalp.

“Don’t worry, pet.” the brunette assured as she looped a finger through the other woman’s collar, “I haven’t forgotten about you.”

Whether that was meant to be comforting or threatening was left unsaid, a question hanging silently in the air as Elise levered herself back to her feet even as she remained bent down to remain on the crouching figure’s eye level and half guided, half drug her pet up onto the bed next to Roxanna. For her part the olive-skinned woman, who had been watching the spectacle of her lover being bound and pleasured with quiet yet intense interest, lifted a curious brow and turned to follow as the latex-clad creature was awkwardly led into the center of the mattress and guided down onto her back until she lay with her heavily bound limbs sprawled out suggestively. Looking up at the two women looming over her, what little of her tanned skin that remained visible clearly flushed with desire, the slender figure squirmed a bit as she allowed her pale blue eyes to roam over their topless forms and practically *begging* to be touched. That oddly gentle smile still decorating her face Elise obliged, drawing her fingers between her pet’s modest breasts and down the smooth expanse of her toned stomach, gently tracing the muscles hidden beneath dark latex and making the woman moan in delight.

Still playfully rubbing her slave’s belly, the brunette lifted her gaze to meet Roxanna’s deep brown eyes as her smile turned almost coy, “Enjoying the show?”

For a long, *long* moment Roxanna just sat there, an utterly placid yet somehow amused expression decorating her face as she pondered that question, the silence broken only by the insistent buzz of the Sybian in the background and Sofia’s heavily muffled cries as she came again and again beneath its relentless stimulation. And yet the olive-skinned woman seemed to give that no mind, smiling faintly as she held the young dominatrix’s gaze and silently reaching up to open the clasps of her corset one at a time, “Indeed, Ms. Elise. It has been a most impressive show so far.” as she spoke the final clasp opened with an audible pop and the steel-boned leather sheathing her torso fell away to expose the fact that she wore nothing underneath, “But I am certain that I could enjoy it *more*.”

Before the younger woman could even think to respond, Roxanna rolled her hip to lean to one side and reached down with her free hand to unzip her skirt, the dark cloth to fluttering away to leave her clad in nothing but a pair of silk stockings held up by a slender garter belt and a truly minuscule g-string. Elise certainly seemed entranced, her hand actually stilling as she allowed her eyes to roam over that elegant form, lust and curiosity warring in her expression as she took in the sight of the scars marring the olive-skinned woman’s complexion and Brianna could certainly understand why. While Roxanna had, somewhat unusually, chosen to leave her arms and throat along with a generous amount of cleavage bare in a show of daring that had made the blue-haired girl proud, even the marks left visible by that act could not do justice to the sheer number of scars that she had just revealed. The snake pit of lines on her back that curled around her ribs, the pale splashes of old burns scattered across her entire body along with jagged pockmarks where broken bones had pierced tender skin, and especially the tangle of cuts that savaged her right side in particular and sat in a knot over her hip. A road map of time and pain and even triumph in some strange way. Brianna could well remember the first time she had seen those old wounds, the way her breath had caught in her throat as shock and intrigue had warred with list in her chest, and she could equally well remember many a night spent with Sofia worshiping that body, tracing the olive-skinned woman’s scars with lips and tongue and quiet words of love. An affirmation that no matter what marks her body carried her soul was beautiful. And yet, even through the current haze of lust that enveloped her and made it hard to even think, the blue-haired girl could see that her mistress was less comfortable than she seemed in her current boldness. Confident as she might seem at times, those marks still weighed heavily on the woman and despite the enticing arch of her back or the sultry smile curling her lips there was a subtle unease reflected in those deep brown eyes, an old fear of showing all of herself to someone new. Still, she pushed on despite that, refusing to back down and the blue-haired girl felt her heart swell with pride. Roxanna had long ago confessed that she admired Brianna’s courage, but in truth she did not think she could ever compare to the bold and beautiful women she was fortunate enough to love.

“Like what you see?” Roxanna asked after a long moment, her voice a low and husky purr as she twisted to better display her nearly nude form, and yet even then something in her posture practically dared the young dominatrix to comment.

Elise met the older woman’s eyes and for a brief moment it seemed as if she was about to ask the question so obviously sitting on the tip of her tongue, but the pale figure remained silent despite that, cocking her head ever so slightly as she took in the subtleties of Roxanna’s demeanor and the faint quiver hidden in her voice. Understanding seemed to dawn in that instant and so, rather than answer with words, the brunette simply leaned over her pet’s still prone body to pull the olive-skinned woman into an embrace, the sensation of warm skin pressed against her own almost shockingly pleasant as their bare breasts touched and she claimed those silky soft lips in a kiss. While certainly surprised, Roxanna responded almost instantly, eagerly wrapping her arms around Elise’s slender waist and pulling her close as she deepened that kiss, a brief moment of oddly restrained passion overcoming both women as they explored each other’s bodies.

Eventually, after shifting her grip to cup the olive-skinned woman’s shapely ass, Elise leaned back just enough to break the kiss and offered a playful smirk, “I definitely like what I see, but I *love* what I feel.”

“Flatterer.” Roxanna whispered, the relief in her voice almost palpable despite that as she returned the grin, “And I must say you are also a very talented kisser.”

“I’ve had plenty of practice.” Elise returned before leaning in for another kiss, her smile turning wicked, “You know, it strikes me that since you were kind enough to share your pet with me, the least I can do is return the favor.”

Realizing that her mistress was talking about her, the latex-clad woman still laying helplessly between the pair looked up expectantly, almost desperately, as she squirmed and moaned through her gag, eager to serve and *begging* to be used. Glancing at the splayed out figure, especially at that invitingly wrenched open mouth, Roxanna offered the woman a thin and yet achingly seductive smile before turning back to Elise, “And how could I ever refuse such a generous offer?”

Releasing the olive-skinned woman from her embrace with obvious reluctance, Elise slid back until she was sitting at the foot of the bed, legs carefully folded beneath her slim frame and a truly wicked smile curling her lips, “Then by all means, be my guest. I assure you her tongue is absolutely *divine*.”

Even in her confinement it was obvious that the latex covered woman was blushing at that comment, though at the same time she stuck out said tongue in an unmistakably suggestive manner to reveal the large stud pierced through it. Roxanna certainly needed no further invitation as she immediately levered herself up onto her knees somewhat stiffly to begin removing her garter belts. Once she was finished the olive-skinned woman smiled and began to roll her stockings down her legs, exposing yet more scars in the process, and slide her g-string over her hips to join the rest of her clothing on the floor and leave herself completely naked. It was only then that the woman finally turned her full attention onto Elise’s slave, eyes roaming appreciatively over that tightly bound form as she moved to straddle the slender figure’s equally slender waist. Although the skintight rubber she was wearing certainly left nothing to the imagination, Roxanna could not help but smile appreciatively as she finally got a chance to explore that body up close, noting in particular the tone of the girl’s limbs despite the tight compression of her bitchsuit and the firmness of her stomach as taut muscles trembled beneath her touch to say nothing of the piercings through her nipples and navel that were clearly visible through the thin material. Reveling in the tiny, trembling moans that followed the passage of her fingers, the olive-skinned woman moved to cup modest breasts, biting her lips at the sheer want on display in those pale blue eyes before shifting her knees to pin the young woman down and moving her hips to press her wet and eager sex against those captive lips. There was no command given, none was needed as the now helplessly pinned figure immediately began to worship the older woman’s pussy, that soft and incredibly well-trained tongue lapping at sensitive flesh with wild abandon as she used her piercing to tease Roxanna’s clit with terrible precision. Enough to make the olive-skinned woman actually throw her head back and *moan* with an almost desperate intensity as she clamped her thighs inescapably tightly around her captive’s head.

Taking full advantage of the distraction provided by Roxanna quite literally riding her pet’s face, Elise practically crawled between the bound woman’s already widely spread legs and took hold of those shapely, latex covered thighs to spread them even further. Smiling at the way well toned muscles trembled beneath her fingers as she caressed sensitive skin, the brunette allowed her hands to slowly work their way up, tracing elegantly curved hips and a wonderfully slender waist before working their way back down the planes of a flat stomach to toy with the zipper sitting over the woman’s crotch. Smile sharpening at the way her tightly bound and helplessly pinned slave squirmed beneath her attentions, the young dominatrix spent several long moments simply stroking the poor girl’s pussy through the rubber, teasing her with a deliberately light touch until her hips twitched almost frantically in response. Only then did the brunette finally pull that zipper open in one smooth motion and expose the latex-clad woman’s aching sex to the world, her swollen nether lips and throbbing clit glistening with arousal and studded with a dozen tiny silver rings. Pausing for a moment to allow the tension to build, that thin and yet cruel smile never once leaving her face, Elise at last drew a finger along her playthings most delicate flesh, tracing the curves of her labia while idly playing with those piercings until the poor girl was left writhing in desperation as she strained futilely against her bitchsuit and *moaned* in helpless frustration. That only seemed to amuse the dominatrix more and she spent several long moments simply edging her pet as Roxanna lost herself in the pleasure of the bound woman’s tongue, the scarred beauty rocking her hips and practically panting as she reached up to knead her own breasts and tease rock hard nipples.

From her position, splayed out helplessly and pinned down in an inescapably tight spread-eagle, Brianna found that she could do little but watch as the scene unfolded in front of her. Moaning around her gag as Elise slip a pair of fingers into her pet’s aching body to finally fuck the bound woman in earnest, the blue-haired girl strained against the chains binding her to no avail. It was maddening, absolutely *maddening* to be surrounded by so much pleasure and yet be continuously denied on the edge of a truly monstrous orgasm. To see the bliss reflected on Roxanna’s face as she slowly came undone beneath the latex-clad woman’s tongue, or to listen to Sofia’s muffled shrieks as the athletic figure practically convulsed in her restraints, well and truly pushed to her limits and beyond by the Sybian, but still not be allowed to cum herself. A fact that Claire certainly seemed to pick up on, the redhead increasing the pace of her own frustratingly tender ministrations in response to Brianna’s rising struggles, the passage of that sinfully soft tongue driving the girl into a frenzy as she arched her back and tried to roll her hips but once again the chains holding her made it impossible to do much more than squirm helplessly. And yet, even as the blue-haired girl moaned with deep and desperate intensity, practically begging for release, the older woman somehow remained in complete control, working that pale and defenseless body like a symphony while holding her on the edge of release just as Elise had commanded.

A sly smile curling her lips as she watched the blue-haired girl struggle in quiet desperation as she fought her bonds, Elise suddenly plunged her fingers as deep as she could into her pet’s willing body, twisting her hand to caress those velvety inner walls with her fingertips while teasing that pierced clit with her thumb. As the latex-clad woman’s muscles clenched tight around the intrusion, a deep and desperate moan escaping her throat as she jerked hard against the source of her pleasure, the pale brunette pushed herself up to her knees and wrapped her free arm around Roxanna’s naked body, pulling the older woman close and kissing the back of her neck even as she continued to pleasure the figure trapped beneath them, “Enjoying yourself?”

Biting her lip to stifle a grin, a quiet moan echoing in her throat as the tongue working her found a particularly sensitive spot, Roxanna nodded and then gasped as those pierced lips found her pulse and sharp teeth nipped at her skin.

“You have such a beautiful voice.” Elise practically murmured into the olive-skinned woman’s ear, “I’d love to hear more of it.”

Shuddering softly, Roxanna placed one hand over the brunette’s own, twining their fingers together as she reached down to cradle the latex sheathed head between her thighs and pull that captive mouth even more tightly against her trembling body. And yet, she said nothing and instead simply turned her and pursed her lips as if begging for a kiss.

Elise was certainly happy to oblige, leaning somewhat awkwardly over the older woman’s shoulder and claiming those lips ever so briefly before whispering a quiet and yet unmistakable command, “Cum for me.”

Whether it was that command, or the slender body pressed against her back, or the tongue lapping at her with almost desperate intensity, Roxanna obeyed. Already at the ragged edge of her endurance the woman twisted within Elise’s grasp, thrusting her hips down and throwing her head back as she clenched her eyes shut and shrieked in rapturous delight as she finally came undone. And yet, even as her scarred thighs clamped tight around the latex sheathed figure pinned beneath her and the desperate thrust of her pelvis threatened to drive the girl into the mattress, she did not let up. Rocking her own hips as she desperately rode her mistress’s fingers, the tightly bound woman eagerly drank Roxanna’s fluids and lapped at her quaking flesh with abandon, quickly pushing the olive-skinned woman to a second orgasm and drawing a deep moan from that elegant throat as she lost herself fully in blissful release. As a third orgasm erupted from her companion’s body hot on the heels of the second, every muscle in that shapely frame pulled so taut that the woman was actually shaking as if doused in ice water, Elise withdrew her fingers from her pet’s eager body, much to the slender girl’s disappointment. Pausing long enough to give her slave’s pussy a playful smack when she whined softly through her gag at the sudden loss of contact, the brunette quickly wrapped both arms around Roxanna’s waist, allowing one hand to drop low and still the olive-skinned woman’s hips while the other reached up to cup a breast and *squeeze*.

Grinning at the deep and throaty moan that followed, Elise glanced to her right to look Brianna in the eye, her smile turning a touch cruel as she took in the girl’s helplessly splayed out form, pale skin flushed with arousal, chest rising and falling as she panted raggedly, and face painted with a look of purest need tinged with desperation. It was utterly delicious, but hardly a surprise. Claire did excellent work after all, and had always been *very* obedient. Kissing Roxanna on the cheek without ever once breaking eye contact with the blue-haired girl, Elise gently pulled the older woman away from her pet’s questing tongue and allowed her lips to graze along the olive-skinned woman’s jaw, “Told you she was something.”

Biting her lip to try and suppress a smile, Roxanna nodded as her body began to relax, muscles slackening one by one even as the delightfully pleasant aftershocks of orgasm continued to wash over her.

Tightening her grip to practically mold herself against the olive-skinned woman’s back, hard nipples and the rings pierced through them gently grazing scarred skin, Elise kissed her companion again, “Then again, I should know, I trained her after all. And such an *eager* student she was.”

Swallowing to sooth her throat, and tilting her head ever so slightly as pierced lips brushed over her pulse, Roxanna finally opened her eyes and managed a tiny smile, “Most eager indeed, and with a wonderful teacher no doubt.”

“Now, now flattery will get you *everywhere*.” Elsie promised in a low and husky voice as she nipped playfully at the older woman’s throat, “So what do you say? Has my lovely pet earned a reward?”

Glancing down at the latex encased figure, especially those pleading blue eyes as she squirmed in her confinement, Roxanna smiled gently and stroked the girl’s forehead, “Good work should be rewarded, no?”

“It should indeed.” Elise agreed before briefly turning her gaze back to Brianna, her impish smile returning full force, “Maybe we can kill two birds with one stone. After all, it looks like your girl might just explode if we don’t let her cum soon.”

Following the dominatrix’s gaze, an equally devilish grin suddenly curled Roxanna’s lips, “Why Ms. Elise, I think you may be right.”

For all that it seemed like Brianna had been waiting for an eternity to hear those words, a part of her could not help but shudder at the look the two women were giving her. Those were the sorts of looks that always seemed to haunt her wildest fantasies, and preface some of her most *intense* experiences. As much as she wanted, *needed*, to cum, as much as every fiber of her being was screaming for release and as certain as she was that she might actually *die* if Claire didn’t stop teasing her she also could not help but wonder if that might be the lesser or two evils. Not that she had a chance to voice those concerns. Still, noting the uncertainty reflected in those hazel eyes Roxanna allowed her expression to soften ever so slightly as she disentangled herself from Elise’s grip and climbed off of the latex-clad figure she was straddling to sit on the edge of the bed.

“I will leave them in your capable hands then,” the olive-skinned woman announced before glancing at Sofia’s now madly struggling form as the blonde tried and failed to escape the relentless vibrations hammering into her as she came for what had to have been the dozenth time, “In the meantime I really should see to Sofia.”

“I’m impressed she hadn’t hit her limit yet.” Elise admitted with honest admiration in her tone as she crawled over to perch next to the scarred beauty, “Most of the subs I’ve worked with would have passed out by now. Even Claire, and I’m not sure that slut ever met an orgasm she didn’t like.”

“What can I say?” Roxanna responded, almost airily, as she pushed herself to her feet and limped to her lover’s side on shaky legs before practically wrapping herself around the blonde’s voluptuous form, “My Sofia is built different.”

Despite her current predicament Sofia certainly seemed to appreciate the compliment, tilting her head ever so slightly to nuzzle against the olive-skinned woman’s cheek before she stiffened again, shuddering madly and screaming into her gag as she was lost in the throes of yet *another* orgasm. Smiling in amusement at the display, Elise watched for a moment longer as Roxanna began to caress her lover playfully, fondling her delightfully firm breasts and drawing nonsense patterns on her well toned stomach, before finally hopping to her own feet. Circling behind the other bed, the young dominatrix made of show of stretching and smiled at the way Brianna’s eyes followed her as she bent down suggestively to weave her fingers into Claire’s fiery mane. For what seemed like an eternity she just massaged her plaything’s scalp, grinning at the way the woman practically purred beneath her touch as she squirmed within the confines of her bondage. All of a sudden Elise tightened her grip, almost painfully and jerked her slave’s head back far enough to pull that obscenely skilled tongue away from the blue-haired girl’s aching body. Torn between relief and desperation, Brianna cried out at the loss of contact, not certain if she was thanking or cursing the pale brunette and able to do little but lay there helplessly spread eagle as Claire obediently rolled into her side and twisted her face her mistress. Though, if nothing else, the position *did* offer a splendid view of that equally splendid ass.

Leaning in to kiss the older woman, Elise smiled teasingly, “Well now slut, did you enjoy your little snack?”

Even as Brianna blushed behind her, Claire nodded eagerly as she returned that smile, “Yes, mistress!”

Chuckling softly at her enthusiasm, Elise reached down to cup a full breast and leaned in close, voice pitched into a low and teasing tone, “And would you like more?”

Moaning quietly as delicate fingers began to squeeze her tits in all the right places, Claire managed a shaky nod, “Yes, mistress! Please!”

Adjusting her grip to draw yet another moan from that beautiful throat, Elise leaned in to finally claim the older woman’s lips and thrust her tongue into that sweet and willing mouth. Purring again deep in her chest, Claire closed her eyes as she gave herself over to that kiss, submitting eagerly to her mistress and shivering softly when the younger woman’s free hand began to caress the underside of her chin. After an eternity locked in that blissful moment, the redhead actually pouted when Elise finally pulled away only to cry out in surprise when an impressively sized rubber ball was suddenly shoved into her mouth. Chuckling at the shock reflected in her slave’s blue-gray eyes, the young dominatrix simply tightened the gag down tightly and gave the older woman a playful pat on the cheek, “Now, now slut. You know better than to spoil your appetite.”

Straining almost dramatically against her armbinder in response, Claire shook her head and set her long, red hair flying wildly as she tried to dislodge the gag, struggling futilely until the fight seemed to go out of her. “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.” the bound woman finally murmured before looking up, a tentative sparkle of hope in her eyes, “Mnm N pmmnphm cnm?

Chuckling again, seemingly impressed by her slave’s audacity, Elise adjusted the woman’s bonds to free her from her hogtie while leaving her ankles shackled and forced her into a sitting position, “No slut, you may *not* cum. You’ve had enough for one day.”

That seemed to reignite the redhead’s struggles all over again, a quiet groan of protest escaping the woman’s tightly packed mouth as she began to struggle again, prompting Elise to tweak both of her slave’s nipples and pinch *hard* as she forced Claire up off the bed and practically pulled her across the room by those delicate nubs, both her shackles and the pony boots forcing her to take short, mincing steps. Eyes glazed and face flushed with arousal from that rough treatment, the redhead obeyed as her mistress guided her across the carpet and down into a comfortably stuffed chair hidden in the corner. Dropping down to eye level, Elise shifted tactics and began to massage her plaything’s sore breasts, grinning at the way the bound woman moaned beneath her touch and smile softening ever so slightly as she began to kiss along the edges of Claire’s jaw, prompting the woman to unconscious rock of her hips and push her butt plug in even deeper as she leaned into the pleasant heat of the pale body pressed against her own and reveled in the attention.

“There’s my good girl.” Elise practically cooed as she began to trail her own pierced tongue along the curl of the redhead’s ear, eliciting another beautifully muffled moan and a quiet shiver, “You just sit here nice and quiet and maybe I’ll let you watch.”

Whimpering into her gag now, Claire shot her mistress a truly pleading look but the brunette remained unmoved. With little choice, the older woman looked down as best she could and managed a muffled reply, “Mmph, mnphphrmphp.”

Ruffling her slave’s hair affectionately, Elise said nothing as she straightened up and glanced over her shoulder to offer Brianna another one of those *smiles* that sent a shiver racing down the blue-haired girl’s spine. Practically sauntering back to the bed with a deliberately provocative sashay of the hips, the topless woman said nothing though and just continued to smile as she crawled up onto the mattress to practically loom over the bound girl’s helplessly splayed out body. Dropping so close that their noses were practically touching and shifting her weight to one hand, the brunette’s smile slowly turned a touch cruel as she allowed the fingers of her free hand to trail up the sensitive skin of Brianna’s inner thigh while stopping just short of the pulsing heat that sat at that juncture of the bound girl’s legs.

“Chueahe.” Brianna managed, body shuddering and hips shifting in their confinement as she *begged* the other woman to touch her more, her throbbing pussy practically on fire as every fiber of her being ached with need.

“I see someone’s ready.” Elise teased as she grazed the blue-haired girl’s swollen clit with her fingernails, flicking at the stud of the girl’s triangle piercing and grinning at the desperate moan that followed.

Under different circumstances Brianna might have blushed or begged or even glared at the dominatrix, but wound as tightly as she was the only thing the blue-haired girl could do was strain futility against her bonds as she pleaded, “Chueahe nhihghuehh! *Chueahe*!”

Expression softening ever so slightly, Elise leaned down to kiss the bound girl’s fevered brow and whisper soothingly, “It’s okay, Blue. It’s okay. Just lay back and relax, I’ve got just the thing to make you feel better.”

Brushing a few strands of bright blue hair out of her face, Elise offered the bound girl one last smile before literally rolling off the side of the bed and back onto her feet in a rather remarkable display of dexterity given the extremely narrow high heels she was wearing. And yet, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, the brunette simply turned to face her pet and smiled at the latex-clad woman, a hand instantly falling on a pale hip as she pondered her next step. Whatever it was, the young dominatrix seemed to reach a decision quickly as she reached down to take her slave by the waist and gently rolled the girl over onto her stomach once more. Helping the tightly bound figure up onto all fours, limbs shaky from being bound so tightly for so long, Elise spent a moment steadying the woman before suddenly wrapping her arms around that slender waist and picking her plaything up in a strange parody of a bridal carry. While that was impressive enough given the brunette’s rather slender physique, and Brianna certainly felt her eyes widen at the unexpected display of strength, the latex-covered woman herself seemed completely unbothered as she snuggled up against her mistress’s chest, as if this were the most common thing in the world. Whatever the case though, Elise quickly maneuvered her slave between the two beds and gently set her down until that tightly restrained body was laid out over Brianna’s own splayed out form in a rather *suggestive* position, the slender woman’s latex covered head set between widely spread thighs while her own hips straddled the blue-haired girl’s face in an unmistakably erotic pose. Blushing fiercely at that up close and personal view of the other woman’s *many* piercings as the zipper over her crotch was still wide open, Brianna felt a new pulse of excitement race through her chest as the heady scent of rubber and arousal filled her nose, keenly aware of the fact that the both of them were ring gagged and what that almost certainly meant.

Running a finger down her pet’s spine and making her shiver in pleasure, Elise gave the woman a playful pat on the ass and leaned in close, “Normally I’d see if we could stretch the game out even further, but I think we’ve had enough of that. So go wild you two.”

Despite that clear invitation Brianna still found herself hesitating, some part of her convinced that there had to be a catch, some hidden meaning or obscure command buried within those simple words. And yet Elise said nothing, the brunette simply walking backwards to practically throw herself into Claire’s lap and wrap her arms around the redhead’s neck as she curled up against the older woman’s marvelous breasts and settled in to watch. Her companion certainly proved far less reticent in any case and barely a heartbeat later the blue-haired girl found herself moaning loudly as a soft and slender tongue began to worship her with abandon. A sensation that only became more intense when she felt a piercing begin to swirl around her clit in a maddeningly familiar rhythm. However, as much as she wanted to simply lose herself in ecstasy after being denied for so long, it also became quickly apparent that the other girl did not appreciate the lack of reciprocity, shaking her own hips insistently and pressing down against the captive mouth beneath her as if commanding Brianna to respond. Despite the haze of pure pleasure that threatened to drown her, her entire body pulled taut as she hovered on the edge of an orgasm, the blue-haired girl nonetheless got the message and began to lick the woman in turn, technique quickly falling to the wayside as she lapped madly at that sensitive flesh. It was an interesting experience all told, to explore someone with so many piercings, to feel the numerous rings studding the woman’s labia run beneath her tongue one after the other before toying with the much more ornate piercing in her clitoral hood. Of course, it was not the first time she had been with a partner who had a genital piercing, not even her first time today in fact, but even when compared to her experiences with Kiera or Elise herself the reality of so much metal contrasted with so much equally soft skin felt strangely and intensely erotic. The slender, latex-clad figure certainly seemed to appreciate her efforts as she began to moan quietly even as her tongue never once stilled, those slender hips rocking a much more playfully intensity as she began to ride Brianna’s lips in earnest. Not that she minded as each hitch in the other woman’s breath and each tremble of her tongue sent a new jolt of pleasure deep into the blue-haired girl’s aching pussy.

For what felt like an eternity they just lay there, locked together as they pleasured each other with increasingly frantic tongues, bodies trembling with need and the air filled with the rattle of chains and the creak of leather as Brianna squirmed in her restraints and Sofia fought her own bonds in the background. And yet, no matter how much they shuddered and squirmed and strained against each other neither seemed to want to give in just yet either. In some ways Brianna was again reminded of the nights she’d spent with Claudia, the pair pushing each other to the very brink and yet determined to make the other beg first before surrendering. It was ridiculous really, but somehow the blue-haired girl could not help but grin as she swirled the tip of her tongue around the latex-covered woman’s clit before plunging into that warm and willing body as deeply as she could. As nonsensical as it might be, she was also determined to *win*. Lapping at her companion's velvety inner walls Brianna seemed to find a particularly sensitive spot given the way the bound woman clenched tight around her. Grin widening despite her gag, the blue-haired girl pushed deeper and soon enough the toe slender figure shrieked in delight, tightly bound limbs flailing as she came and wild screams of ecstasy escaping her throat despite being muffled by the blue-haired girl’s flesh. And yet, even as her entire body practically convulsed beneath that sudden onslaught of pleasure, the latex-clad woman somehow maintained her rhythm, lapping madly at Brianna’s clit in turn as if determined to repay what she had been given. That sudden and unexpected surge of sensation shattered what little self control she had left and the blue-haired howled in delight as her entire body arched sharply despite the weight pinning her down, eyes clenched shut and limbs straining so hard against her bonds that for the briefest moment the bed actually seemed to shake.

Her kinky companion was not finished, however.

Taking hold of the opportunity with both hands, such as it was, the latex-clad figure seized the moment and did not let go, bucking her hips now to practically ride Brianna’s tongue to a second orgasm even as she plunged her own tongue deep into the quaking and helpless body beneath her. Arms trembling now as she threw her head back to lift her shoulders up off the bed, the blue-haired girl *screamed* as the other woman began to lap at her most sensitive flesh with wild and unearthly skill, that piercing scraping against already overstimulated nerves and pushing her well past her limits as she came again and again, so hard this time that her toes actually curled and her voice failed her. Shaking her head side to side as waves of pleasure shot through her veins like lightning, Brianna caught sight of Claire and Sofia as both women endured their own respective torments, her mistress’s exposed skin flushed bright red as the torturous pleasure of the Sybian finally taxed even her truly legendary stamina while Roxanna held her in an almost possessive embrace. Claire, by contrast, had a look of utter desperation in her brilliantly blue-gray eyes as she squirmed beneath Elise’s touch, one of the brunette’s hands teasing a breast while the other caressed the sensitive flesh along the edges of the woman’s chastity belt and pierced lips roamed over that lush, half naked body. Somehow the knowledge that the redhead was the only one among them not allowed to cum made the experience even more intense and in those last moments before she completely lost herself in the throes of a truly monstrous orgasm Brianna could not help but marvel at where the day had taken her, and the fact that it still wasn’t over yet.

She could scarcely even imagine what the rest of the night might hold, assuming she survived of course.
