---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jillsadventureintototalslavery7.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Jill''s Adventure into Total Slavery 7: Heather and Norma get caught'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- FF
- MF+/ff
- lesb
- embezzle
- caught
- cell
- strip
- court
- trial
- punish
- plea
- enslave
- collar
- auction
- sold
- crate
- shipped
- susp
- bdsm
- whip
- sex
- oral
- climax
- cons/nc
- XX
date: 2016-06-10 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 6: A New Slave Arrives**](jillsadventureintototalslavery6.html))

**Part 7: Heather and Norma get caught**

Tom finally contacted Jason and told him that they would be visiting in two week and the girls were looking forward to the vacation, as the last month had been very stressful, but everything was working fine and there was no major loss.

Tom told the girls to go shopping for new outfits for the vacation as they earned it with their hard work over the last month.  They left to go shopping, where they both bought string bikinis and skimpy outfits and Norma also bought a few sexy nightgowns to please Tom.

They left Billings and flew to Miami, where, they boarded Jason’s private jet to the Caymans.  They were met at the airport by Manny, who introduced himself as the head of security, and he drove them to the docks, where they boarded the boat for the trip to the island.  On the boat, they had drinks and enjoy the view of the blue sea and Norma tells Tom, she can’t wait to get him alone on the vacation, as she bought something special just for him.  After the two hour trip, they arrive at Matua, and Manny loads the van with their luggage, and then drives them to the house, going the long way avoiding the area with the convicts.

Carmen and Jason greet them as they arrive and Jason introduces them to Carmen.  She takes the girls to the house to show them their rooms.  As they enter the house they see a girl wearing a black maid’s outfit and Carmen tells them, this is Amy our maid, and she tells Amy to take the luggage to their rooms and that Tom and Norma are in the red room, and Heather will be next door in the green room.

Amy curtsies and leaves to take their bags to the rooms.  Heather and Norma notice that Amy’s dress is cut out in front so her 42DD breasts are exposed, and give each other a weird look.  They all go out to the patio, where they enjoy tropical drinks and Carmen excuses herself as she has some business to take care of, but the pool is theirs to use at anytime.  Heather and Norma leave to change into swimsuits, as Tom and Jason talk and Tom tells him everything is in place.

Everyone relaxes around the pool enjoying the clean air, sunshine and tropical drinks.  A few hours later Amy tells them dinner will be ready in ten minutes.  Jason leads them to the dinning room, where Amy and Jill serve the dinner.  Norma compliments Jason on the meal as one of the best she has eaten, and Jason tells her Matilda is a master chef.  After dinner, Norma kisses Tom and drags him off to their bedroom.  Heather also says it has been a long day and goes to her room.

As Tom lies on the bed, Norma comes out of the bathroom wearing a shear black nightie and he immediately gets hard and drags her onto the bed and he mounts her and fucks her long and hard until he cums.  Norma kisses him telling him it was great.  Tom rolls over and soon is asleep.

Quietly, Norma slips out of the bed and leaves the room going next door to Heather’s room.  On the bed is a nude Heather is waiting for her and Norma removes her nightie and slides onto the bed and kisses Heather while fondling her breasts.  Heather asks how long can she stay and Norma says at least a few hours, as your father is out cold after fucking me.  Heather asks how she can have sex with that bastard, and Norma replies anything for his money and to make sure he doesn’t know what is happening.

They make passionate love for the next two hours licking each other breasts and cunts and finally rubbing their cunts together until each has several orgasms.
Norma tells Heather, that once the next deal she has setup is completed, they will have enough money to dump Tom and live comfortably on their own just as they planned over a year ago, when they graduated college.

Norma then leaves the room and sneaks back into bed with a sleeping Tom.  In the morning Tom wakes up and looking at his wife starts playing with her breasts and watches her nipples get hard.  Norma wakes up feeling his hands on her and kisses him deeply and they make love again.  As Tom fucks her, Norma is only thinking of the money and finally getting rid of the disgusting man.

After breakfast, Jason asks Tom if he wants to go fishing and Tom looks at Norma, who tells him “go ahead, Heather and I will just lounge around the pool getting a tan”.  Tom and Jason leave and Heather and Norma just smile at each other clinking glasses.

A few hours later they ask Amy to bring them another pitcher of the rum drink.  They watch as Amy walks away with her ass exposed and they are wondering what she would be like in bed.

Amy returns with a fresh pitcher and refills their glasses.  Heather asks her, why she is dressed that way with her breasts exposed and why did she get such big breasts.  Mistress requires I dress this way and these are the size she wanted me to have and she leaves.

Shortly after the new pitcher of drinks had arrived; Heather and Norma become sleepy and pass out.  Once unconscious, Jill and Amy carry them one at a time down to the dungeon where they are stripped and lock in different cells and then they inform Carmen the girls have been secured.  Carmen uses the radio to inform Jason that the girls were captured.

Norma wakes up with a splitting headache and realizes she is naked on a metal cot and not at the pool.  She hears Heather scream, “where are we”, and sees that she is in a cell with metal bars and in the next cell is also naked Heather.

Heather asks Norma if she knows what is happening and Norma tells her not a clue as the last thing she remembers is drinking at the pool.  As they look around they see what looks like a dungeon from a horror movie and realize they are in trouble.  Shortly, they see Tom, Jason and Carmen enter the room, and Norma screams, “Tom what is going on and why are we locked up?”

Carmen says,” Heather and Norma Jennings, you both are under arrest for embezzlement and conspiracy to comment fraud.  Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.  You have the right to an attorney and if you can’t afford one then you are your own attorney as we don’t supply one”

Heather screams “Daddy, I haven’t done anything wrong.  Please get me out of here”.  “And also me Tom” says Norma.  Tom ignores them turning his back to them.  They are then informed that there will be a hearing in the morning and if they want a lawyer they can choose from one of the three Cayman lawyers on the list that Carmen hands them.

Tom looks at them, and says, “I love you Norma and Heather, why did you try to ruin my business”.  Norma tells Heather not to say anything and says to Carmen, “I want Barbara Dare as my lawyer, I don’t trust any man.”   Heather says “same for me”.  Carmen tells them she will call her and as soon as Ms Dare is available she will be picked up and brought to the Island.

Heather asks for clothes as they can’t talk to her naked.  Carmen tells them she will have Amy bring them dresses to wear.  After they leave, Heather yells at Norma, “What the fuck have you gotten me into.”  Norma tells her to shut up as the room is probably bugged.  Amy arrives with two translucent short white cotton dresses and hands them to Heather and Norma.  Norma yells “Where the hell is underwear.”  She is told by Amy, prisoners don’t get underwear and leaves.

Several hours later, a woman enters the dungeon and introduces herself as Barbara Dare attorney at law.  Norma asks if it safe to speak as she is afraid the room is bugged.  Barbara tells her it is safe and they can not bug the room or use anything said from this minute on against them.  Barbara explains her fee and asks for a $5000 retainer.  Norma tells her they have no money with them, but Barbara can get it from an account in the Caymans.  Barbara opens her briefcase and pulls out forms for Heather and Norma to sign and then an authorization for transfer of $5000 to Ms Dare’s account.

Once the papers are signed, Barbara asks if the charges are true, Norma tell her they did nothing wrong and the charges are totally false.  Barbara tells them she will be back in the morning for the hearing, but to understand the prosecutor is very experienced, so please be honest, as I can’t defend you if you are hiding facts from me.  Norma again tells her they are innocent.

After she leaves, Heather looks at Norma and tells her I hope you are right that you covered up everything and nothing can be traced back to us.  Norma tells her I did so just relax, they might suspect us, but can’t prove it.

**The Hearing**

The next morning Barbara Dare arrives and greets Heather and Norma, and again asks if there is anything she needs to know before the hearing.  They both tell her no as they are innocent.

Manny arrives and is carrying restraints and tell Heather to lift her arms, as he locks a belt around her waist and her hands to the cuffs attached to the belt.  He then repeats the process with Norma and tells them to follow him.  They go up the elevator to the main floor and walk to the courtroom.

Once there they sit down with their attorney and look at the prosecutor.  They see a black female wearing a rubber dress with huge breasts and realize she must be one of the slaves here, so she can’t be that smart.

Manny shouts “All rise court is in session the honorable Carmen Taylor presiding.”   Norma asks Barbara if this is fair since Carmen is part owner with Jason in Tom’s company.  Barbara tells them this is a hearing, not the trial, if there is a trial, an independent Judge from the World Court will preside.

Carmen, tell the prosecutor, “Ms Williams, proceed with the charges”.  Doris tells the court, that the defendants both conspired to steal money from Jennings Inc. and hid the fact by playing with the books therefore also committing fraud.  We can show your honor at least 50 counts of fraud, which allowed them to embezzled over $1.5 million dollars in the last year and they deposited the money in a Cayman bank account.

Norma turns to Barbara, and asks if she told them about the account.  Barbara tells her, “No, I did not and would never do that as that would be unethical”.

Carmen tells Doris to proceed and she produces exhibit A, files retrieved from Norma’s Jennings company computer.  Barbara objects stating the files are privileged and should not be allowed.

Norma breaths a sigh of relief, but hears, Doris say, “Your honor, these files we obtained from a company computer not the defendants personal computer and the person who retrieved them had permission of both owners of the company.

“Overruled” says Carmen.  Doris says these files show how the money was illegally transferred to a Cayman back account # xxxxxxx.  Also Your Honor, we have a video tape of the defendants talking about how they were planning to flee from the company with the funds they embezzled as they made love to each other.  “I object shouts Barbara, That tape was done without my clients permission”.  Doris stands and says,” Your Honor, we obtained permission from the court, to tape the defendants”.  “Overruled” says Carmen.  Doris then tells the court she is done speaking.  Barbara has nothing to say.  Carmen then rules, there is enough evidence, to warrant a trial and it will be scheduled once the World Court arranges for a judge.

Barbara asks for bail for her clients and Doris tells the court the defendants are flight risks.  Barbara laughs saying there are no way they can get off the Island.  Carmen agrees to allow Norma and Heather released from their cells, but are restricted to the Island.  Barbara turns to them and says “we need to talk”.

Barbara, drags them out to the patio and yells, “You told me they had nothing and now I hear all this shit, now be honest, or get another lawyer, and the other two are not as good as me.”  Norma tells her no one ever was at her computer to get the info and it was buried in hidden files.

Heather then says she remember when that bimbo Jill was playing games on the computer?  Norma says, that airhead couldn’t find her way out of a paper bag with two openings yet get those hidden files.  Barbara tells them not only could she do it, she most likely did as she really is a genius and she has played you.

“And what did you airheads discuss in the bedroom that you forgot to tell me.”  Heather breaks down and tells Barbara everything.  Great, you do know about the outdoor prison on the Island?   No they say, we never saw anything like that.

Barbara arranges for Manny to drive them out to the prison and they see the naked prisoners wearing only chastity belts working the fields and the wood barracks they live in.  Also they see that the senior prisoner carries a whip to keep the other prisoners in check.  Barbara explains, they all wear electronic shock collars and can not leave the fenced off area without being shocked.

They go to the gate and enter speaking to the male guard.  He tells them one of the prisoners is about to be punished for failing to meet her quota of picked vegetables and did they want to watch.

 Barbara tells them they need to see what will happen to them.  A female is cuffed to a frame and the ropes are pulled tight and she is helpless.  The male guard moves behind the stretched victim, while the female guard stands in front of her.  The male guard announces the punishment of 20 strokes, 10 to her front and 10 to her back with a bull whip.  The prisoner screams “mercy, please I will do better” the guard says I am sure you will from this lesson.  Heather and Norma watch as the welts appear on her breasts and back and start to bleed, as the whipping continues even after she passes out.  The prisoner is released and dragged off.

Norma and Heather cry they can’t go there and is there anything Barbara can do. We are American citizens and they can’t do this to us.  Contact the America Embassy and let them know we are being held against our will.  Barbara tells them that the papers they signed before they arrived on the island also contained an application to become a citizen of Matua, so they can be held on these charges.  Barbara tells them they are facing a minimum of 20 years for all the charges and the court will most likely have the embezzled money returned.

Since you both are attractive, you could plead guilty, and I most likely get plea bargain for you to serve as slaves for a lesser time.  What does that mean asked Heather, shaking in fear.

Barbara said it means that you will be sold as slaves for at least one year; depending on what I can deal I can get from them.   Barbara then asks if there a second account they don’t know about.  Heather says no, that is the only account.  Norma tells her, yes there is another account I hid from Heather.

Heather jumps at her screaming you fucking bitch, not only was this idea yours, but you even cheated me.  Turning to Barbara, Heather asks, “If I testify against her, letting everyone know she was the brains behind the scheme, would I get a lesser sentence”.  Norma jumps at Heather and rips her dress off, and punches her in the mouth.  Manny drags Norma off of Heather and takes her down to the dungeon and puts her in a cell.  Barbara tells Heather she will see what she can do.

Later Barbara visits Norma in the dungeon and Norma asks her what will happen.  She is told since Heather is testifying against you, it is not good.  You will, if you go to trial, get at least 20 yrs in the prison.  I might be able to get you 5 yrs as a slave, while Heather will probably get 2 yrs.  Norma bows her head crying and asks what that really means.  It means you will be auctioned off and then sold as a slave.  It is very legal and every country having a treaty with Matua will honor the sentence.  You will have no rights and your owner can use you as she or he wants.  Think about it as this deal is better than the prison.  I will be back later for your decision.

Barbara then explains to Heather her options, and she tells Barbara, I will be a slave for the two years instead of 20 in the prison and I will tell the court it was Norma’s idea.

Barbara, talks to Carmen, Jason and Tom and explains that they want to plea bargain.  Tom says he also wants a divorce, with Norma getting nothing,  not even the rings I gave her, and Heather is to agree to turn over her shares of the company as part of her sentence and if so Heather should only get one year as a slave not two, as he feels sorry that he wasn’t a better father.
Barbara asks is she can have Heather as her slave in exchange for her fee as she is not going to get paid and they all agree.

Barbara explains the terms of the plea bargain and Heather accepts it, as she rather become a slave to a female than a male.  Norma realizes that 5 years is better than 20 in that hell hole of a prison and also agrees.

They all return to the courtroom and Barbara informs Carmen her clients will accept the plea bargain and turns over to the court the account numbers and access codes to the bank accounts.

Heather and Norma are returned to their cells after the hearing, while Barbara handles the paper work and they verify the account numbers and access codes are correct.

After everything is confirmed, Barbara locks a collar around Heathers neck, adds a restraint belt and cuffs, and then looking in Heather’s eyes and she tells her welcome to one year of slavery.  Heather cries, please be kind.  Barbara laughs telling Heather, you will be pierced and have bigger tits than Jill’s, and you are my Christmas present to my live in slave and lover Kelly and then she has Manny take then back to the Caymans.

Four days later Norma is naked in the dungeon stretched taunt and the auction is about to start.   Norma is told that there are over two hundred bidders online.

Carmen takes over as auctioneer, showing everyone that Norma’s 38C breasts are natural and they see her wet cunt as Carmen plays with it.  The bidding starts and in the middle of the auction, Carmen tells Norma, they want to see how you take pain.  Carmen takes a flogger from the wall and proceeds to whip Norma body from neck to toe as Norma screams the whole time.  Twenty minutes later after heavy bidding, she is sold to an Arabian Princess for five million dollars.

Carmen tells Norma her that new owner hates white Americans and will probably remove her clit so she never has another orgasm and she doubted Norma would survive the five years.

Norma is released and a padded crate is brought in and Norma is secured in the crate with, leather straps over her ankles, knees, belly, above and below her breasts and her forehead and a large gag is inflated in her mouth.  Then the top of the crate is bolted to the bottom and a fan is turned on that forces fresh air over her face.  Norma is now ready to be shipped to her new home.

Tom thanks Jason for his help and letting him spend the last few days with Amy, and, he is sorry, he couldn’t afford to buy Norma as a slave to abuse, but is glad her new owner is so ruthless.  Jason asks Tom to spend one more day, as that night Jill and Doris are going to be used in their dungeon to reward them and he might enjoy fucking each of them.

That night in the dungeon Jill and Doris are chained naked and spread-eagled facing each other.  Jason and Carmen stand behind each of them and tells them they will be whipped until some cries uncle or someone orgasms.

 Jill smiles and looks at Doris who smiles back. The whipping starts and both slaves’ bodies a show welts as the whips wrap around their bodies.  Tom watching notices that the cunts of both girls have juices flow from them down the legs of each slave.  Jill feels the pain and is starting to float toward sub space and sees Doris looking the same way.  Doris smiles back at Jill, seeing Jill is reacting to the whipping like she is.  After over one hundred stokes and two totally welted bodies, Jill nods at Doris, who smiles back and both cum at the same time in two massive orgasms, flooding the floor beneath them. 
Tom then fucks the two of them Jill first and then Doris, saying this is the best vacation ever.

I will if everyone wants, when I find time, write about Heather and Norma’s slavery as well the continuing adventures of slaves Jill, Amy, Doris and of course the lovely Carmen and handsome Jason.
