---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: It was her idea... sort of
authors:
- Glassmummy
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- leather
- gag
- bfold
- collar
- ice
- wax
- tease
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
---

Entry from the S(A)X Leather Bondage Story competition 2005

"I think we need to try something different
Scott." Exclaimed Samantha as we sat eating dinner in the dining
room.

"What do you mean Sam? Don't you like your
steak?" I replied.

"Not a different food, goofy. I'm talking
about our sex life."

Now I was concerned. Sam and I had dated for two
years before I finally asked her to marry me six months ago. She had
said 'yes' and not a week later moved in with me. I always thought our
sex life had been pretty damn great! Granted, not extremely inventive or
unusual, but great none the less. Now I wasgetting concernedthat
perhaps she didn't feel the sameand was already getting bored with
me.

"What's wrong with the sex?" I asked.

"Oh no, baby. There's nothing wrong with it.
In fact, it's pretty damn great!"

(Whew!)

"I just meant that maybe we should try
something different. You know, to keep things interesting?"

"Oh, you mean add a little spice to our
lives." I said, relieved. "Well, what might you have in mind,
my little chilli pepper?"

"Okay," she said with a smile, "I
think we should take turns coming up with something new and unusual to
do in the bedroom... or where ever. But we both have to agree to be
completely open-minded about what the other wants to try, and to try it
at least once. If, when we're done, either one of us didn't like it then
we don't have to do it again"

"That actually sounds like a good idea. So who
do you think should get to go first?"

"Well, since it's my plan, I think you should
go first. That way it gives me more time to come up with something
incredibly fun and interesting."

"Okay, that seems fair... I guess. How long do
I have to come up with something?"

"Oh, take your time. The anticipation is half
the fun!"

Man was I in trouble! Unfortunately I'm not all
that creative. Fortunately, however, My best friend is.

Dan and his wife Sherry had been married for over
three years now, and always seemed to be happy. He had to some ideas on
how I could 'spice things up', so I told Sam that I was going to have
do some research, and excused myself after dinner. I went to the
computer room and called Dan right away.

"Something different huh? How different are
you looking for Scott?" He asked.

"Really different! I want to surprise her in a
big way. What do you think? Got any ideas Danny?"

"Can you keep an open mind?"

"Absolutely. In fact, that's part of her
rules. We have to keep an open mind."

"Okay then, I have just one word for you.
'Bondage'."

"You mean like tying her up with ropes?"

"Sure. Ropes, chains, leather, tape, pretty
much anything you want. You might think it's weird, but Sherry and I
have been doing it for a couple of years now."

"Really? I'm almost speechless, yet strangely
intrigued." I said with a smile in my voice. "Tell me
more."

After I hung up with Danny I jumped right on the
computer to check out some sites that he suggested. One in particular
caught my attention. It was called 'Gromet's Plaza' and it was extremely
informative.

After reading numerous stories on bondage and
mummification (something I hadn't heard of before outside of Egyptian
history) and checking out some of the 'how to's', I found a link to a
store called **SAX Leather**. I opened it and began to browse through
the catalogue. I also began to get some creative ideas, for once.

I started shopping. Into the basket went a pair
each of wrist and ankle restraints, a chain lead, and a posture
collar. Then I saw something that made my heart skip a beat. It was
a leather bondage head harness with a removable blindfold, gag
and collar. This thing fascinated me. Dare I? How would she handle that?
Only one way to find out! I almost put the posture collar back, but
decided on keeping it. Who knows? It could come in handy. I also added
in some bondage rope for good measure.

I went to the checkout screen and put in my
information and bought my first bondage products. It was Saturday, and
the items wouldn't arrive for a few day, so I guess Sam would have
to wait till next weekend to experience something different.

I shut down the computer and headed to bed with my
beautiful Sam.

"So? Did you come up with any good ideas? You
were in there forever." She asked.

"One or two, but before you ask, I'm not gonna
tell you anything about it. You'll just have to wait till next weekend
to find out."

"Next weekend! How come so long? Are you
really gonna make me wait a whole week?"

"Hey, you're the one who said the anticipation
is half the fun. Besides, I have to figure out a few more things before I'm
ready."

"Fine!" She said.

"Fine!" I mimicked her. "Oh, and
you're adorable when you pout. Have I told you that?"

She just smiled at me and then said "I have
something interesting to show you."

"Oh yeah? What?"

"You're gonna love it. Here, I'll show you.
It's under the covers, so you have to go down to see it."

OK, despite deciding that we needed to do something
different in our sex life, Samantha and I did some positively
unreal love making over the next week. Maybe it really was the
anticipation of what was to come on Friday night. Who knows? And better
yet, who cares?

The package arrived on Wednesday, and I refused to
let Sam open it or even give her a hint of what was inside. In fact, I
even went so far as to keep the box in my car for the rest of the week
so she wouldn't be tempted to peek inside while I was at work.

Friday finally rolled around and on the way home
from work I stopped and picked up some candles made from the wax that
doesn't get overly hot. I wanted her to have a good time, not scar her
for life. I walked in and she was sitting on the sofa wearing a big grin
and nothing else!

"Well, that's a nice way to welcome me home,
but what if I had decided to bring my boss home for dinner today?"
I said as I set down the box of toys and the bag of candles.

"Well then, I expect you would have gotten a
raise. And your boss might have gotten one too."

"Hmm, you're probably right. Maybe I should
call him and invite him over."

"Don't you dare! I just can't wait any longer
to find out what you have planned for tonight!"

"Okay, we might as well get started right now
then. Stand up, please. Remember, you have to keep an open mind
about this. I know you're gonna think this is a bit strange, I know I
did when I found out about it. But lets just give it a try, okay?"

"Don't worry baby, I trust you." She
said.

"Alright, I've done a lot of research on this,
so I'm pretty sure I know what I'm doing." I said as I opened the
box of goodies.

Sam's eyes got really big when she looked in and
saw all of the leather and metal objects packed neatly inside. "Oh
my god! What's all that stuff for?"

"You'll find out soon. Now, turn around and
put your hands behind your back please."

She did, and I located the leather cuffs and pulled
them out. She giggled a little bit when I wrapped the first one around
her right wrist and buckled it on. I repeated the process with the left
wrist and snapped them together with the connector.

"How's that feel? They're not too tight
are they?"

"No. Feels interesting though, you kinky
boy!"

"I'll let you in on a little secret. This
wasn't entirely my idea. I had a little help. Now, I'm gonna put the
same type of cuffs on your ankles, but I'm not gonna connect them
together yet."

"You told someone about this!?"

"Yes I did, but I just asked him for any ideas
he might have to help me out. Don't worry, he's a trustworthy guy. He's
won't tell anyone else about this." I reassured her as I placed the
cuffs on her ankles.

"Now this part might be a bit scary, but don't
worry, I'm right here. You just let me know if you want to stop any
time."

"It's okay, remember that part of the rules
are that we have to at least try each others ideas. I'll go through it
all and then decide if I like it or not." She replied.

God I love this woman!

"Okay, this is a head harness." I
explained. I had removed the gag and blindfold portions so as not to
freak her out too much. "It's attached to this collar that goes
around your neck. Then I can connect this leash to it and lead you
around the house."

"It looks a little complicated, but go ahead
and put it on me. Guess I'll just have to be your pet for the
weekend." She said with a wink.

It took me a few minutes to figure out where all
the buckles went, but I finally got it on her. After making sure it
wasn't too tight anywhere I asked "Are you ready for the next
part?"

"Definitely! I'm curious as to where this is
going."

"Alright, this is the blindfold for the
harness, it just snaps in place. Now, from this point on you won't be
able to see anything, okay?"

"Oh, I'm more than okay. I'm really getting
excited now! Hurry up and put it on!"

"There," I said as I snapped it in place
and connected the leash. "Now follow me, we won't go too fast, I
don't want you to trip. Just trust me to lead you, and take your
time."

I led her to the bedroom and had her sit on the
edge of the bed while I got the rest of the things ready for her. I tied lengths
of the bondage rope to the corner posts of the bed and lit two of the
candles and placed them on the night stand. I then went out to the
freezer and got a bowl full of ice cubes.

"Okay, I'm gonna unhook the cuffs and I want
you to lay back on the bed."

I manoeuvred her so her head was on the pillows and
went about securing the cuffs to the four corners of the bed by the
D-rings attached to them. Sam didn't say a word the whole time, but she
had a big smile on her face.

I retrieved the gag attachment and leaned in close
to her and said "Alright babe, just one more thing left before I
get started. Open that beautiful mouth of yours for me."

She opened up and I slid the gag into her mouth and
snapped it in place. She let out a little squeal of surprise, and I
reassured her that she was fine. I checked to make sure she could breath
okay and then gave her a kiss on the tip of her nose.

"I think you're gonna enjoy this." I told
her as I grabbed a piece of ice and began letting the ice melt and drip
onto her exposed nipples. Her breath caught for an instant and then she
began to squeal into the gag.

"Sam, I want you to listen to me. If you want
me to stop at any time just start humming 'Over the rainbow'. Do you
understand ?"

"Mmm Hmm." She mumbled through the gag.

"Good. Now Sam, your nipples are getting
hard." I said as I continued dripping water on them. "Are they
cold, or are you just getting turned on?"

"Mmmm..." She groaned.

I started rubbing the ice right against her
nipples, then started moving downwards over her belly. She was breathing
heavy now and I had an idea that she knew where I was headed. I grabbed
a new piece of ice and slid it over her neatly trimmed pussy. Slowly I
rubbed it up and down her lips resting briefly on her clit with each
pass. She was breathing even harder now and squealing with delight. Her
body bucking up and down as she tried to reach orgasm.

I left her pussy and started down one leg as the
ice melted to nothing against her steaming skin. Sam grunted in
disappointment as I got another piece of ice and continued down her leg
and then up the other.

"Oh sweetie, I'm not gonna let you off that
easy. If you cum now, what will there be to look forward too?" I
asked as I moved the ice back up to her nipples and proceeded to slowly
rub her breasts in big circles.

Abruptly I stopped with the ice. "I think you
are getting used to the ice, so I'm gonna try something else. This I'm
not sure you will really like that much, but who knows? Are you
ready?"

"Mmm...Hmm..." She panted as she started
coming down.

"Okay, here we go."

I picked up one of the candles and held it about
eighteen inches aboveher stomach. I tipped it slowly and a small
stream of wax dripped out and onto her quivering belly. She jerked in
surprise and let out a rather loud but muffled scream into the gag.

"That harness gag works really well, huh babe?
Still a pretty loud scream though. Does that hurt too much?"

She shook her head and moaned softly. So I
continued to drip the wax up and down her belly. I stopped for
moment and then let the wax dribble down onto her right nipple and
surrounding breast.

"EEEEEEEE!!!" She squealed. and bucked
some more.

I moved to the left breast and coated that one just
as well before moving back down to her belly.

"Can you guess where I'm going now baby?"

"Nngghh...nngghh!" She grunted and shook
her head.

"Just start humming if you want me to
stop." I waited for a few seconds and then continued. "Guess
you don't want me to stop then."

She shook her head in response so I slowly dribbled
the wax over her lips and clit. She squealed and pulled against her
restraints as she panted heavily.

I finally stopped with the wax and began rubbing
her body with my hands, removing most of the wax. I tweaked her nipples
with my thumbs as I kissed her up and down her stomach.

She was groaning loudly as I moved my mouth up to
her ear and asked, "Are you ready to cum yet?"

"Mmm...Hmm..."

"Can you say please?"

"Peeesshhh!!! Et eee umm!"

"Anything for you baby." I whispered in
her ear.

I slid into her slowly and began what ended up
being the absolutely best sex I had ever had. And from the sounds
escaping her gag, I'm pretty sure she had a damn good time too.

After a half hour of slow love making, we finally
came at the same time. I rolled over and lay next to her quivering body,
holding her tightly wrapped in my arms. After a while I unsnapped her
blindfold and looked into those beautiful blue-green eyes.

"How was that, good?" I asked teasingly.

She looked back into my eyes, blinked, and as a
tear escaped she nodded her head.

I unsnapped the gag and removed it. Before she
could say anything, I put my lips to hers and kissed her deeply and
passionately for what seemed like forever. I finally broke the kiss and
stared at her.

"I was a little skeptical about this at first
when you pulled out the cuffs." She said to me. "But I think
this might just be something we could really get into. Thank you baby. I
don't want to hurt your feelings, but I don't think I have ever had an
orgasm quite like that before."

"You could never hurt my feelings Sam. You
weren't the only skeptical one here. But I think it turned out pretty
good."

"Pretty good? I'd say more like unbelievable!
Now, before you let me loose, can you do something for me?"

"Anything you want babe."

"Put the gag and blindfold back on me and make
love to me again."

"I can do that."

So, I guess I have to say thank you to my buddy
Danny not to mention a big thanks to Gromet's Plaza and to **SAX
Leather** for changing my life and Sam's life forever.

Oh by the way, we've been married for five years
now, and the sex life just keeps getting better!

Glassmummy.

30.01.12 (Reposted)
