---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jenny's Delight
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- MMF/f
- cartrunk
- transport
- bond
- gag
- punish
- naked
- shave
- rope
- straps
- toys
- insert
- nipple
- torment
- binders
- bagged
- packaged
- crate
- entombed
- denial
- reluct
- XX
date: 2004-11-15 00:00:00
---

*Jenny had tied herself on Mikes porch to await his return and wasn't disappointed by the results, an afternoon in bondage as his slave, but then to her delight she discovered something more...*

(this part inspired by the comic serial "Katya"
)
continued from [part two](jenny2.html)

**Part 3: Punished!**

You may recall that I’d tied myself up on Mike’s
porch to await his arrival at his cabin. Mike had then left me bound until
later, when he took me to his bed and bound me spread-eagled and used me
for his pleasure (and mine). Later on I’d found a latex catsuit that had
belonged to his ex-wife, Mike had helped me put it on, the feelings that
I got when wearing latex for the first time just made me want to reward
Mike, which I did on my knees, if you know what I mean!

After some suggestion on my part Mike had taken
me down to his cellar, where he bound me, still covered in the delightful
latex to the X-frame on the wall of the cellar. It was only after he’d
tied me that I revealed that I hadn’t told my husband John that I was coming
to see Mike. I couldn’t see any problem with this, after all they had both
used my bound body for their own pleasure, what’s good for the goose is
good for the gander I say. Except in this case my goose was about to be
cooked!

I’d done this before to John, tied up by Mike
and I’d not told him where I was, we had an ‘open’ relationship, you know
where we both get to fool around but it’s usually when we are both together
at some swingers party. The relationship between Mike and myself was beginning
to step over the boundaries, not that we’d ever spoke about boundaries,
you just accept that you’ll both do the ‘right thing’ by each other I suppose.

Well any way, the first and last time that I’d
done this Mike and John had hatched a plan, I’d been taken from the morgue,
where Mike had tied me up, and they had taken me to Mike’s cabin, where
they both proceeded to bury me, whilst I was still wrapped up in the cling
film. A gas mask had been placed over my head, which allowed me to breathe
through a tube above the ground. I was left for some time whilst they went
fishing. They came back later and used and abused me for the entire weekend
as their sex slave. It *really* wasn’t much of a punishment on my part was it?

Now that I’ve brought you up to date, let’s get
back to me dressed in latex, bound tightly to an X-frame in Mike’s cellar,
the gag done extra tight as punishment from Mike for not telling John again.
I was left in the dark, unable to move my limbs, tied as they were to the
wooden beams of the cross. The only thing I could move slightly was my
crotch, well hey a girls gotta have some fun! I was able to rub myself
against the rope that was tied tightly against my sex, my little nub was
able to move itself against the stiffness of the rope, through the latex
that encased it. I wasn’t able to get myself off but I was having a damn
good try at it.

My thoughts were interrupted by the light streaming
in from the open door, Mike stood there looking at me trying to hump the
rope between my legs. He shook his head and began walking down to me. He
began untying me but left the gag in place, my limbs had started to go
numb, I hadn’t realised just how long I’d been tied up here. They had agreed
to leave me overnight in the cellar whilst they got things ready for my
next ‘punishment’. It was now well past midday and I’d just spent nearly
20 hours bound in the cellar.

Mike took hold of my wrists and tied them behind
my back, he tied them extra tight and the rope dug into my skin. I tried
to complain but the gag was still in place and all that came out was a
moan. My ankles were similarly bound and Mike then hooked me over his shoulder
and I was carried up the stairs like a hunk of meat. A beautifully bound
and latex clad hunk of meat mind you! I was off in fantasy land again,
here was the bound damsel, trussed up and held by her capturers until the
ransom was paid by my rich family.

I was brought back to earth when I was thrown
into the boot of Susan’s car, I looked up to see the broad smile on her
face as she slammed the trunk lid closed on me. I was again bound and in
the dark. Mmmm! Maybe my kidnappers were delivering me at the money change
over point. My mind went back to its fantasies as the car started and I
was driven off to an unknown destination. The car journey seem to take
a long time, I was being taken on a journey, Sue had been instructed to
drive me around for a couple of hours, whilst Mike & John got things
ready for me. So Sue decided to travel to a shopping mall in the next town,
here she parked the car, luckily for me undercover and left me whilst she
went shopping.

Sue spent the next couple of hours blissfully
shopping, whilst I was left bound up in the trunk of her car, left alone
in the car park, unable to break free or even call for help due to the
gag in my mouth. I could hear people walking passed me, here I was bound
in the trunk, clad head to toe in latex, I began to wonder what would people
think if they knew I was in here. What if the car was stolen and driven
to some location, imagine the surprise on their face when they open the
trunk and find a bound woman in there. My mind was working overtime again
as the car thief called his mates on his cell phone to come over and have
some fun.

My thoughts were interrupted when Sue returned,
dumped her shopping in the trunk and started the car. On the journey home,
Sue’s car seemed to find every pot hole and bump in the road as it got
closer to town, I had a thought that she was deliberately hitting each
and every one of them to get at me. My thoughts went to the damage that
she was doing to her suspension and the cost of the repairs! That seemed
to be a suitable revenge on my part, not that I knew that John had been
seeing more of Sue than he let on, and that she’d be able to work off the
repair bill with sexual services. But I was to find that out later.

The car came to a halt, I heard the door open
and Sue climb out then her footsteps went away. I was left in the trunk
for what seemed like hours, but in reality was about 40 minutes. I must
have dozed off as I awoke with a start when the car engine started and
the vehicle moved, it was being backed up closer to the garage that was
owned by my husband John. I heard the sound of the large roller door as
it was opened and the car moved in through it. After they closed the door
the trunk was opened, there stood John and Mike, they were both dressed
in black overalls, their hands covered in black gloves. Sue was standing
beside them holding two hoods, both black to complete their outfits. They
had left them off to show me who it was, that who it was going to be doing the
punishment. I had no idea of what they were going to do to me.

I was then hauled out from the rear of the car
and carried by them both into the middle of the workshop. I could see that
they had gotten everything ready for me and was concerned when I saw the
large crate, it’s lid currently closed. I was beginning to fear that they
were going to go too far and really do something serious to me, the looks
on their faces didn’t bring much relief either. Egged on by Sue they both
began to untie me, once the last of the ropes were removed they took the
latex catsuit off of me. Sue commented that it was hers anyway, why should
I get any pleasure out of wearing it.

A shiver ran down my spine when she then said
that I wouldn’t be needing the suit any more anyway!

Now standing naked in front of the three of them,
handcuffs were placed on my wrists, holding my hands behind my back as
Sue lead me off to the toilets. She roughly pushed me down onto the pedestal
and ordered me to use it! I was pretty full by that point, having been
tied all night and most of the next day, then bound in the trunk until
what now seemed like early evening. Sue was abrupt and pulled me off of
the toilet as I finished, she pushed me over to the sink and held onto
my shoulders, pushing me down to the floor. She spread my legs and sprayed
some cream on my pussy. It began tingling straight away, and not two minutes
after she’d applied the cream than she was washing it off along with my
pubic hair, not that there was much to begin with.

She then sprayed a hose over me, cleaning any
sweat and dirt off of me, I wouldn’t have minded if she hadn’t only used
cold water on me. Next she pulled me up off the floor and sat me on a chair,
she lashed rope around my waist and over my shoulders effectively securing
me to the chair. Now bound by her hands I could only await her next move.
It was quick in coming as she began cutting, more like hacking my hair
off in clumps. She continued working on my hair until it was short all
over, then came the electric razor, she moved this over my head taking
great delight in shearing whatever hair I had left on my head. I knew Sue
was the local hairdresser, hell I’d even let her do my hair in the past,
but after today I was definitely going to have to find a new hairdresser!

Sue finished cutting my hair with the electric
clippers, the remains of what had once been my beautiful hair now strewn
around the ground at my feet. She took great delight in showing me what
I looked like in the mirror. All that was left was a slight bristle covering
the top of my head. But then she applied more cream and again two minutes
later I was bald! She was exacting some sort of revenge on me, whatever
for I didn’t know. I hadn’t yet found out about her and my husband, so
whatever she was doing to me now was out of pure spite. Maybe she thought
that when John saw me he would finally reject me in favour of her. Who
knows what went through her mind at that point.

She was interrupted in her plans by the sound
of John calling and asking what’s taking so long. How long does it take
for a woman to pee! The look of shock on John and Mike’s face as I was
lead back into the room, told me that this wasn’t part of the plan and
that Sue had gone too far. But it was too late to stop now, they had planned
this and they were going to go through with it.

John and Mike pulled the hoods over their heads,
they were now totally covered in black. Sue had retreated back to the toilet
after she’d seen the looks on their faces. I was pulled over to stand beside
Mike whilst John began placing leather straps around my wrists and then
my ankles. My arms were pulled behind my back by Mike and a padlock was
placed in the rings of the leather cuffs, my wrists were once again secured
behind my back. John then placed a collar around my neck and locked this
in place with another small padlock. I was their slave again, to do as
they wished with me and I just stood there passively awaiting whatever
they were going to do with me next.

John then placed a ball gag in my mouth and adjusted
the straps behind my now bald head, he then placed another small padlock
to hold the gag in place. All I could now do was mew through the ball held
tightly in my open mouth. I was again silenced to await whatever fate they
had in store for me. In the meantime John couldn’t help himself and ran
his fingers through my now moist pussy lips, feeling the smooth skin as
his fingers pressed against my flesh. He commented that he should have
done this to me years ago.

Mike picked up a corset from the workbench, it
was one that I’d worn on many occasions, especially when we’d attended
a few liberal parties, the kind where you pick up someone’s car keys and
spend the night with them. The corset was wrapped around my waist, it was
only a mid-rift type corset, one that starts under my breasts and ends
over my tummy. This gave me a nice little ‘pot belly’ look, well John seemed
to like it judging by the bulge in his overalls! They then did the bindings
in the rear pulling the corset tighter and tighter until the two sides
met and the laces were then tied, cinching my waist, I had to adjust my
breathing as it was now harder to breathe. I hadn’t noticed the slight
alteration to the corset until the next stage of my binding.

Mike went down on the floor on his knees, he placed
one hand on my left ankle and the other on my right, he then moved my legs
apart as John began opening a box in front of me. Inside I could see two
rubber dildoes, they were both the same size and I immediately realised
just where they were destined to go! Without much fanfare or lubrication
on John’s part the first intruder was pushed home into my, luckily for
me, moist love hole. The feel of the cold rubber as it entered me took
my breath away and luckily Mike held onto me as I steadied myself after
the initial shock. Next I was laid down on the floor on my tummy, I knew
that the other one was about to enter me too.

My head was pushed onto the ground and my arms
pulled above me, whilst John came behind me holding my legs apart, my knees
pressed into the concrete floor with my bottom in the air, exposed and
waiting for the next rubber intruder. This time John took his time and
rubbed the end of the tip around my wet sex, giving some lubrication before
plunging it into my rear, twisting it as he drove the rubber phallus into
my abused hole. Even so I still had tears in my eyes as he pressed the
thing into me, the effectiveness of the gag proven beyond doubt as my screams
were all but silenced by it.

I lay there for a short while getting used to
the two rubber plugs as they absorbed the heat of my body. I was then hauled
to my feet by strong arms, held in place whilst a rope was threaded through
a ring at the back of my corset. I hadn’t noticed this before, this was
something new that had been added, I looked down and saw another in front
of me too. The rope was then brought between my legs, threaded through
the two rings in the top of the rubber dildoes and brought up to the ring
at the front of the corset. Here John took great delight in pulling on
the rope, causing the rope to bite into my sex, pushing my labia aside
and rubbing directly against my tenderest flesh.

The rope felt like it was cutting me in two, the
look in John’s eyes through the openings in the hood told me the whole
story, this was his revenge. This was his way of punishing me. As he tied
the rope tightly, I let more tears stream down my face, Mike noticed this
and raised his hand to wipe them away. I’m sure that he would have stopped
at this point until he was told by John to start binding me.

Mike then brought some rope over from the pile
on the floor, it looked like I was going to be wearing quite a bit of rope
judging by the size of the pile. He began binding my wrists together, I
thought this strange at first as they had already bound my wrist with the
leather cuffs and padlock. But Mike had other ideas and the bindings were
tighter than the cuffs would have allowed. He then began binding my elbows
together, pulling them until they met behind my back and pushing my naked
breasts out in front. Here I was naked with two men in hoods, my arms now
tightly bound behind my back, gagged and both holes filled. My fate whatever
it was, was now more surely in their hands.

They both lifted me off of the floor and lay me
down on the cold concrete, no blanket or rug was laid down for me to rest
on, I was merely an object to them, something that they were currently
working their plan on. Just another piece of meat to be packaged, just
another body to get ready on Mikes part and something else for John to
tinker with, his rough mechanics hands scratching over my soft, smooth
skin.

John placed another small padlock between the
leather cuffs, now my legs were secured I couldn’t run from here even if
I were able to. Mike brought more rope and began tying my two big toes,
he used more of a yarn than rope. He ran it through and around my toes
several times before knotting it off. There was still several yards left
and he began tying this around my feet. Criss-crossing several times until
my feet were bound. He then bound my ankles with thicker rope, cinching
off after several turns. He repeated this below and above my knees. I was
more tightly tied than I’d ever been in my entire life.

All during the bindings they rarely spoke and
this added to my unease, they were like two nameless hooded figures tying
me into submission, binding me and taking away my ability to move, speak
and soon see, I was just a naked plaything to them, my thoughts or feelings
didn’t enter into what they were doing to me.

I was left on the ground tied tightly as they
took photographs of my naked, bound body. They had stopped several times
to take images of me with whatever bindings they had applied. I felt exposed
as hands ran over the soft mounds of my breasts, another hand started to
feel the flesh of my tummy, pushing into the pliable flesh then working
their way down to my thighs, whilst the other continued with my other breast.
I was getting very turned on by now, the feel of their hands over me, the
tightness of the ropes binding me, the submission to whatever they wanted
to do to me, all this and more was sending me onwards, my juices were flowing,
I was ready for them to take me, use me, do whatever to me, just let me
cum!

Alas it was not to be, playtime was over, I wasn’t
going to allowed to climax. They rolled me onto my front and placed my
arms into a leather binder. I thought that the ropes were tight enough
to secure me, after all I was bound with leather cuffs, a padlock held
them together then ropes worked their part pulling my wrists and elbows
even closer, until the flesh pressed into each other. But now I was to experience
the tighter feel of the leather armbinder. They worked it’s inky blackness
up over my arms, my elbows and then my upper arms. The zipper was pulled
closed, pulling my arms closed together, straps were then tightened and
another pushed under me to be fastened in front, pulling my arms tightly
against my back.

I felt totally trussed up, the proverbial turkey
at Christmas! I couldn’t move now even if I wanted to, the tightness I
was now experiencing was totally new, I could only lie there waiting there
next move. Rolled over onto my back by strong arms, I saw the leather leg
binder in John’s hands. They quickly placed my legs inside and closed the
zipper before rolling me over again onto my front, my legs were now one,
enclosed in the black leather, a belt was tightened around my waist ensuring
that the leg binder would not come off. The smell of the leather mingling
with the scent of my body, the aroma from my sex joined into this perfume,
turning me on and judging by the bulges both boys too! Rope was then tied
between the bottom of the arm binder to the bottom of the leg binder near
my ankles.

They stood me up again, I balanced on my bound
feet enclosed as they were in the leather binder, and more photos were
taken and then came the straps. Mike had brought over a handful, they were
all going to be placed on my bound body, binding me ever tighter and tighter.
Ankles, calves, knees, thighs, hips, waist, above and below my breasts,
were all the places for the straps, each one pulled tightly by John, making
sure that they dug into my flesh.

Sue then re-entered the workshop, she’d been watching
from the office as they bound me into this position. From the look of her
she’d also been toying with herself as she had that flushed look about
her. She approached me with her hands behind her, she bent down as she
stood next to me and began sucking on my nipple. Both men just looked on,
holding me in place as Sue continued with her warm mouth on my teat. I
began to get aroused, which was her objective, my nipple proudly stood
to attention from her ministration. What came next took me by surprise,
although from what Sue had done earlier I should have expected. The initial
coldness of the metal is what I felt first, closely followed by the pain
as the nipple clamp closed down on my erect flesh.

She quickly repeated the closing of the other
clamp on my other nipple before it had the chance to react and get itself
out of harms way. I stood there as she flicked her fingers at each clamp
in turn, inspecting each ones effectiveness at clinging onto my now very
tender nipples. I winced and a tear formed in my eyes as she continued
tormenting each nipple, if the gag wasn’t in place a few chosen words would
have been directed in her direction.

My sight was temporarily taken away as a leather
hood was placed over my head, the eye and mouth holes were adjusted to
their respective spots. The zipper at the rear of the hood was then tightened,
closing the hood tighter onto my face. A lock was then placed behind my
head through the zipper and a ring, the hood was now in place until my
masters decided otherwise. John then began closing the zipper at my mouth,
again another lock ensured this was sealed. Then he closed first one eye
hole then the other, he then placed a lock to connect these two, closing
my vision and now making me blind.

Hands then began moving me across the floor, I
was directed by my capturers to another spot in the workshop, I couldn’t
see what they had planned for me next, but didn’t have long to wait to
find out. I heard a rustle at my feet, then I was lifted from behind by
two arms encircling me, pressing into my chest, pushing the breath out
of me, my feet left the floor and I felt something began to enclose them.
It was tight, it was cold, it was…it was latex!

They began enclosing my tightly bound body in
a latex sleep sack, easing me into it’s clammy folds, the latex crept up
my body like some being swallowing me. I felt as though this thing was
alive and it’s jaws were enclosing me, pushing my body down it’s maw to
be swallowed whole. All three of them began adjusting the latex sack around
my body and soon the zipper was closed sealing me in. My senses were heightened
by the all over feeling of the latex, again like the catsuit I'd worn previously, it absorbed the heat of my
body and adjusted to it’s form. The longer I was in the latex the more
it seemed to become part of me, my flesh becoming one with the rubber.

Mike then started to apply more ropes to the outside,
several criss-crossed my body making me more rigid and stiff. My ability
to move had long since gone, shortly after my ability to escape their clutches.
I was their prisoner now and I was totally in their hands. I again felt
several hands on me through the ropes, the latex and other bindings. I
was now being carried, I couldn’t move even if I wanted to. They laid me
down in the crate, Sue had taken the lid off whilst Mike had tied me. Several
straps were then applied to hold my bound, latex covered body inside the
box. Whatever movement I possessed was now totally gone, I was strapped
down into the crate, I wondered if they were going to ship me somewhere.

John picked up the lid and before closing took
great delight in telling me that he and Sue were now going to be lovers,
that they were going away with Mike for a while and that I would be staying
here indefinitely. I was going to be placed in an inspection hole for the
workshop that no one used any more, it was normally covered over with a
metal plate, people didn’t notice it. John stated that he was going to
lock me down there as my punishment for screwing around with Mike, maybe
he would just leave me here for good. The lid on the crate was secured with several screws, I then felt the crate being lifted
and carried over to the hole, I was lowered into the small hole feet first,
it had just enough room either side to get a hand in. The crate was lowered
down until it hit the bottom, which from my memory was just over two metres.
I was now left standing in the crate, down a pit in the floor just big enough for the crate it seemed.

I then heard the sound of the metal plate being
moved over the floor above me, then it finally came into the opening, fitting
in to the flange that held it in place. I was now bound, roped, trussed,
covered in latex and enclosed within a crate, and now locked away in the
floor of John’s workshop. He’d placed a lock through the metal plate so
no one could release me. He’d toyed with the idea of welding it closed,
but Mike said that would be unwise, in case of an emergency, so John’s
plan was shelved for now.

John and Sue then left, they went back to her
place where they made love, the thought of me locked away as I was, drove
Sue wild with desire. They left the next morning for their holiday. The
workshop opened as usual the next morning and I could hear the sounds of
motors and spanners all through the day. At night Mike crept back in to
check on me, he listened to the sounds on my breathing but he could not
release me for John had the only keys. I could only contemplate my fate,
tied within the confines of my crate. I had no idea how long I would be
left here for or indeed if I would be released. If Sue had her way I doubt
if I would ever see daylight again.

Story continues in [**part 4: Knight to the Rescue**](jenny4.html)
o0o
