---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/eroticstories/storiesad/the_chip_fair.html
subcategory: Spandex
title: The Chip Fair
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- F-m
- sissy
- scifi
- strapon
- pegging
- public
- oral
- hum
- conditioning
- cons
- X
date: 2025-08-29 00:00:00
---

The Aurilian society had been peaceful for longer than anyone could remember. There was no war or crime on the planet of Aurilia. Some said it was because of economic prosperity. Some said it was because of very strict law enforcement. Some said it was because hunger had been eliminated. Some said it was because the mentally ill had been artificially removed from the Aurilian genome. But the true reason was the Chip Fair.

Despite economic prosperity, strict law enforcement, abundant food, and the manipulation of Aurilian genetics, violent crime... and wars... continued. Then international researchers found the root cause of all of the disharmony. People were not who they wanted to be, where they wanted to be, and in the jobs that they truly wanted. Thus was born “The Chip Fair.”

Young people were allowed to grow and be what young people everywhere tended to be... until they became eligible for the Chip Fair. The Chip Fair was held every three years and every young person on the entire planet between the ages of eighteen and twenty had to report to their regional fair. The proper and complete name of this year’s fair is “The Two Hundred and Ninth Triennial Evaluation, Sorting, and Life Assignment Event.” Government workers called it the ELSA event, but everyone else just called it the Chip Fair.

Every adult on Aurilia was chipped, meaning that they had a data chip embedded in the front of their skulls which contained everything about them, their name, their date of birth, their banking data, and many other things... but most importantly it contained their classification. If you moved or changed jobs, the chip could be edited, if necessary, at an official registry office. Bank balances and transactions could be added to the temporary registers at home or at point of sale locations. But there were two items on the chip which could never be edited. Those two items were the date of birth and the person’s classification.

Children wore a small amulet around their necks which contained their chip information. The information on that amulet changed through a child’s growing years. Classifications for children included primary school, middle school, and advanced school classes and grades. The amulet chip also contained the name of parents, their place of residence, and of course, the child’s date and time of birth. The amulet had to be worn everywhere, but since the first amulet was presented to a child as a toddler, it was accepted as a reality of life to the people of Aurilia.

The secret which the government never revealed to the people was that the “Youth Amulet,” as it was called, not only stored basic information, it also recorded important thoughts and strong emotions as the child grew into adulthood. This trove of information formed part of the process which created a person’s life chip.

Margie, Sunalie, and Buklie grew up together. Aurilian schools sorted children into age groups divided by when they would attend the ELSA event. Buklie was the oldest of the three. According to her parents, she missed the previous class by only seconds, having been born just after midnight on the first day of the two hundred second fair. She would be the oldest of this year's ELSA class, turning twenty-one on the day after the fair.

Margie, on the other hand, was the youngest in the local class and perhaps even in that class worldwide. She was born just before midnight which would mark the beginning of the two hundred and third fair. She would turn eighteen on the day before the start of this year’s fair.

Sunalie, her closest friend, was just one day older, and like Margie, was very small for her age. Perhaps that is what drew them together. Buklie was the chief bully in their class. It was almost as if she wanted everyone around her to be miserable, but most of her harassment and bullying seemed to be reserved for these two. Luckily, both Sunalie and Margie became very interested in computers at an extraordinarily early age and spent much of their study time in the computer labs away from Buklie’s constant taunting and physical torment. When Sunalie and Margie used the planetwide connect system to talk to people, their size and age didn’t seem to matter.

The group undergoing evaluation, sorting, and life assignment together was always referred to as a graduating class... or more often as a chip class... and there was a strong affinity to your chip class. Some of the classes had reunions every six years after enrollment. Some even invited others from around the planet to their reunions. There were, of necessity, many different, but identical chip fairs which took place around the planet on exactly the same day. But regardless of where in the world your fair was, you were all part of the same class.

When the class gathered for their two days of orientation and testing prior to the fair, Buklie immediately began bullying and demeaning Margie. There was nothing really Margie could do about it. It was not just the effectively four year difference in age. It was also size. Buklie was so much larger than most Aurilian women, and Margie was so much smaller. Petite did not even begin to describe her. She was so small that the guard at the entrance to the ELSA grounds did not allow her to come in until he had used facial recognition to verify that she was, indeed, the young woman indicated by the amulet and was intended to be part of this year’s fair.

“I imagine that you will be classified as a house servant,” Buklie said haughtily. “You’re not worth much more than that.” Buklie lived in the same complex as Margie and had spoken to her like this all their lives.

“Actually, I am hoping to work with the national computer system,” Margie replied firmly.

“So am I,” Sunalie added. “Maybe we can even work together.”

“You two dweebs deserve each other,” Buklie said looking down on both of them. Then she added, “I, on the other hand, will live up to the name my parents gave me. Bukl is a very old word for boss. Before I was born, they knew I would be classified into the management track and within a few years would be the boss of my own company.”

“We will see,” Sunalie said, nodding her head. “We will see.”

One of the tests was a swimming test. Swimming was one of the few times that the amulet could not function properly and had to be removed. So the evaluators had to evaluate first hand how someone behaved in and near the water. Actually it was the cameras and computers which did the evaluation of skill, etc. The main thing the evaluators recorded was their opinion of how comfortable someone was in the water. The computers would transfer that information to the amulets prior to final classification.

For this swimming test, the class was divided by age. Buklie, who was wearing a rather revealing two piece swimsuit, loudly made fun of both Margie and Sunalie who arrived late carrying large, almost suitcase sized, bags. “What are you going to wear?” she called out loudly, “Diving helmets?”

Everyone laughed as Margie and Sunalie stood there looking at the ground. “You had best get changed,” one of the evaluators said firmly and the two girls walked slowly into the locker room.

When they entered the locker room, it was empty, as they had expected it to be. Margie pulled a small black box from her bag and held it against Buklie’s locker. They knew it was Buklie’s because the lockers were assigned by date of birth. Buklie would be locker number one. The locks opened by the touch of the person which last closed it. Or, if needed, by a special computer generated master key. The small box in Margie’s hand was quickly imitating every known locker master key. In a few moments the locker opened.

Magie reached inside and then handed Buklie’s amulet to Sunalie. Sunalie smiled as she inserted the amulet into a large, obviously home made contraption which hummed and clicked for several minutes while the girls looked around nervously. Finally the machine stopped and Sunalie handed the Amulet back to Margie. It was very warm to the touch as Margie hung it back inside Buklie’s locker and carefully closed the door without touching the lock.

When the two girls came out to the pool, Buklie’s group had just finished. “What’s the matter Magie child?” Buklie said loudly. “Couldn’t you find a wet suit to fit you?” She laughed and then added, “Well, I guess that suit covers up enough of your body to keep everyone from getting sick.”

Magie and Sunalie just stood with their heads bowed as they had during years of abuse from Buklie. What else could they do? By the time it was their turn to enter the pool, most of the class was making fun of their swimsuits, their bodies, their everything. But for some reason, the two girls were not looking sad. In fact, they looked happy and they smiled at everyone who was making fun of them.

The last day of the fair... the day of classification... finally arrived. Around five hundred young men and women sat in chairs facing a large outdoor stage. Various local, regional, and national politicians were recognized. The governor of the region gave a short speech welcoming the class to their adult places in society. Then row by row, each member of the class walked up on stage. When twelve members were standing in a line across the front of the stage, twelve strange metal helmets descended from the arch at the front of the stage. The helmets showed a number on a screen on the front and the evaluators made sure that the proper youth was standing beneath the proper helmet. Buklie, of course, stood in position number one gazing out at the crowd with her normal look of arrogance and contempt.

The young women and men all looked rather apprehensive as the helmets descended... even Buklie... but when the helmets again rose into the air, all twelve were smiling broadly. Each had a rather red circle just above their noses as if something hard had hit them, but otherwise they appeared fine. In fact, they felt more than fine, they felt wonderful, and looked wonderful. Buklie appeared even more wonderful. She stood tall with her chest out and smiled at everyone as she deposited her amulet in a container at the edge of the stage and walked back to her seat. There was no doubt that she was destined to be the boss of her own company.

“Next grouping,” the event manager called out loudly as numbers one through twelve quickly went back to their seats and numbers thirteen through twenty-four walked slowly onto the stage. The wait was brutal for those at the end of the class. The wait for Sunalie and Magie was even longer. They were the end of the line. In fact, there were only four on the stage as the youngest of the class received their final classifications.

When the classification and sorting was finally finished, the head evaluator stood in the middle of the stage and said loudly, “Congratulations to the Evaluation Class of Seventy-Three Fifty-Seven dash Nine. You have all been formally classified and it is time to find out what additional education or training you may require. There are a variety of tents here on the grounds with post-classification guides who will help you understand what is now expected of you.” He chuckled slightly and said, “The script says that I am supposed to tell you that there are ushers who can help you find your tent, but,” he chuckled again, “if that is necessary then there is something wrong with your chip.” Everyone now laughed with him. Then he straightened himself up to his full height and said, “Class dismissed!”

Everyone in the class stood and began filing over toward what looked like a small city of tents. Some said teachers; some said workers; some said scholars; others said almost every classification imaginable. Above each tent flew a colored flag. Both Sunalie and Magie knew that they were to go to the tent with the red, black, and orange flag. No one had told them that, but they knew. As they got closer and stood in line at the entrance to the tent, they could see that the sign hanging over the opening said, “Computer Engineers and IT specialists.” That caused them to smile at each other. It was a genuine smile that came from deep within, not from the chip in their forehead.

Their smiles faded, however, when they saw Buklie standing in line at a nearby tent. The flag above the tent was gold with a wide slash of pink through it. The sign, which they could barely make out, read “Special Occupations.”

“It didn’t work,” Sunalie said glumly. “She is going to be a boss of her own company just like she said she would.”

“But we will still be happy working with computers,” Magie said brightly. Inside herself, however, she wasn’t sure if that was really her speaking or just the chip.

Life went on. Aurilia continued to spin on its axis and revolve around its sun. Six years passed and it was time for the first class reunion. It was held in a large park just outside of town. A large tent had been erected with tables for food and a space for dancing. Everyone wore tags which gave their names and their current positions. Both Sunalie and Magie’s nametags included “Senior IT Engineers.” That caused quite a few comments among their classmates. Magie replied to such comments with “We discovered a flaw in the amulet design. We now work for the company which makes the amulets and chips.”

There were many smaller tents advertising various business or household items and services. Right next to the main tent was a smaller, enclosed tent. On the top of that tent, flapping in the bright sun, was the golden flag with the pink slash through it. Magie and Sunalie walked over to the front of that tent and gasped when they saw the banner which read “Buklie’s Bitches, Sissies, and Studs.” Beneath that sign was smaller sign which said, “Preview Show - Free Admission for Class Members.”

For several minutes they stood there with their mouths agape. Then Magie said, “We might as well see what this is,” and they both stepped inside. The inside of the tent looked like a carnival tent with rows of seats facing a brightly lit stage. They sat in the very back row wondering what kind of show this was. Sunalie gasped when Buklie stepped out into the spotlight. She was wearing what looked like a skin-tight leather swimsuit that had a broad belt around it with a bright silver buckle in the front. Her head was enclosed in a leather hood which covered the upper portion of her face, but both Magie and Sunalie immediately recognized her when she called out “Welcome to the greatest show you will tell only your closest friends about.”

She then walked in a very stiff and upright fashion to the center of the stage and stood facing the audience with her legs spread wide. That stance accentuated her size and it looked almost like a giant was gazing out at the crowd. Buklie was wearing very long, shiny, black leather boots which almost, but not quite reached her crotch. The small area of exposed flesh seemed to almost glow white against the black boots. Her arms were similarly covered. Again, the open flesh above the swimsuit and the gloves seemed to glow in the harsh lights.

“Our first demonstration,” she began very calmly, “is one of our most popular sissies.” She laughed and then said, “You may recognize Brad as the captain of our longball team at school, but the chip always knows what is in your heart. Judy and Jodi are from the south lands, so if you recognize them, you must have really gotten around in school.”

The curtain opened and two young women in bright red bikinis led a naked, blindfolded young man out onto the stage. “This is a short demonstration,” Buklie said tersely, “so we have to skip a lot of the lead up.”

She quickly moved to the side of the stage as both Judy and Jodi took off their bikinis. Jodi quickly stepped into a harness which sported a rather long, perfectly shaped dildo. Judy, meanwhile, grabbed the sissy on both shoulders and slowly pushed him to his knees. Then she pulled slightly to bring him down onto his hands. She then stood in front of him and pushed her cunt into his face.

“Lick and nuzzle,” Judy said almost angrily. “It doesn’t stop until you take me to the top.”

Just as she finished speaking, the other Jodi rammed the dildo into the sissy’s ass. Brad’s scream was cut off as Judy’s cunt pressed even more strongly into his face. He began rapidly licking and nuzzling.

Neither Jodi nor Judy showed any signs of arousal as they effectively spit-fucked Brad for well over fifteen minutes. Then Judi began grunting with each stroke of the dildo. Evidently the dildo was at least partially double ended. She exploded with a loud groan and threw herself over sissy Brad’s back. A few seconds later the second woman groaned loudly and fell backward, pulling Brad down between her legs. He seemed to redouble his efforts and then his mouth closed around her clit. He was obviously suckling like a baby on her clit when Judy began groaning and screaming. As soon as they fell silent, the curtain closed.

“You can, of course,” Buklie said in a very seductive voice, “arrange for a private session with Judy and Jodi.” She swept her gaze across the crowd and said, “They are a bit expensive, but some of you can afford it.”

She then once again stood facing the crowd with her feet widely spread and her hands on her hips. “I also do private sessions,” she said in her deep sensuous voice, “but believe me, none of you could ever afford me.” After a pause she wagged her finger at the crowd and said, “Most of you couldn’t even afford to attend my full show.” She laughed and continued, “But after my free preview show here at our reunion, a lot of you will figure out a way to be there.”

She broke into a wide smile that showed all of her brilliantly white teeth and said, “Let me give you a quick introduction to my whole stable.” She lifted her hand toward the curtain which very quickly opened. There were at least two dozen naked people on the stage. On stage left and stage right there were two couples fucking normally. Just inside of that were male couples butt fucking. The next row were female couples with one of them using a large dildo on the other. Filling in the center and the back were motley groupings of female-female, male-male, male-female, and female-male oral sex. Some of it was mutual, in some cases one of the pair was kneeling on the ground while the other stood against the back wall.

Getting that many people to orgasm at the same time would be next to impossible, so when it occurred it was probably mostly fake. But it was obvious that several people– male and female– popped in unison with the performers on stage. Magie and Sunalie sat almost laughing as they watched various members of their class try to hide what had just happened.

The curtain closed and Buklie came to the middle of the stage. She spoke in an almost normal voice as she announced that there were brochures on the tables by the entrance which gave her tour schedule. Then she returned to her big, white smile and her deep sexy voice as she said, “And remember, it’s always a business doing pleasure with you.”

Magie and Sunalie were one of the first to leave the tent. They didn’t bother to pick up a tour schedule. “Well,” Magie said, obviously flustered, “I really didn’t expect that.”

“Neither did I,” Sunalie responded.

They both then stood staring out at the other tents on the fairgrounds and talking about the strange show they had just watched. After a while, Magie said, “It looks like everyone has gone. I guess we should wander over to the food tent and meet with some of our classmates.”

They were just starting to leave when Buklie herself stepped out of the tent. Her blond hair, or more likely a wig of some sort, was piled high upon her head. Her makeup was not overly done, but still somehow gave her lips and cheeks the impression of a woman in heat. She was wearing an overly long dress that looked like it had been painted on. The only thing which betrayed that it was fabric rather than paint was the slit which ran from the hem to the top of her right thigh.

She walked directly up to Magie and Sunalie and said in a firm voice, “You two dweebs modified my amulet!” When they reacted in shock, she continued in a softer voice, “Don’t bother denying it, it’s the only explanation. My parents very carefully trained me to desire my own business. If it weren’t for you two, I would be in line to become the boss of a large company by now.”

She stood staring at them for what seemed like several minutes and then broke into a smile and a laugh. “Thank you,” she said. “I had all of this bottled up inside of me and hidden from everyone. I don’t know how you did it, but you uncovered the real me.”

She cocked her head and again smiled at them. “Basically, I have always been a slut, but I had to hide it. I released my sexual tensions by being a bitch of a bully.” She smiled once more, but this time it seemed to be a much more genuine smile. “I forgive you and ask that you forgive me. Without your intervention, the evaluator programs would have never known who I truly was.”

She pointed to the tent and said, “My parents can now tell everyone that I run my own business. They just don’t mention what my business actually is.”

As Buklie sashayed away, Magie turned to Sunalie and said slowly, “Did we actually do that?”

Sunalie paused and then said slowly, “We’ve seen the programming for the chip circuits. We are among the very few that know that the embedded chip not only records your classification, it stimulates your brain in ways which insure that you love everything about your classification.”

Magie looked confused... or worried and asked, “But could it turn an angry bitch into a happy slut?”

“We will never know,” answered Sunalie, “but if we create the programming to insure that something like this could happen, we might become department heads.”
