---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Long Weekend C/D & S/B Adventure
authors:
- Sylvia Anderson
tags:
- Solo-M
- cd
- fem
- wig
- corset
- stockings
- heels
- nails
- public
- shopping
- toys
- insert
- electro
- cuffs
- gag
- mast
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2014-02-02 00:00:00
---

On a recent weekend the wife went away for a few days with a neighbour, a ladies only weekend. They were excited for weeks and so was I, but obviously for different reasons. My longstanding plan had been to spend some or most of the weekend in ladies clothes. As the date got closer thoughts of adding some self bondage also began to come into my head, and so over the last week a loose plan formed for one night of bondage to end one of the days.

In the days leading upto the weekend I decided to pre-paint some long glue-on fake nails. In the past I have tried painting them when on my fingers to less than stellar results. I also noticed glue-on toe nails and decided to try those for a change instead of painting my real toe nails. The evening that I chose to do this was the same one that my wife was painting hers for the trip, so I worked away in my home office while she did hers in the family room. Poetic planning!

I wore the toe nails to work the next day under my socks, and a few fell off inside my sock, but other than that they worked well and looked good.

During the week I had purchased some new 4" heel sandals, as I needed a "flatter" shoe than my normal 5", 5 3/4", and 6" shoes/boots, as I planned to do a little shopping. I also checked out a sex shop near work for some ideas. They didn't have any hoods, only partial masks, but I did see a few other ideas that I thought about over the next few days. It is hard to find decent hoods locally these days, except one store, but only through their on-line store, and I wanted instant gratification.

Day 1 (Friday) of the weekend trip I had to work for 5 hours in the morning. I quite often take Friday's off, but had to get a report done for a client, so pretty much had to go in. Besides I couldn't do much until after 10 am when the ladies were hitting the road, so really wouldn't gain much by staying home. My wife knows that I cross dress and tolerates it just barely, but is always afraid the neighbors will see, and she would be mortified if she knew that I actually went out shopping in female clothes, wig and makeup. The scary part is leaving the garage and hoping not to run across any neighbors on the way out. Sometimes I leave the wig, earrings and lipstick off until I get away, wearing gloves and a jacket to cover nails and boobs.

I got up early, while the wife was still asleep, and put on my corset and black, back seamed nylon stockings. I put a golf shirt and jeans on over that, and decided to skip socks as the jeans overhang my shoes quite nicely. A sweater over the golf shirt hid any telltale signs of the undergarments (no bra at this stage). Off to work, where I noticed that the corset forced me to sit much more to attention (might be onto something here). Finally got away from work at 1:00 PM, and stopped at the sex shop near the office, where I bought an electroshock device that fits up the anus, and a ball gag with an overhead and chin strap, as well as the around the head strap; no pushing the ball out with the tongue and teeth.

When I got home, I removed the work clothes, and put on my sheer bra with Size 9 breastforms. I stuffed a pair of folded socks behind each breast to push them out a little further making the bust appear larger. Over this I added a sheer top which is made in Brazil, with a turtleneck and long sleeves (saves me having to shave my hairy arms). Then pulled on a long grey skirt that came almost down to my ankles, and put on the open toe, strappy sandals which showcased my lovely painted toenails. Next came face makeup (foundation, eye shadow, eyebrow highlighting and red lipstick). Then came the jewels (all cheap stuff from Walmart, but looks good and got several comments later that day), which consisted of necklace, ring and watch. Also added long, dangly and deliciously noisey earrings that I bought from an accessory shop that sells a few clip-on pieces for the non-pierced ear set.

Finally I put on my wig, one with long straight brunet hair that frames my face and curls under my chin (it really changes the shape of my face) and added my nails, grabbed my purse, and headed out for some shopping. Because of the nails I pretty much had to go out complete and just hope that no neighbours were out as I left. As installing wig and so on after was not practical, and the long nails made even waving a risky proposition as it was too warm to wear gloves.

I headed out for a local boutique that the owner operates out of her house, and had to call ahead. She wasn't in, so I left a message and headed to the shop where I had bought my corset, wigs and many of my pairs of shoes. It was a warm day, so I wanted to take my jacket off, but my sheer bra / sheer top meant that I was showing nipples, so I was a bit concerned about this when out in general public, and opted to buy another wig with long hair that hangs down in front, covering the breasts, although still allowing me to show off my nipples when I so desired. Actually had a nice chat with the lady who had sold and fitted my corset previously and with a lady customer who was trying to get a corset for her wedding. Also bought some nicer earrings which I immediately put on. Still nice and dangly and noisey. I just love the noise they make as I sway my head from side to side. While there I got a call back from the boutique, and headed over to see her.

Her shoe selection is getting smaller, as she says it costs her a fortune to maintain a decent selection in multiple sizes, and indeed she had nothing in size twelve. I sat and looked through her shoe catalogues, and found a couple that I liked, but again was in instant gratification mood, so indicated that I would be in touch in the future. One time I may get her to do my makeup as she does this for many of her customers, male and female, for special events, photoshoots, or just for whatever.

Next I went to a local love/sex shop chain. There is one store on the edge of a commercial / industrial area that is never too busy, as I hate having too many other customers in the store at the same time, especially male. Actually female customers are generally quite accepting, and some are even fun to chat with. The staff at that store are generally friendly, and I often get compliments on my clothes or shoes when I go there. This trip I wanted to buy another spreader bar as I had bought one a few months earlier, and my plan for the night was to get a second one. The girl there said that they had moved all their advanced bondage stuff to one store located in a large mall. I really wanted that bar, and so screwed up my courage to venture into the mall. I opted to park in a location with the shortest route to the shop, walked in, bought the last spreader bar and headed back to the car as quickly as possible, always a challenge with heals on shiny tile floors.

Next I went to another love/sex shop that I hadn't visited in several years, that as it turns out despite having a different name is part of that same local chain. I wanted to see if maybe they had any hoods. They did have one fabric one, but I was looking for a full leather or latex model. In chatting with the girl who complimented me on my shoes, she mentioned another store that tended to handle more bondage stuff. I had been there once before, but wasn't too impressed with their selection, but decided to give if a try. So I went there and found a leather hood, but with open eyes (although by wearing a cheap mask that came with the electroshock device under that hood I could get the desired effect of total deprivation). While paying and chatting with the owner I indicated that I had just had a fun afternoon shopping, and was planning on a little self bondage when I got home. She showed me an ice lock, but I indicated that my self bondage was always at a very simple level and that I wasn't really ready for something like that.

On the way home I stopped at a supermarket which has self checkouts, and picked up some milk, cat food and a couple of pairs of pantyhose. Now I'm not really that much into pantyhose, generally preferring stockings and garters but my planned outfit for Saturday required pantyhose due to the mini skirt. I got a nice smile from a female customer as I was entering and she was leaving.

Now at home I fed the cats, and had a handful of peanuts and got to work on the self bondage. The plan was to use a spare ladder frame from an old shelving unit, Velcro the spreader bars at the top and bottom and prostrate myself on top. For clothing I took my skirt off, and switched the shoes for my 6" stiletto heals. For pleasure/pain, the electroshock unit up the anus past the sphincter, tight nipple clamps under the breastforms, and of course the new ball gag. I sat on the rail (adding cushions under the small of my back and my head), put the restraints (just a Velcro strap type, but they hold well and aren't too uncomfortable) on my legs and clipped them to the bottom spreader bar. Then the toys went in/on, and after installing the ball gag I put the blindfold on and then the hood.

Then time to lie back and lock the wrist restraints to the top spreader bar. I had to use both hands to lock my left wrist in place, but trying to lock the right wrist in place was proving frustrating as although I could just reach the release on the clip with my right thumb, pulling it back required assistance from the other hand, and I couldn't hold it open long enough to manouvre my right wrist into place. Opening these clips with the thumb was not going to happen. Of course you'd think that if I had succeeded I would have been trapped, but actually my release was that I could pull the cotter pin holding the adjustable portions of the spreader on each side and just pull them off the central shaft. In the end, I actually locked my right wrist in place that way, so obviously my restraint was easily defeatable, and while I could enjoy the sense of restraint, there was no real sense of helplessness, as I knew there was an easy out, but with the blindfold I must admit I always panic a little when I am bound in place.

Of course the nipple clamps did their thing, especially with my arms above my head forcing the nipples forward into my breastforms, and the electroshock unit was amazingly painful at the highest setting, considering the power source was just a large watch battery, but I had kept the control unit near my right hand so that I could adjust the pain level. The gag worked its usual magic, but because of the concern I have about vomiting or acid reflux I wouldn't want to stay gagged too long in the prostrate position.

So I attempted to get aroused and ejaculate into my condom, but despite all the right cues, this just wasn't going to happen, and so I released myself after about 20-30 minutes, and just masturbated the way I normally do on my bed. After a short post event nap (gag still in place) I unkitted myself, removed the female garb, and just threw on a t-shirt and pants and watched a back logged collection of recorded TV shows till 3AM, but all the while also planning the details of day 2.

o0o

Day 2, Saturday, started late morning due to the late night TV viewing, but was based on a plan to do more shopping, mostly in aid of a better self bondage experience that evening. I had decided, and tested a scheme where I would sit in a chair, 6" heels on, and place one spreader bar behind the legs, but lock my legs on from in front around the chair legs. In that fashion I cannot move my legs forward at all, and while I could move them backwards by sliding them out sideways and swinging the spreader back with them, they wouldn't travel very far, and in this position would actually be quite uncomfortable.

For the hands, I slid the other spreader bar under the arms, tight against my stomach (I am rather large, which unfortunately doesn't add to my girlish figure, but . . .), and then would attach my wrist cuffs to the ends. This would immobilize me rather effectively, so of course I now had the need for the ice lock, so item 1 on the shopping list. To do the attachment I would clip the left cuff on first, which I have not yet been able to open with my left thumb alone to effect an escape. For the right cuff I would tie one end of the ice lock to the cuff, and then padlock the other end to the spreader bar. Simple, but effective. And definitely to be one of my longer sessions with little chance of early escape.

Anyway onto the day at hand. Originally I had planned to just wear the panty hose, panties, bra and mini skirt and top, but then decided also to add the corset, minus the stocking garter straps. The top was actually a mini dress (medium, so somewhat small for me) that fit quite tight, and was a little short, leaving about 1/2 the miniskirt visible below. Just perfect as a top, and elicited a nice comment from the girl at the fast food drive through window later that day when I stopped to grab a bite. I also wore another sheer top under to cover my arms, and the open neck on the dress top. This one wasn't a turtleneck, but had a small scalop, that was nicely filled with my necklace.

Today I wore a relatively short wig, that still framed my face, but did not hang down below my chin on the front. For walking purposes, and to accentuate my miniskirted legs I chose my patent leather, knee high boots with 5" stiletto heels. They are actually very comfortable to walk in, and with the exception of the shiney, marble type, floors so favoured in malls, easy to walk in gracefully. The only downer was that the pantyhose kept rolling half way down my butt, requiring frequent adjustment. I think I have found the solution for the future, having bought some fashion tape to hold the top up against my skin.

Stop one was the bondage shop to buy the ice lock, and also as I would be sitting, something to increase discomfort in the lower area. They didn't have what I wanted, so I went to the first chain store that I went to on Friday and bought a vaculok harness, and an 8" straight shaft penis (i.e. no balls) to replace the butt plug that comes with the harness. For this evening's session, I would use the penis butt plug pushed tight up to the sphincter, and then place the shocking unit in the cleavage of the butt cheeks, just below.

Nails today were shorter and very feminine rounded tips, unpainted. This is the first time that I have seen these, but will definitely buy again.
After the two main purchases I went to a fourth location of the local chain, mainly because I get nice comments on my clothes/shoes from the girls there. When I arrived out front one was leaving on a break, smiled and said hi, but the other one inside was new to me and not very talkative, so I did a quick browse, and left.
At this stage it was time to head home, with a quick stop at the supermarket to buy toilet paper. Also on the way home I stopped to pick up a snack, and was lucky to get a young girl at the drive through. She really liked my top, and also said "thank you madam" as I took my order from her and pulled away. Even in one of the stores, one sales girl referred to me as "she" when she was talking to the other girl trying to get some information for me.
Once home I filled the ice lock with water and put it in the freezer. Then I went upstairs to get all the toys lined up for the session later on, and then came back downstairs to watch some more recorded TV shows to reduce my backlog further, and eat my take-out snack.
After a couple of hours I went to get the lock, but was easily able to pull it apart, so it went in again for another 2 1/2 hours, and I watched some more TV. Finally around 11 PM I picked up the ice lock, checked it and it was secure, so I went up and started the torture session.
I pulled off the pantyhose and put on stockings and my six inch stilettos, my legs were then locked to the chair legs, 8" penis butt plug up my ass with shocking device parked just below, nipple clamps on firmly, ball gag in mouth, hood on, but no mask as I wanted to watch myself squirm as I was parked in front of a large mirror. Then finally left arm clamped into place by the chair armrest, and finally right arm padlocked to ice lock which was clamped to the right armrest. No turning back now, but I kept the shock remote close at hand to turn down when the shocks felt too strong.
I kept pulling against the ice lock as I attempted to escape, but to no avail. I also squirmed around quite a bit to lessen the pain from the electroshock device, but this just upped the pain from the nipple clamps. This went on for an hour, but I did not get aroused, and finally on one more escape attempt the ice lock opened and I was free.
I had to complete my arousal by masturbating in bed, and then fell asleep for a short while with all the torture devices still attached. After that I removed everything and went to bed, planning not to do anything clothing wise or bondage wise on Sunday, as I had a few things that needed doing around the house.
Next morning I decided that as I did not get opportunities to have weekends like this too often I would dress up one more time but no bondage.
So I put on my bra and panties, pulled up a Rago girdle (all-in-one). While I don't absolutely need to use the bra when wearing the Rago, I find that it helps to better define the shape of my breasts as the Rago breast pockets are quite large and tend to let the breast forms define their own shape. Also if leaning down the breasts can slip out, so I just stick with the bra. I put on tan coloured stockings (with my toe nails on again). The Rago has six garters, so the stockings fit really well.
I then pulled on a tight slip that I have. It is not shiny nylon, but rather a stretchy, cloth type which could almost pass as a dress by itself. I can adjust the length by choosing how much to pull up at the bottom, so I can virtually have the bottom of the slip just slightly below the knees or up to work with a mini skirt. I had it down close to my knees, which helps keep my stride nice and short (I love that tightly wrapped feeling) and after putting on the sheer sculpted neck top again to cover my arms, I slipped on a delightful black dress that is sheer from the upper half of the breasts up, and somewhat opaque below that, with the bottom hem just below the slip. Make up and jewelry much as the past two days and I wore the face defining mid length wig. I glued on the long, red finger nails, and put on my 5 3/4" leather pumps.
My first stop this time was to my corset/wig/shoes source (the first store on Friday), where I bought some strappy open toed 5" heels. I had a pair before and they were very comfortable, so I wanted them as my 5 3/4" heels would have been murder on my coming shopping expedition.
Next I went to the store in the local chain where I get lots of compliments. The same new girl was alone again, but this time I engaged her in conversation looking for stockings. They didn't have what I wanted, but we had a nice chat.
After that I drove by another store that I go to some times, but there were a lot of cars out front, and so I decided not to go in.
Then I drove to a big box lingerie store looking for stockings. They didn't have anything that I liked, but I bought a body briefer that I planned to wear with my mini skirts to control the pantyhose rolling, but despite being an extra large it was still way too small and I couldn't return it as it was a final sale. Oh well you win some, you lose some. It was there that I noticed the fashion tape, and came back on Monday after work and bought a roll. The same two clerks were there, and I don't think that they realized that I was the same person.
There was one more component to my getup that helped me look more feminine. I bought some black framed ladies reader glasses from a drug store, and they really helped make my face look more feminine.
In all my shopping experiences during this weekend I was treated as a lady, and that made me feel good. Also while driving around I was so comfortable in all my outfits that I felt like going for a long drive in the country, but just had so much shopping to do.

It looked like I was going to have another opportunity the following Friday as my wife was going to be working an afternoon-evening shift, but due to not feeling well she cancelled. The plan had the opportunity arisen, was to do another bondage session, trying a longer freeze on the ice lock to see if it would last longer. Another idea was to surround the ice lock cylinder in a bag of ice to increase the protection of the core and further delay melting. Other thoughts were to start the shocking device and then drop / toss the control unit so that I couldn't relieve the effect. And finally use the blindfold to make me panic a little.

The biggest risk of extending the session accompanied by unrelievable shocking and a panic inducing blindfold, is that while I generally can withstand the pain from butt plug, gag, nipple clamps and now the shocking device while I am working up arousal, once I ejaculate I find the pain much more annoying afterwards, and locked into a longer session could be a painful experience.
