---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Girls Game Night
authors:
- nightgerbil
tags:
- F+-f
- fpov
- chastity
- tease
- climax
- cuffs
- cons
- X
date: 2025-08-31 00:00:00
---

### Part 4

Girls game night had rolled around again, as the four of us gathered at Alison's house. The rules of the night were simple. Each month, one of us would pick a game for us to play and would play the first match of each evening. This month, to all our surprise, Alison had chosen edging of all things. The consequences for whoever comes first would be being placed into a chastity belt for an entire week!

Last week Hanna had lost thanks to me! She had been spending this last week miserably, as I teased, tormented, bratted and sent her nude pictures. I’d even at one point, after she turned her phone off, left her a voicemail of myself masturbating including a very loud finale. Her text message the following day, promising vengeance in this life or the next for that little stunt had left me smiling all day.

I’d had a long day at work, filled with awkward customers and my feet hurt. A long shower helped me unwind though as I got ready for tonight. Because I was scheduled for double shifts this weekend at the restaurant, I planned to make the most of my night. I’d been looking forward to this all week and it promised to be fun.

Given the reasonable odds that I might be wearing a chastity belt home tonight, my mind wandered through my wardrobe as I braided my hair. If I was cuffed on a sun lounger, I didn’t want it getting in the way or being uncomfortable. So for tonight, I went with two dutch braids starting at my temples, lower down then my usual style. Running down behind my ears, they dropped past the front of my shoulders. Cute and effective, I thought happily to myself.

Putting on my makeup, I decided on a long skirt. I had a black ankle length one that would cover any belt. If I paired it up with my baggy pink hoodie then no one would guess what I was wearing underneath. Not the most fashionable of choices perhaps, but I was going to be spending most of the night naked regardless. This was just for traveling. That settled, I finished prepping, got dressed and slipped into a comfortable pair of old sneakers. Time to go meet the girls!

Arriving at Alison’s early, we exchanged hugs and got to some idle gossip. Like myself, Alison was single. Unlike me, she was looking for a relationship and seemed miserable about the guys ghosting her. She honestly seemed frustrated and a touch bitter. Hugging her tightly, I told her “Happiness doesn’t have to come from men you know.” She pushed me away and snapped, “Now you sound like Hanna!”

I eyed Alison closely as I said “Oh…now it makes sense. I wondered what was going on with her. She hit on you didn’t she?” Observing her blush and her mumbled no, I wondered what had happened. Something clearly had. “Is this what started this chastity shit? Calling me a slut?” I demanded.

“NO!” Alison’s shouted reply took me aback, but before I could press her the doorbell went and Claire arrived.

*This conversation will definitely be continued,* I thought to myself grimly. *Something's going on and I’m going to get to the bottom of it!*

If Claire sensed the tension in the room, she didn’t indicate it as she took off her coat. “Ugh men!” she exclaimed. “If he wasn’t so sweet! You know what he said to me!? Guess what he said to me!? You’ll never guess what he said to me! I’m clingy. He needs SPACE! What does that even mean!?” I raised an eyebrow at Alison and mouthed “who needs a man?” and had to suppress a giggle at her return glare. Turns out I can brat Alison too!

Claire obviously didn’t seem to notice as she continued her complaints about her boyfriend. I’d be more sympathetic, but I have never met a guy yet who was worth the trouble she was putting herself through. I still made sympathetic noises though as I waited for Hanna to arrive. I knew there was going to be a reckoning for this past week and if I’m honest, I don’t know if I’m more frightened or turned on thinking about what Hanna might do in revenge.

Hanna eventually arrived, being rather late I might add, but it was the sight of her that made us all gasp. She looked terrible! Hanna doesn’t like dresses, but she was wearing this old brown dress that covered her wrists to her ankles. Loose and baggy, it tightened only slightly at the waist and draped down to her ankles. Its only concession to fashion was the slight checkerboard pattern of the fabric, a lighter brown alternating with the darker brown and a covered neck whose white trim tickled her chin.

I had only seen her wear it during times of deep depression and I was horror struck at her baggy eyed no makeup appearance. It seemed as if she hadn’t washed her hair all week, nor bothered to tie it back for the night. All in all, it was a picture of perfect misery. I clearly wasn’t the only one who thought so, as Alison ran to her and gave Hanna a hug.

 Hanna seemed to perk up a little, greeting the others, but then came up to me and asked “Happy now?”

I felt the ground spinning from underneath me as I gazed at her and then caught her eyes…oh there she is! “You had me worried there for a second!” I said softly, as I gazed into her daggered rage.

She raised an eyebrow at me and I smirked back. “You are so gonna get it tonight!” she stated.

Alison’s fist punched my arm and took me aback. “Owhh what the?” I gasped.

“What did you do to her?!” she demanded, “The hell Marie? What happened? I know this was you, what's the matter with you!”

Hanna shoved me away as I stared at Alison in surprise. Hanna’s glare was directed at Alison though. “Leave Marie alone, this is between us.”

Confused, I watched the spark of rage flashing between them and…wait…was that jealousy? It WAS jealousy, both ways! Hanna being territorial over me and Alison hating it? Just what was going on with my friends? They only matched glares for just a few seconds though, before Hanna broke it off to grab me firmly by the back of my neck and hauled me over to the sunlounger. Grasping my hoodie at its base, she hauled it over my head with some force.

I heard Claire asking “Wait, aren't we going to roll dice?”

There was steel in Hanna's voice as she replied “Nope, Marie is going into that chair tonight.” I met Claire's worried eyes with mine as Hanna bent down and hauled my skirt down to my ankles. I felt a little fear now as she shoved me onto the sun lounger. Had I maybe pushed my domme too far this time?

She was firm but gentle as she cuffed each of my wrists to the top of the sun lounger with those pink furry handcuffs Alison had provided. I felt her tugging off my sneakers as I tried to meet her gaze, but she had clearly gone into full on domme mode. Oh boy! Was I about to get it! I shivered with the thrill of it as that icy fear made its way up my spine. I wondered what she had in mind. Locking the handcuffs around my ankles to each bottom corner of the lounger, she stood up abruptly and plugged the high powered vibrating wand into a wall socket. I’d wondered last week how powerful that thing must be, given it wasn’t using batteries. Guess I was about to find out!

Hanna looked up to the other two. They were just staring open mouthed in shock at us. They soon got moving though when Hanna snapped at them “Well? I haven’t got all night!” I’d never seen her use her domme voice with anyone else but me. It certainly worked though! Both girls jumped and scurried over to the other lounger while Hanna knelt next to me and grasped my cheeks firmly between her thumb and fingers. Turning my head she made me look into her angry eyes.

“Happy now Princess? Congratulations! You have successfully made me more miserable in one week than I have been in the last five years put together!” Her sarcastic voice quivered with emotion and I noted with, no small amount of glee, the frustration in her eyes. *Lord, her pussy must be like Niagara falls locked in that belt!* I couldn't say a word with my inner cheeks pressed against each other by her right hand, but she must have seemed something in my eyes then.

“Oh you think that's funny little brat? You feel like laughing do you? Well I’ll give you something we can laugh about together! Where do you think Ali got the idea for a chastity belt hmm? ME! Yeah that's right, it was supposed to be a present for your birthday. You and Ali are the same size waists so I measured the belt up with her. Do you have any idea how tight the waist is for me on this damn thing? I’ve no idea why she decided to buy one of her own, but I brought the belt I bought for you with me here tonight! Oh that's right, yes widen your eyes. The belt you're going to be wearing after tonight will be your own and I will have the only key. Guess what little brat? If YOU EVER want to touch your slutty little cunt again you're gonna do exactly as I say.”

“You and I, Princess, are going home to my place tonight. I cleared out my spare bedroom for you! Aren’t I a good Mummy? You are going to be staying with me now for the foreseeable future and if you are a really good girl? I might, might JUST MIGHT let you out of it sometime next month. Maybe. If you're good! Perhaps. In the meantime you have built up quite the check! I’m going to edge you, Marie. Oh I am going to edge you! I am going to make you weep and beg the Gods. You're going to be spanked every night before I put you to bed and you are going to cry yourself to sleep with the need in that thirsty little pussy of yours.”

She stroked my right hand braid with her left hand continuing on, “Did you think dressing cute will save you? It didnt Princess! you won’t be wearing braids for a long time. No, you don’t deserve a lot of things including cumming and braids. I’m going to put you in dresses in public and keep you tied up at home. You belong to me now, your ass is Mummys, now you naughty little slut. You think that shit with your dildo was funny huh? I’ll show you something funny. I’m going to fuck you with it while you're tied down to my bed until you beg and…”

The loud scream involuntarily erupted from me, ringing around the room. The orgasm that overtook me was loud, as Hanna rested back on her heels with a smirk of satisfaction. I whimpered as I heard Claire object from across the room, “Wait! We haven’t even started yet!” Hanna was brisk as she swept up her bag and opened it to produce a chastity belt. “Don’t worry about us babes,” she called across the room to Claire and Alison. “Marie and I are going now.” She wrapped the belt around my waist and I shivered as the locks snapped shut. “I hope you enjoyed that one Princess, because it's going to be your last for a while!”

I was still half stunned as Hanna uncuffed me and dragged me up off the sun lounger. I couldn’t quite believe what had just happened as she redressed me as quickly as she had undressed me. Still in a state of shock, I couldn’t resist as she caught a firm hold of the back of my neck again and started leading me out of the door.

“Wait Hanna… HANNA! Don’t you want unlocking from the belt?” called Alison.

“No need!” came Hannas reply tossed over her shoulder. “I’m busy right now! Marie and I have a lot of catching up to do and I’m pressed for time!” So saying, as business-like as I ever have seen her, she marched me out of Alison's house, closing the door on our two friends behind us. Leaving me wondering “Oh lord, what have I done?” as I was hustled out into the night…
