---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Girls Game Night
authors:
- nightgerbil
tags:
- F/f
- fpov
- bond
- toys
- chastity
- collar
- gag
- cuffs
- armbinder
- strip
- clamps
- crop
- rope
- chair
- hum
- climax
- sybian
- buttplug
- trick
- oral
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-09-11 00:00:00
---

### Part 6

I sighed to myself as I stepped out of the restaurant where I worked onto the street. It had been a long day in what had been two very long weeks. After last week's girls night Hanna’s mood had changed. No longer interested in edging me, she’d simply pushed two Geisha balls inside me. The round steel balls were connected by a short chain and had kept me wetter than an otter’s pocket the whole week! The chastity belt had been locked over the top of it and that was that! She had withdrawn into herself, suffering quietly and apart from my nightly spankings had pretty much spent the week alternately sulking and grumpily cuddling me. Her own neediness, caused by her belt, had left her crying herself to sleep every night.

We’d had a conversation about Alison’s behavior last week and came to the conclusion that it was indeed her month to play and set the rules. We decided together we were going to cooperate, but I saw the hardness in Hanna’s eyes. Alison was writing a very big cheque for herself! I’d never known Hanna to be big into forgiveness!

Hanna was waiting to meet me, standing by her car. With her was Claire and as I greeted them both we all looked over what each other was wearing. Hanna was still in the long frumpy brown checkered dress she had been living in for the past three weeks. She had washed it, removing its stains, but it didn’t do anything for its dated style! At least she’d washed and combed her hair for tonight I thought to myself.

I of course was wearing my work uniform. It was an ugly affair! A white blouse with my name “Marie'' stitched on the left breast with yellow thread. A yellow tie with a gold tie pin, tight yellow knee high pencil skirt with white tights and three inch heeled yellow shoes. My hair was worn up on top of my head in an achingly tight sock bun, wrapped with a yellow scrunchie and with enough hair glue and bobby pins to ensure it wouldn’t come loose any time this year!

The worst of it though was the extremely heavy makeup I was having to wear. My boss insisted on makeup and Hanna had used my dislike of how it felt against me! Adding more and more had only pleased my boss Gillian, who’d been pushing me on the subject. It soon became a cycle between Hanna adding more and Gillian approving of it and insisting on it becoming a permanent fixture while I was at work! Now my face and scalp itched beneath the hair products and foundation, trapping the sweat to my skin and my scalp ached from the tightness of the sock bun. A constant reminder that I was being punished, as if my needy pussy wasn’t enough!

Claire on the other hand was wearing a long trench coat. Stepping closer, I saw her makeup was nearly as heavy as mine! An all black theme, the eyeliner was drawn on to alter the shape of her eyes into angled ovals. Her lips painted with a mat black lip paint matched the black eyeshadow that filled in her entire eye sockets. She’d worn her hair tonight in two space buns on top of her head that looked nearly as tight as my own bun!

As I came to a halt in front of her, I opened my mouth to say “Hello!” Before I could speak though Claire opened the front of her trench coat and I gasped at the sight of what she wore underneath! She still had on the black leather collar that last week Alison had locked around her neck! It had a D ring on the bottom at the front and “HORNY SLUT” written on it in gold writing. She was wearing a black corset basque set cinched at the waist with black suspenders leading to fishnet stockings. On her feet were a pair of opened toed four inch stiletto heels!

As I looked back up to meet her eyes, she pulled the trench coat shut. There was anger in Claire’s voice as she hissed “Since you two *abandoned me* last week, THIS is what *Mistress* has been making me wear! You know she’s been making me message selfies to her? Checking I was obeying! At work, food shopping, she even made me meet her last Sunday dressed like this! Took me to the cinema for the latest disney movie, then spent two hours babbling about it in the restaurant afterwards!!! Its a fucking childrens movie! While I’m dressed like this trying not to die inside!!!”

I glanced over at Hanna, but she was just looking at the floor saying nothing. I knew how she felt! I was appalled! What on earth had gotten into Ali to do this to us all? Looking back at Claire I asked her “Why? Why are you going along with it? I mean, I’m guessing she refused to remove the collar? Couldn’t you just cut it off?”

Claire looked sulkily at me as she replied “No. I could reach it behind my neck with a hacksaw I guess, but she told me if I did she was going to tell Colin about chastity belts and lend him hers to use on me! I’ve had to avoid him all week because of this. She has pictures of me tied up and everything! So I’ve had to play along with her little power trip. Besides, it is her month. She’s said it ends after tonight though, so at least that's something. Oh I should warn you both; She has something big in mind for tonight. She’s been dropping hints all week and she's as excited as I have ever seen her.”

I looked glumly at Hanna. This didn’t sound good at all! Hanna just opened the car door though saying to us both “Come on, let's get this over with…” Getting into the back seat, I felt a sense of foreboding. I had a bad feeling about tonight.

Arriving at Alison’s house we were met by her at the door. It seemed our little friend had been impatiently waiting for us! She was nearly bouncing up and down as she beamed at us. “Come in, come in!” she grinned happily. Walking inside, I took note of how she was dressed and it was really quite bizarre! An all white trouser suit, with a double breasted jacket, white blouse and a white tie! Even her shoes were white and perched jauntily on her head was a rather dapper looking panama hat. It was white of course, with a black headband around it. She’d put her black dyed hair into braided pigtails with white ribbons braided into them. I honestly didn’t know what look she was going for?

Walking into her living room though, I saw that she moved the furniture around again. Now the couch was against one wall and all the chairs lined up against the other. Spinning on her heel in the wide empty middle space, Alison turned to us and asked “Ready, sluts?” She giggled at our frowns and said, “Well lets begin!”

Alison pointed at Claire, which elicited a sigh from her chosen victim. As Claire removed her trench coat, Alison stepped in to inspect her. Looking her over, Alison smirked “Very good, Slut! See you can obey simple tasks! Now put this on.”

Alison handed Claire a black ballgag and we watched as a visibly reluctant Claire put it on herself. Alison smirked again as she passed Claire a black padlock and Claire’s eyes closed as I heard it click shut. I could well imagine what she was feeling and a shiver ran through my own groin, reminding me how turned on I was right now. “I am so horny, when WILL I get to cum?” I asked myself. I certainly needed to!

Alison produced a set of black leather handcuffs then and handed them to Claire. I watched Claire buckle them around her wrists, then place the black padlocks she was handed through the locking buckles. Making Claire apply her own restraints only emphasized to me how far Alison had come these last two weeks. Claire appeared to be dominated in a way Hanna could only dream of conquering me!

Finally Alison produced one last padlock and used it to attach the centre of the cuffs chain to the D-ring on Claire’s collar. With less than six inches of chain each side, Claire’s hands were held uselessly at her throat. Alison slapped her butt hard while pointing at a chair to one side and ordered her to sit down.

Turning to Hanna, Alison snapped her fingers at her and ordered her to “Lose the dress.” I watched Hanna’s eyes flash and she locked eyes with Alison.

“Oh no!” I thought to myself, “I’d better do something to help this along!” I walked behind Hanna and unzipped the back of her dress, pulling it from her shoulders.

Alison laughed at that. “Well one of you two Sluts can follow instructions I see!”

I grabbed Hanna’s shoulders, afraid she would take a swing at Alison as our tormentor heedlessly turned her back on us both and walked over to the couch. Hanna shook me off and stepped out of her dress. Looking back over to the couch I could see a number of bags were laid on it as Alison rummaged through one. She walked back over to us holding a black leather armbinder and handing it to me said “Put this on her Slut. Take her bra off first.”

Hanna didn’t move or help as I took off her bra. I had to grab her hands and pull them behind her, but at least she didn’t resist as I placed her hands palm to palm. Pulling the black leather glove over her hands and up her lower arms was simple. Straps over her shoulders and under her armpits came together above her breasts and buckled closed. The last bit was to lace the glove up, but Alison frowned as she saw I was leaving slack in the laces. “I want her elbows touching!” she ordered me.

“Alison, is this revenge for last week?” I snapped. “I know that rope binder was tight on you Ali… I mean mistress, but…” I stopped speaking as Alison had turned away from me walking over to the couch. She returned holding a spider gag!

“You don’t get to brat ME Princess!” she sneered handing it to me. Hanna said nothing, only staring at me not intervening. With a sinking feeling in my stomach, I reluctantly put its rubber ring between my teeth. I wasn’t surprised, though my heart sank further, as Alison handed me a padlock without a key after I buckled the gag around my head.

Clicking it in place in the gags buckle, another shiver ran through me and I could feel my clitoris tremble demanding to be touched. My hands roamed over my face, feeling the four metal prongs of the gag caressing my cheeks as my tongue flicked around my lips through the ring that spread my open mouth.

I silently went back to Hanna’s monoglove and laced it up to Alison’s satisfaction. After that Alison handed me a brush and a hairband, ordering me to put Hanna’s hair in a tight high ponytail. I was glad Hanna had taken care of her hair that morning so I didn’t have to deal with any knots! While I was doing this Alison made another trip to her couch and hid what she was returning with behind her back from us.

Alison handed to me what she was carrying at waist height, blocking with her body Hanna’s vision of it. I frowned as I looked at it behind Hanna’s back: it seemed to be a black leather head harness with a black bit gag attached. Shrugging to myself at the secrecy, I pulled it down over Hanna’s head and pushed the bit between her teeth. The buckles were complicated, around the back of the head, over the head, side of the head and under Hanna’s chin.

Stepping away from it I noticed though three additions to the harness I had originally missed! First on either side of the mouth hung two large steel rings. Secondly at her temples were two large black leather flaps that obstructed Hanna’s side vision. “Blinkers!” I realized. Finally on the top of the harness were two black leather horse ears! I wondered what on earth was going on?

Alison ordered me to braid Hanna’s ponytail, handing me another hairband, this one having two silver bells attached to it. I frowned at this, Hanna hates having her hair braided and she was definitely reacting to the harness I had put on her. As Hanna wiggled in her restraints, Alison called to me “Princess, use the hairbrush on her arse if you need to.” I squeezed Hanna’s shoulder and she settled down as I braided her hair as ordered.

Alison returned once again, this time with a black collar and Hanna flinched away struggling hard as it was shown to us both. Looking at it with horror, I understood why Alison had applied the armbinder first! It was a locking collar in the same style as the one around Claire’s throat, complete with a D ring and gold writing. Only, this gold writing spelled out “Lollipop”. As I fixed it around Hanna and locked it in place, Alison stroked Hanna’s cheeks whispering “Good girl. Good girl Lollipop. That’s a good girl.”

“Sit her down over there,” Alison ordered me as she went back over to her couch again. Hanna was halfheartedly fighting me as I pulled her to a chair and she just looked on miserably as she saw what Alison was bringing back with her. She seemed resigned to her fate now and I was worried about her. This wasn't like her at all! Looking at what Alison had brought over though I cringed inside. It was a pair of knee high black leather pony boots!

Pulling them onto Hanna’s feet I saw they were extremely high heeled inside, holding her feet stretched to what must have been at least a six inch heel. These boots would be punishing to walk in! I laced them up tightly and buckled the strap under Alison's watchful eye. The strap was wide, covered the laces and came with a lock that snapped shut with a click. The keys were nowhere in sight.

“Last thing!” Alison declared and handed me two nipple clamps. From each dangled a large ball and I felt the weight of them; they were heavy! They chimed as I held them up before me.

“Bells!” I thought to myself. “She’s making me put bells on Hanna!” At least these clamps weren’t toothed. Rubbing Hanna’s nipples between my fingers, feeling them grow hard I looked into her eyes as I attached them. She was panting, staring back at me wide eyed and if I didn’t know better I’d have said she was quietly panicking. She squealed through her bit-gag as I attached first one then the other. I was careful to lower each weight gently, so it didn’t tug on her nipple, but I was shocked and dismayed to see a tear trickle down her left cheek.

I spun on my heel, determined to confront Alison: This had gone too far! It was time to end this! As I turned on her though, Alison grabbed my right wrist and a handcuff clicked into place. Spinning me around, she quickly had my hands cuffed behind my back.

“Damn it!” I thought. “Bitch is fast!” I could only fume as she walked me over to a chair beside Claire and made me sit down.

“Enjoy the show Sluts!” Alison’s grin was from ear to ear. Now I was seriously worried. Walking back over to Hanna, Alison attached a set of black leather reins to the rings on each side of Hanna’s mouth. Pulling on them she hauled Hanna to her feet. “Come along, Lollipop. Let's walk you for a bit!”

I watched with Claire as Alison led Hanna up and down her living room by her reins. Hanna clearly struggled walking in her boots, but Alison was not being gentle with her as she picked up the pace. On one pass she paused to produce a riding crop showing it to Hanna. I watched Hanna shake her head at that, her long braid swaying and the bells in it chiming away. On and on they went, up and down the room.

I was worried about Hanna, watching her panting. The weights on her nipples were swaying back and forth, the bells sounding their own music. That had to be uncomfortable and I knew her swinging braid with its own weight and bells would be mortifying to her. I’ve never known Hanna react well to not being in control. The knowledge that this must be terrifying for her made me want to cry.

Alison had taken to using the riding crop now to insist Hanna raise her knees as she walked. Knees coming up now over her waist with each step, at least the pace had slowed as Alison walked her up and down the room. “Good girl Lollipop!” Alison giggled. “You’ve got the hang of it! Time for exercise!” Alison snapped her fingers at Claire and I, “Follow me, Sluts!” then walked Hanna slowly out of the room, towards her dining room. The clomp clomp of Hanna’s boots didn't drown out the tinkling of her bells or Alison’s demented giggling. Meeting Claire's eyes I saw the worry and concern she felt too! Was Ali insane?

Moving into the dining room, I saw Alison had dismantled her dining room table. It was in pieces resting against one wall, its chairs stacked next to each other. In its place Alison had set up two treadmills side by side and an exercise bike facing both! Leading Hanna to one of the treadmills she walked her onto it and tied her reins to the front bar.

Moving over to the treadmill, I saw Alison had rather cleverly attached a leather belt via chains to the hand grips on each side of the treadmill. Buckling it around Hanna’s waist, the belt supported her and would keep her from falling and stumbling on the treadmill. Alison turned and grabbed Claire next. Leading her over to the second treadmill, Claire was soon belted onto it as well.

Alison turned to me with a big smile and I glared helplessly back at her. “Let's go Princess! This next stage is all about you… seeing as you're the only one who won’t be cumming tonight!” Her giggle might have been cute under any other circumstances, but right then I wanted to strangle her! She walked me over to the exercise bike and sat me down on it. Hooking my feet into the stirrups, I watched with dismay as attached leather ankle cuffs locked me into the machine.

“Seriously? Who buys exercise equipment then turns it into bondage gear? This girl has too much money!” the bitter thought passed through my head as she unlocked my handcuffs, then brought my wrists to the handlebars of the bike. There two more leather cuffs awaited them and I was soon locked to my own instrument of torture.

“Now Girls! I’m setting Marie's bike to a five kilometer distance! She ought to be able to do that distance in fifteen minutes! When she completes it, exercise time is over! Meanwhile I’ll be setting your machines to increase walking speed every FIVE minutes! Let's hope for your sake that Marie isn’t a lazy slut tonight hmm? Although she has just finished a full day's work. Maybe she's tired? Let's find out!”

Alison chortled as she set the controls of the machines. I glared at her as I started to peddle away. She was right about one thing, I was tired after my shift. She smirked at me as she set herself up behind Hanna and raised her riding crop. I could only snarl helplessly as she brought it down hard on Hanna’s backside. “Knees up Lollipop!” she yelled.

The next fourteen minutes were pure torture for me. Watching Hanna forced to trot on that infernal machine, braided hair swinging in those infernal boots while Alison “encouraged” her with a riding crop. I was determined to finish it as fast as I could for her and went all out to do it. I could feel cramps in my thighs as I pushed through breathless. I needed to stop this. I could see Claire was struggling on the far treadmill, evidently Alison had set it to a higher speed and the girl was being forced to run. That couldn’t have been easy in 4 inch heels while she was ball gagged! Alison was for sure writing quite the check for herself when this was all over…

I was panting breathlessly as the chime went on the bike announcing the five kilometres was complete. Slowly winding down the pedals, I watched Alison shut off the two treadmills. Both of its captives were breathless and clearly exhausted and they came to a halt. Claire was released first, then Alison came to the exercise bike and released me. She didn’t bother restraining me though as she took my arm and led me back into her living room. I looked puzzled over my shoulder as Hanna remained restrained, exhausted on the treadmill.

“Slut, Follow us!” Alison’s barked command at Claire brought her with us and as we entered the living room she directed Claire to the couch. “Sit slut and rest.” She ordered her, before leading me away to one side.

Alison met my gaze with those big eyes of hers. “Ok Marie! Help me finish this, please?” she whispered. I was stunned. After her performance tonight she wanted me to help?! “Just trust me okay? Hanna will be fine I promise. I can’t do anything about your belt or for you, but honestly that's sorta your own fault isn’t it? Just help me do this and I’ll owe you big time, deal?”

As she gazed at me I could only blink in confusion. Just what did she have in mind? “Of course if you don’t I’ll have to explain to Hanna why it's YOUR fault she's going home tomorrow in the chastity belt.” We matched glares as I realized I didn’t have a choice. After all Hanna had gone through tonight, I knew I couldn’t make her suffer another week. Damn Alison! She knew just which one of my buttons to push to make me help her!

She left me standing there fuming as she went back to bring Hanna to the living room. I watched Hanna slowly trot towards me, led by her reins. She was bringing her knees now almost to her breasts as she was guided, bells tinkling, to a chair. Alison produced a key from her pocket and the tension in the room seemed to grow as she showed it to Hanna. It fit into the lock on her chastity belt and finally after three weeks the belt was removed.

Alison was strangely gentle as she pushed Hanna back onto the wooden chair. Looking at how she tied her I realized it was the SAME chair Hanna had tied Alison to last week! I wondered, just what HAD happened after we had left her there?

Alison tied a rope through the ring on the bottom of Hannas armbinder to the chairs back, holding her arms solid against it. She then pushed her knees wide past the sides of the chair and lashed her thighs there, spreading Hanna obscenely to us all. I could see Hanna's pussy open, labia spread. My poor friend was dripping! Three weeks of denial would certainly do that to a girl as I could totally attest! But had tonight's humiliation made it easier or harder on her I wondered?

It seemed incongruous that Alison then took a cushion from her couch and pushed it behind Hanna’s lower back to support it. The concern for her comfort after so much cruelty. Alison was smiling at us all like this was all some great enjoyable game! I shook my head, glaring at her, but she didn’t seem to notice.

“Now Lollipop!” Alison announced happily, “We get to the fun part of the evening! There's been a question in my mind since I went through your laptops search history. Oh don’t look at me like that!” Alison's giggle seemed dismissive of the breach of privacy she’d just admitted to and I was shocked! How dare she?

“After you measured me for Marie's belt, Lollipop I just HAD to get one of my own. I needed it for this month you see. So you would all finally start taking me seriously!” Did Alison just stomp her foot? The thought flicked through my mind, as my clearly insane little friend kept going with her bond villain speech!

“That’s when I discovered all the ponygirl porn you like to watch. You had loads saved in that secret folder. Why did you name it holiday photos? To hide it? Or for some other reason? Which made me think, Lollipop. What could I do for one of my best friends? Could I maybe make her most secret naughty wish come true?”

“Which is why Lollipop I have found a farm for you! I know that's right! How exciting! I’ll be sending you there tomorrow and you can spend SIX whole weeks being trained. How about that?” Alison was laughing hard now, but I was stunned as she continued on. A farm?

“Why are you shaking your head? Are you worried about your Princess? Don’t worry I’ll take care of her for you while you're gone. No? You don’t like this? Well if you aren’t really Lollipop you must be Mistress Hanna then? Are you sure? I don’t think you are sure. I don’t think a *Mistress* would be as soaking wet as you are right now about being a ponygirl Lollipop!”

“I think you are a good little ponygirl slut who's going to enjoy the farm I’m sending her too! They have other ponygirls there you can make friends with. You will even learn to pull a cart, isn’t that marvelous?”

As Alison turned on her heel and took three steps away I had a chance to see Hanna’s face. Her eyes were wide and she seemed frantic as she shook her head. She was straining against the chair and the ropes. Her braid was swinging wildly behind her, bells jingling. I took a step forward of my own accord, locking a glare on Alison. I stopped though as she winked at me and turned back to Hanna.

“Of course if you really are a *true* mistress you will be able to control that slutty pussy of yours won’t you? Thankfully we have an easy way to find out tonight! Are you Mistress Hanna or Lollipop the ponygirl?” Alison turned to me. “Princess get over here. If Lollipop can last fifteen minutes of your tongue then I’ll untie her. Otherwise if she cums, the farm will collect her tomorrow! Oh and no cheating! If you do Lollipop forfeits and I can always pay for two places…”

I watched Alison throw another cushion down at Hannas feet between her knees. Again with the comfort, so I didn’t have to kneel on the hard floor. I was in turmoil as I stepped forward. What should I do? Alison was crazy! I met Hanna’s eyes though and my heart stopped. She looked at me with eyes dancing with fire. Rage… and raw lust. Her body was still struggling, but I felt a moment of clarity pass between us. I remembered how we had agreed to play Alison's silly game tonight, come what may. I nodded to her and knelt on the floor between her feet. I would just have to trust her to hold on!

Alison put a stopwatch on a chain around her neck and clicked the button. Then brandishing her riding crop, she pointed it at me and commanded me to begin. I rested my hands on Hanna’s thighs and poked my tongue through the ring gag.This was definitely harder wearing this thing!

Tracing Hanna’s clit with my tongue I could feel it tremble under me. It was hard, already pulsing with its desire and her pussy was open and leaking. “Oh no!” I thought to myself in despair, “There's no chance she will last five minutes let alone fifteen!”

Fortunately I guess Alison took that moment to bring her riding crop down on Hannah's left breast. The weighted bell flew as her breast wobbled and through her gag I heard Hanna’s scream. Under my tongue her clit itself seemed to shrink back inwards and I followed it under her clitties hoodie, chasing it with the tip of my tongue and coached it back out. It trembled under me as I caressed it with my tongue. Only to quiver again as another scream rang out as that cruel crop descended again on Hanna’s right breast.

I’d spent these last two weeks watching Hanna suffer with her locked pussy. Listening to her cry herself to sleep. I wasn’t surprised she was so close to cumming and knew she had been looking forward to it. Now as she desperately fought NOT to cum, my own pussy trembled and my pussy ached, imagining myself in her shoes. I couldn’t fathom the strength of will it took to be fighting my tongues teasing.

The riding crop Alison was periodically wielding to make Hanna’s nipple-bells chime was undoubtedly helping Hanna resist me, but I suppose the outcome was never in any real doubt. The explosive orgasm when it came was massive. Her body shook and she squirted over my chest, her sticky cum hitting my tie and drenching my blouse! The thought crossed my mind that it would take some washing now! Would I be able to get the stain out?

I was brought back to my task though as Alison's riding crop descended on me! Straight across my butt with a wave of fire as she demanded I keep going. Her thumb clicked on her stop watch as she announced “Eight minutes forty seconds” with satisfaction. I glanced up briefly to see she was holding Hanna’s face up to hers by her reins. Staring into Hanna’s eyes Alison cooed “Good girl Lollipop, there's a good girl” as Hana was brought to another orgasm and then a third, each bigger than the last.

Hanna’s head was sagging to one side now as Alison finally moved and tugged my arm, pulling me up from her. Her eyes closed as Alison untied her legs and then the armbinder from the chair. “Help me” Ali ordered and together we lifted Hanna up and carried her half unconscious between us to the couch where Claire was sitting.

I finally had a moment to look at Claire, gagged and handcuffed as she was, as she stood up. Her face seemed stunned, her eyes horrified. As she looked at Alison I saw fear. I knew how she felt! Where did this little monster come from? What had she done with our friend Ali? Yet Alison was right there as we gently laid Hanna on the couch. She fluffed a cushion under her head and covered her, armbinder and all, with a blanket.

“Good Girl Lollipop, such a good girl. You go to sleep now, there's a good girl. Goodnight.” she whispered to Hanna, before standing and motioning both of us out of the door. We were standing in her downstairs hallway now and Alison motioned us both upstairs as she turned around and locked the living room door. That was new too! She'd had locks fitted to her internal doors?

Reaching the top of the stairs, Alison ordered us both into a back room, saying “This is for slut!” I stopped in horror as I walked inside and Claire spun, staring at my eyes, begging for help. I couldn’t do anything though, as Alison grabbed Claire's arm.

“Come on slut!” she said cheerfully. “It's time to meet the Sybian! You’ll love this! I had a go on it yesterday and it's amazing! Of course I only spent 10 minutes on it and you’ll be there until morning! I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!” She giggled then and dropped into a conspiratorial whisper, “it was really expensive so I hope you do!”

Sat in the centre of the room was a Sybian! A sleek saddle shaped machine, its sturdy shape finished in neutral black, from its saddle two dildos protruded upwards. Claire allowed herself to be led by her arm to it and at Alison's urging reluctantly swung her leg over mounting it.

Alison picked up a tube of lube and greased both dildos before helping Claire lower herself on them. Claire’s loud moan as they entered her set my own locked pussy into another spasm. I could feel my clit twitching as I watched Alison lift each of Claire's ankles and buckle them to the side of the Sybian. Claire's cuffs were unlocked from her collar and attached to the saddle in front of her and then Alison stood back with a smile.

“Watch this, Princess!” she said to me happily then turned on the Sybian. Immediately I heard Claire's wail through her gag as the Sybian started up, vibrating underneath her. Alison hadn't finished though moving to a camera pointing towards the Sybian! Turning it on, she moved to a laptop on the desk behind her and started pressing keys. I watched horrified as she giggled to herself.

“There you are slut! Tonight's being recorded for you! We can watch it together in the morning! And of course, if you're a really really good girl I won’t share it with your boyfriend!” Claire's gagged scream echoed through my ears as Alison pulled me out of the room by my arm. Pulling the door behind her I heard its push lock click home. Looking at the door, I saw it had no outside handle, only a keyhole to a lock that I had no key to. I really couldn’t help Claire now as I glared at Alison.

“Come on, Princess,” she giggled at me. I reluctantly followed her into another room. As the door was pushed behind us and I heard her lock it I looked around at what I guessed was to be MY fate tonight. The room was virtually empty aside from the sun lounger we had been using these last few weeks. To each of its corners were attached the pink furry handcuffs used to restrain its nightly prisoner. Next to one wall was a long table, filled with sex toys. The high powered vibrators that plugged into the wall were both there. I’d been wondering what they felt like for weeks now. Guess tonight I would be finding out…

Next to them was a whole array of stuff. A paddle, a flogger, Alison's pinwheel and bearclaws from last week. There were nipple clamps and clothes pegs. She had even somehow acquired the giant feather Claire had tortured me with when I’d been in that sun lounger! The girl had clearly been busy gathering all this stuff!

I turned around though with a frown gazing at Alison. While I had been staring at the toys, she had been getting undressed! Her hat and jacket were on coat hooks on the back of the door and she was taking her shoes off as she looked up at me with a smile. “You’ll want this” she said, handing me a key.

I looked at it as she kept undressing before recognizing it for what it was. Pushing into the lock on my gag, It fit and I pulled the gag, away stretching my aching jaw. Darn that was a relief to be free of the thing! I turned back to her with a glare, but before I could speak she interrupted me.

Her eyes were flashing as she said “Don’t you dare start on me Marie. This is all your fault anyway. You ruin everything! You ruined my turn on the lounger, you ruined MY games night, you even ruined Hanna for me!”

“Hanna for you? What the hell are you talking about?” I snapped back

“She’s in love with you, you dolt!” Alison was yelling at me now. Was that tears in her eyes? “You're just too blind to see it. You know what she said to me? We are just friends! Well yeah after tonight lets see about that huh?”

“So you're sending her to a freaking bondage farm?!!!” I snapped back. I was flabbergasted! Was all this really over jealousy? SHE had hit on Hanna? Well she could have Hanna over my cold dead body, I thought as we matched glares.

“What farm?” she sneered back at me. “I made that up. Worked though didn’t it? Did you see how she reacted? Claire is not being filmed either, but she's going to think she is as she's cumming her silly little brains out tonight! After this they will both take me seriously. As will you!” she concluded by poking me hard in my left breast.

My mind spun as I blinked at her. Before I could reply though, she had her panties off and thrust them at me. Then she walked over to the sun longer and sat on it, locking her ankles into the handcuffs. Staring up at me she glared.

“You better not ruin this again Marie! Do your worst! I expect no mercy!”

Mercy? After tonight? After she’d made me watch her torture our friends? Oh she’d asked for this! “She was going to get it too!” I thought as I walked up to her. I was mad as hell with her! I looked into her eyes though as she locked her own wrists up and opened her mouth for me. Stuffing her panties in behind her teeth, I gazed into them and saw tears. I felt my own anger fade

I sighed and stroked her head. “Ali… why didn’t you talk to me? Of course I take you seriously. I’m sorry I’ve been ruining things for you.” I buckled the ball gag between her teeth, locking the panties in before continuing. “I’m not going to hurt you. I am going to show you how it's supposed to be.”

She blinked at me and with that I descended down on her. I sighed to myself, I really was tired and this was really going to be a long night! As I started on her clitoris with my tongue, I wondered what the morning would bring? Was this really all my fault?

And most importantly of all; how was Hanna downstairs? Sleeping in her bondage, was she dreaming of being sent to a farm? Or having nightmares about it? Had tonight's ordeal traumatised her? Would she be ok? And was she really in love with ME? I was worried and I couldn’t wait until morning when I could hold her again.

Raising my head, I brought my hand down on Alison's quivering clit five times with five hard slaps as I stared in her eyes. Watching her squeal through her gag, I winked at her and went back down on her again. That girl really should be more careful what she wished for I mused!

Tonight she was gonna get it!
