---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiesek/her_superpowered_pet.html
title: Her Superpowered Pet
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- F-f
- petgirl
- superhero
- collar
- naked
- bitchsuit
- buttplug
- hood
- leash
- oral
- blindfold
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-05-17 00:00:00
---

Being a superhero could be a tiring and draining job, physically and mentally. And right now, as she glided down towards the bank where a robbery was happening, it was the latter strain vexing Samantha, better known to the world as Crimson Nova. With her super hearing she could clock the distant approaching sirens of the local police. She’d beaten them here, which was par for the course. It helped she was already responding to an escaped convict, who seemingly had not only broken out of custody not twenty minutes ago, but was now in the process of attempting to rob the bank below. Even now, she could also hear the muffled voice in the bank reminding the civilians inside to hush. It was an all too familiar slightly nasally voice, Sadistica’s.

Crimson Nova floated to the front door cautiously. Sadistica was a C grade supervillain. She had the minimum level of physical super traits to be considered a metahuman, or in other words far more strength and durability than a regular human. By comparison Crimson was perhaps 100 times Sadistica’s strength as an A tier superhero with powerful combat skills. It should make taking the villainess down easy enough, especially with her speed, flight, and strength being unmatched by her opponent. Yet, she had tangled enough times with this particular supervillainess to respect the threat, or really annoyance, she could be.

While her physical attributes were lackluster, Sadistica’s real talent was her inhuman intelligence. If she weren’t a villain Crimson would admire such an intellect. She always had a soft spot and immense respect for a brilliant mind. As it were though, she knew to respect Sadistica’s devious one. She’d been ensnared plenty of times by meticulously concocted schemes by the woman. Crimson had always come out on top mind you, but more than once she had nearly been bested in the countless times they had fought.
She reached the door with no apparent signs of any awaiting trap. No faint hum of a secret device. No subtle sign of henchmen laying in wait. And that made Crimson all the more nervous. Sadistica had always confronted her with some ridiculous, but thought-out plan. Yet now she seemed to have made a series of poor decisions. The villain had escaped from her prison transport at the worst possible place along the route, the one that placed her in the middle of Spire City, and closest to Crimson’s patrol zone, which the villain had to know. Then the escaped convict had chosen to attack a major bank with a plethora of silent alarms and security systems that she hadn’t disarmed. It was sloppy, and it was not Sadistica’s typical style. She had to know Crimson would be on her in no time. It made Samantha fear this was a trap specifically for her.

Nothing though seemed to indicate there was actually any hidden ambush. Her superhuman senses detected nothing. *What are you up to, Annalee?* Crimson thought, using the supervillain’s real name. Her heart fluttered in anticipation of the confrontation to come. It had been a full month since she last faced the villain. She took a deep breath and readied herself to face whatever Sadistica had plotted. She burst into the marbled lobby, her trademark deep crimson aura pulsing, a declaration of her power. The image she was greeted with was surprisingly pedestrian.

Along one wall, a dozen bank employees and customers sat unfettered and mildly annoyed instead of fearing for their lives. Nowhere were the usually absurd bondage setups that typically adorned Sadistica’s victims and played into her little evil dominatrix schtick. Speaking of which, it was odd to see the villainess in a baggy orange prison jumpsuit instead of the impractically tight latex or leather outfits that normally clung to her like a second skin. She was brandishing a small makeshift shiv instead of some fetish inspired weapon. Sam felt oddly disappointed. This looked more like a poorly conceived and botched heist by a strung-out druggy than a carefully constructed gambit by a deviously brilliant villainess.

*Something has to be amiss*, she thought. *Annalee’s too smart to have made this many errors in her escape.* Something was afoot, but what? Nothing in the bank seemed askew or out of place. She drifted forward hovering off the ground by a few feet. “Sadistica, drop your weapon and surrender now.” To her shock the willowy woman dropped the small makeshift blade and raised her hands in compliance. A wry smile on her face.

“I must be slipping, I didn’t have you arriving for at least another five seconds, Crimmy.” There was the usual playful but arrogant lilt to the villain’s voice. She always sounded slightly conceited, and Samantha cringed at the annoying pet name her opponent all so often used.

Samantha paused again. *At least some things don’t change*, she thought. Still, there was a tension in her chest. Had she missed something? Sadistica was too confident, and seemed to have known she was going to be caught. Maybe I missed something she is concealing on her. Sam’s crimson infused eyes scrutinized the other metahuman. The jumpsuit was loose, but didn’t appear to conceal anything as she could make out the bony outline of the thin woman. The prison’s inhibitor collar was gone, meaning Annalee had access to her limited superhuman skills and her hyperintelligence. Sam let her gaze linger for a moment on some of the more familiar traits of her frequent adversary. Her chestnut hair was in an uncharacteristic sloppy bun that strangely suited her despite being so different than her usual tight braid or severe high ponytail. Deep blue eyes looked filled with unsurprising apprehension of their own, though also an excitement that seemed incongruous with the woman’s predicament. She looked over the villain once more even though it was obvious she didn’t appear to have anything prepared. It made no sense.

Crimson Nova moved cautiously to subdue the villainess. With practiced ease she glided around the stationary woman, and using reinforced cuffs, she pulled Sadistica’s soft, almost delicate, hands behind her back and cuffed them. That was a weird way to think about restraining the villain, she realized. Trying to shake that odd thought she asked, “What were you thinking?” Sam was genuinely perplexed by how poorly planned this escape plot by a woman she knew to be far too clever for something so ill advised.

“Oh, I just needed some fresh air, you know. So, going to turn me back over to the SCPD? I’m sure I won’t immediately escape those buffoons. It’s not like I wriggled free from their clutches mere minutes ago.” There was a teasingly flippantness to the sarcasm dripping from each word.

Crimson sighed floating back around to the front of the seemingly recaptured villainess. She knew Annalee wasn’t just saying that for some sense of bravado. She had a valid point. Sam already knew she would make sure to fly Annalee directly to metahuman processing herself, but why would she call out what would be an easier to escape option? *What is going on in that mind of yours?* Confusion mixed with concern in Samantha’s mind. Had Sadistica simply snapped during her most recent incarceration? Samantha tried to read the other woman. She seemed nervous, but less out of fear than anticipation. She could sense Annalee’s heart thumping in her chest, her breathing slightly elevated. Skin prickling. Is she excited at being caught? That seemed preposterous.

“Don’t worry Sadistica, I will personally take you in.” A smirk and hiked eyebrow answered her proclamation. Sam tried to ignore it as she scooped the smaller woman up in her arms in what might be called by some a bridal carry. Someone might ask why Crimson used such a gentle hold, but it was all for entirely practical purposes as it made flying easier. Yes, easier, that was it. She had to admit it always surprised her how light and thin Annalee was. Sam noted it was a familiar position, though without one of her garish outfits, Annalee was not only lighter, but smelled of the cold antiseptic of generic prison soap instead of the usually pleasant smells of leather and latex.

Clapping jolted Sam back to the reality of the moment. The hostages were all standing cheering Crimson on for the successful rescue and subduing of the criminal. Sam wanted to blush. She had all but forgotten the world around her as she tried to parse out what was going on with the enigma of a woman now in her arms. She quickly returned to form though. “Thank you all. Is anyone in need of medical care?” She hadn’t noticed anyone with any injuries, but it was still standard procedure to ask.

If this had been a few years ago when she and Sadistica first started crossing paths half of these people would likely have significant injuries as the villain played into a violent dominatrix persona in nearly all she did, but in the last couple years that had rarely taken place. Some light bondage for captives, but no harsh beatings. Today appeared to continue that softening trend as everyone said they were fine. “I need to get this criminal back into custody, but SCPD and emergency services should be arriving on site momentarily if anyone needs assistance, and they will want to take statements.” With a nod that caused a lock of strawberry blonde hair to fall across her cheek, Crimson Nova bid the freed hostages farewell.

As she and her captive flew out and up into the sky, they witnessed a number of patrol cars rolling into the bank parking lot. Crimson soared further into the air. She wanted to be clear of buildings just in case Sadistica had some plan to take her down on the way back to the main metahuman processing center. As they rose higher, Sam became aware of Annalee leaning into her embrace and chest. Samantha tried to once again ignore the feeling, but felt herself automatically grip the smaller woman ever so slightly tighter. Once at a sufficient height she began flying as quickly as she dared. Sam knew if she flew at even a fraction of her max speed, she’d blow out windows and cause other damage. That had been a hard lesson when she had started working in a major urban center versus her more rural hometown. As they coasted towards their destination, Sam found herself continually glancing down at Annalee. The supervillain continued to have that nervous but excited look to her. It was unsettling the superheroine for some reason.

Perhaps, halfway along their route, the recaptured villainess broke the silence. “Oh, Crimmy dear, I have something quite enlightening to tell you.” She was trying to sound mocking, but there was a sincere anxiousness hiding in her words.

Sam halted, “And, what’s that?” She sounded terser than she meant. Annalee seemed to tense at the tone. *What is even going on today with her?*

After an audible gulp, the supervillain continued, “I won’t tell you until we are in private and on the ground.”

Every alarm bell in Crimson Nova’s mind went off. This smacked of a trap, but looking at those expectant eyes, they seemed filled with sincerity and not maliciousness. “What is this about and why can’t we talk up here?”

“Well, Crimmy, I think it might be good for you and I to be on solid ground when I tell you this secret. It might be a little paradigm shifting in nature.” Those sharp-witted eyes looked pleadingly up at Sam. The superheroine didn’t want to trust this deceiver, but she was intrigued. What could be so mind altering that she needed to not be flying to hear it? Was it an apocalyptic plot by another supervillain that Sadistica had gotten wind of?

“Seriously? Just tell me, Annalee.”

The villainess seemed to be the one surprised by the informality this time. She shook her head, “No Sam, I really need to talk to you in private on the ground now.”

“Fine, but you better not be planning something.” Samantha spotted a quiet, dark alley they could speak in. In seconds, she was setting Annalee down on the asphalt between two brick buildings. She stood, crossed armed, a couple feet from the other woman. “So, what’s so important?”

The supervillain’s gaze dropped to the ground. She appeared to be fretfully fidgeting. “Heh, I thought this would be easier. I’ve been practicing this for the better part of a year, but now that I’m finally about to say it all, it just feels so heavy.” The words were no more than a hushed whisper.

Sam’s nerves started fraying. What exactly was about to be said?

Annalee’s words started coming rapidly and with a raw uncertainty foreign to her normal arrogance. “Look I’ve been thinking a lot, and I want to start really atoning for all that I have done. I want to rectify my mistakes to do some good in the world.”

“If you wanted to do that, why break out of prison? Why not enroll in a rehabilitation program? I would have gladly sponsored you.”

“Because I would be wasted there! They’d keep one of those infernal inhibitor collars on me, dulling my mind. And to what end? Working some nine to five minimum wage job when I get out? If I get out.” Annalee shook her head. “No, I can help save lives by assisting someone like you. I know they don’t give you the support you need. You’re a S-tier hero, you simply need some help. With my abilities to discern patterns, to construct plans, to anticipate other’s actions, and my knowledge of the criminal underworld we could make a real difference here in Spire City.”

It wasn’t hard for Sam to see the possibilities. She had often daydreamed after their many battles how Annalee could do real good if only she had chosen heroism over villainy. That mind was beautifully bright. She wanted to believe that she could trust this woman. She yearned to see her turn to the light, but that was the problem. She wanted so badly to see the Annalee that could be sleeping dormant inside the villainess. She’d always dreamt of what that would look like both for the good of the city, and if she were being honest, for her own quiet hopes. The idea of working alongside her was intoxicating. “You’re not wrong, but…” She trailed off trying to order her thoughts. To reconcile her feelings and aspirations against the tempered reality of besting more than five years of schemes and plans by the villainess.

Sensing the hesitation in Sam, Annalee moved forward a step or two and blurted reassurances. “Look, I know I don’t deserve freedom. Not yet, and maybe never. But it would be a waste to let me rot in a correctional facility. You have that holding cell in your secret lair. You can keep me there as a prisoner. And I could perhaps provide remote aid to you on missions. With some tactical forecasting, research, and strategic planning you could become a real force for change, and I…I can help with that.” There was an almost desperate plea to the words.

Samantha could see the logic, and Annalee seemed genuine in her appeal. She could feel herself cracking. “How would this work though? I’d be harboring an escaped criminal in my basement basically. And what would be in it for you? Even if you earned your freedom in my eyes, the law would still send you to jail the minute you step back out into the world.” Sam stared intently with her crimson eyes at the other woman. Annalee seemed to be looking for how to phrase her response. Sam brushed away another errant strand of strawberry blonde hair as she shifted from one foot to the other awaiting an answer. She wanted the response to be convincing. One that could assuage her fears and concerns. To that end she was prepared to wait.

Silence stretched for what felt like forever, but was probably no more than twenty seconds. The words when they came were soft, delicate. “You asked what I get from this proposal. There are a couple of answers. The main one is I get the opportunity to actually find some modicum of redemption for my sins. To help others and better the world that I have until now, only made worse.” Samantha looked on as a trembling and teary-eyed Annalee continued, “Second, and this is so hard to admit, but I want to be kept as a prisoner. No, that’s not precisely what I mean. I want to be your prisoner specifically.”

Sam audibly gasped as the woman known to the world as the villainous dominatrix Sadistica dropped to her knees prostrating herself before the superheroine. “I’ve known for a long time that I wanted to be yours. To be your prisoner, your plaything, your pet even. I’ve dreamt such fantasies since practically the moment I met the real you. Most heroes are all bluster and hypocrisy. My experience is that they are mostly in it for the money, the fame, the power, but once I realized you were the genuine article…that you were someone who actually believes in the ideals. Well, then I knew I wanted to be yours, to dedicate myself to you. To maybe enjoy a blissful life as not your equal, for I don’t deserve that, but maybe as your pet. To be used however you see fit.”

The world seemed to freeze in the moment. Samantha couldn’t believe what she had heard, not because of how absurd it sounded, which it did for the record, but because it mirrored a dark inner truth of her own. She couldn’t deny that every time she had done battle with Sadistica she had felt alive. Not because of the fight itself or besting a villain, but because simply being near the villainess had always stirred unspoken feelings in her. Each time she captured Sadistica had been exhilarating because she had in a strange way claimed the other woman, and then there was the clear emptiness she felt once she turned Annalee in to the authorities. The late-night fantasies she had about pinning that willowy and wonderfully intelligent woman down to her bed, to do unholy things with, were all too frequent to be dismissed. She had tried all these years to shake those feelings. To deny them out of fear. To write them off as foolish fantasy, but now here in some dank alley she was being forced to confront them. Her mind turned into tumult.

A sudden dark line of thinking entered her mind. A practical arithmetic predicated on the sincerity of the proposal and confession. She’d test Annalee’s resolve and emotional truth. Sam clenched her jaw glaring down at the villainess before her. “Prove it,” she commanded coldly and severely, catching them both by surprise. It was a vague order. She didn’t even fully know what she meant by it. But Annalee seemed to have the answer. She shuffled forward on her knees before bowing her head low and kissing the top of Sam’s crimson-colored boots. The smaller woman then looked up the towering physique until their eyes met. “I would do anything no matter how humiliating or degrading to be your mere pet. To have the chance to bask in your radiance.”

The words should have sounded bizarre, or perhaps comically melodramatic, but Sam could only feel warmth filling her soul at the pledge. There was no doubt how today would end now. No fear of a trap, only the anticipation of a new strange shared future. Samantha kneeled down. She took the narrow chin of her former enemy in her gloved hand tilting it up towards her. Both of their hearts were hammering. She felt like she was an observer in her own body, as she pressed forward into a part of herself that had always been there, but that had remained mostly silent until this moment. An odd mix of cold command and seductive heat infused Sam’s tone as she spoke. “That was a good start, pet. But you had better make good on it once we are home.”

The smaller woman whimpered at the words, but her eyes flashed wide when Samantha pressed into a kiss. The two melted into that simple intimate action. Years of unspoken tension and unresolved lust fueling a kiss that lasted for longer than either could fathom.

#### *Ten months later…*

“Crimson, that was a hell of a call. I have no idea how you knew what Imperial was planning, but thank god you did.”

“It was all luck,” Crimson Nova smiled. She wouldn’t have known anything about the supervillain’s plot if it weren’t for her lover and secret partner, the former villainess once known as Sadistica, but known to Samantha as Annalee, or at times simply as ‘pet.’ Crimson’s cheeks flushed. It had been a unique relationship. Speaking of which she really needed to get back home to her adoring pet girlfriend. “Hey, Glacial, do you think you can wrap up things here? I need to head out.”

“Oh, what, you have a date tonight?”

Crimson tried not to blush more, but her silence made the effort a moot point. “Oh, damn. You do! So, who’s the poor soul who has to follow up on Bonnie?”

Sam tensed at her ex’s name, and at the prospect of her relationship with Annalee becoming known to the world. “I, uh, I might be seeing someone, but that’s my business.”

“Fine, fine. Keep your secret. And yeah, I got this. Go get your freak on.”

*If only you knew*, she thought, giving a wave as she made her way home to a modest house in the suburbs. She changed into street clothes along the way. Simple jeans and a shirt. Approaching the front door, she looked excitedly at the large delivery box on the front porch. Her special surprise for Annalee had arrived. She’d take care of it later. Stepping inside her house, she smelled something delicious cooking in the kitchen.

“Hey, Sam! I’m finishing up your dinner,” a cheerful, if nasally, voice drifted down the hall along with the delightful aroma.

“Thank you!” She shouted back as she started walking towards both the noise and scent. She was lucky to have Annalee. True to her word, after moving in, Annalee had leveraged her hyperintelligence and knowledge of the criminal world to take Crimson Nova to new heights as a superheroine. The way their skills complimented each other was quite surprising. As if it were destined or planned that way. Of course, from the start their relationship had been more than professional. She glanced at the door that led into the basement. Below there was her secret hideout. At first, Annalee had been confined to the metahuman containment cell, then the basement, but by the second month of her willing captivity the former villainess had free rein of the house. They still had to remain cautious, as they needed to keep Annalee hidden. She was a wanted woman after all. They still used the cell for parts of their play time, and would certainly tonight with the surprise she had for her lover.

Walking into the kitchen, Sam saw a familiar sight these days. Sitting on the table was a single plate of delectable looking food, and standing next to it was a completely nude Annalee, well save for the pet collar around her neck. Even after months of seeing the slender former villainess in this exposed way, Samantha cherished the sight. She’d been surprised the first time to see how thin the smaller woman was. You could see her ribs faintly, not for lack of food, she just had a very thin and bony physique. It was a stark contrast to Sam’s more muscular build.

“Really, thank you. Both for the support, and for this.” She waved to the plate, as she strode up to Annalee, her arms wrapping around the nude woman. They enjoyed a long kiss, before Annalee sheepishly asked, “Did I do good enough to earn a reward, mistress?”

Sam cupped the woman’s chin turning it up to her for one more kiss. “Of course, my pet.” She then sat down, and started eating, intentionally ignoring Annalee for a moment. The former villainess stood at attention, but let out a soft whimper. Samantha tried not to look, but couldn’t help side eyeing her, well let’s be honest at this point, girlfriend. She smirked. She knew her lover wanted to start their play immediately, the fact that the table was only set for one was plenty sign of that.

With a feigned exasperation Samantha sighed. “Sit pet. I’ll get you some dinner.” A happy animal noise, like a dog yipping, escaped the smaller woman as she dropped to her hands and knees. Sam grabbed two dog bowls from a cabinet. She filled one with water and the other with dry kibble. It still felt a little strange to treat her lover like an animal. It went against her old concepts of acceptable behavior, and yet that is what Annalee desired. Admittedly, there was something darkly erotic about seeing the other metahuman in the house crawling around on all fours and obeying her every command.

Setting the bowls down in front of the former villainess turned girlfriend, turned pet girl, Sam reminisced about how Annalee had educated her on the finer aspects of this form of play. At first it was hard for Samantha to understand how someone could detest a power inhibiting collar, but willingly seek out wearing a pet collar. Annalee had pointed out two clear differences. First, was the obvious. One was against her will, the other was her desire. More importantly though, at least in Annalee’s explanation, she liked the pet play because she could let her mind wander and let someone else take care of her, but she still retained her hyperintelligence and felt like herself. It wasn’t dissociation, but a way to relax and lean into trust of another person. On the other hand, the inhibitor collars took her sense of self. Sam had been embarrassed to have missed such obvious distinctions. It had just been so alien to see someone want to play at being an animal, a pet more precisely.

Annalee was already happily lapping up the water. Her body always seemed to relax so much whenever she embraced their pet play. That had honestly been the biggest factor in Sam accepting this part of their budding relationship. There was also certainly something to say about the untainted affection and obedience Annalee demonstrated as a pet. Sam had grappled with that, honestly. Initially, she felt ashamed at the enjoyment she felt controlling the brilliant former villainess. At first, she interpreted her own feelings as dark and base.

Yet, she came to realize Annalee’s obedience was actually a sign of her trust and affection for Sam, and the demonstration of that through the play was what Samantha had, on some subconscious level, found so attractive and arousing. Mind you having a beautiful woman collared and on her hands and knees didn’t hurt either, but that deeper trust and connection were far more important. Sam returned to her own dinner. A small satisfied noise came from her dear pet at one point. She reached over and ran her hand through Annalee’s chestnut hair as if petting a dog. “Good girl, Bella.” Samantha used the pet name they had come up with for their play. After all, apparently you couldn’t be a proper pet girl without a new pet name according to Annalee.

The former villainess leaned up and into the scrunches from her lover, her owner. Sam smiled. Here inside their home this was a way they could have fun showing affection in such a strange way, and though only her name appeared on the deed to the house, the superheroine did indeed view the house as both of theirs at this point. “Do you want your bitchsuit tonight?” Annalee wiggled her butt as if wagging a phantom tail, and then nuzzled into Sam’s legs. It was her way of saying yes. The superpowered pet girl was not allowed to make anything other than animal sounds when they were playing. They had safety signals in case they needed to break character, but Sam’s lover had been very adamant about enforcement of this rule, even cajoling the heroine into punishing Annalee harshly anytime she spoke even a single word. Early on it happened on occasion, but through some physical discipline, orgasm denial, and a bit of firm language, Sam had trained her lover, at her behest of course, to not speak when playing their pet game.

Samantha ate quickly. She could tell her girlfriend was eager to progress the night. As she stood to go to retrieve the suit, Sam remembered the package outside. “Oh, by the way, I have a surprise for you later. I think you’ll love it.” The other woman looked up inquisitively trying to read Sam.

From the bedroom closet, Sam retrieved the reinforced suit. They had shredded two expensive bitchsuits before realizing Annalee’s metahuman strength, while far weaker than Sam’s, was still too much for standard fetish wear. The same had been true of the other initial restraints they had bought for their kinky games. The one in her hands now though had survived over six months of play. The former villainess had been the one to locate and purchase it, and a plethora of other fetish gear for them to use, but had refused to divulge exactly where she had found them. The likely answer seemed to be from some quiet part of the dark web. That left Sam a little uncomfortable about who exactly was making such gear and for what purpose, but she couldn’t deny the quality. Returning to the kitchen she found Annalee sitting perfectly ready to receive her second skin. “Good girl, Bella.” The words filled with genuine praise. She loved how the affirmation made those narrow features light up. The sight of the suit probably helped, too. Speaking of which, she moved closer to apply the outfit.

Soon Samantha went through the familiar ritual of adorning the lovely woman she cared for. Mittens covered hands, making them useless while straps drew thigh to calf. A built-in plug made a false tail protrude from Annalee’s behind. The suit was made of some polymer composite that contoured the slender woman’s frame perfectly. It sheathed her arms, legs, and most of her body in matte black. It did have some, well, strategic openings. One at her sex and another set exposing her chest. The final adorable feature was a hood that turned her facial features into an inhumane blank canvas. Eyes and lips were all that escaped the black material.

“Alright, time to take it easy after a long day.” She picked up the leash attached to the collar, and gave it a light tug. Really the leash was unnecessary, but Sam knew how much her lover enjoyed the feel of that pull. The tall heroine led the pair to the living room where she promptly picked up a novel she had been reading and plopped down on the couch. Without words Annalee knew she was expected to join Sam, and while it was a struggle, she managed. Sam enjoyed the feeling as Annalee lay across the taller woman’s long powerful legs. While she read, Samantha continually traced the matte material and the small exposed parts of her petgirl and girlfriend. She often let her free hand wander to her the warm space between Annalee’s legs.

Reaching a particularly steamy section of her romance novel, Sam pulled her own jeans and panties down. “Lick.” She commanded without taking her eyes off of the words dripping from the pages. A wet lap struck her womanhood. It felt wonderful and promised the excitement to come. Sam huffed and ran her free hand through her long strawberry blonde hair. She bit her own lip as pleasure radiated outward from Annalee’s licks. The images in her mind of the romantic tale, the sensations enveloping her body, and the sight of her girlfriend basking in the bliss of her pet play was all too much, she tensed and screamed out. After a few panting minutes she looked down to a smiling Annalee. “Happy with yourself? Are you trying to convince me to keep you like this all weekend?”

In answer the superpowered petgirl started working Sam’s clit and pussy again. A moan escaped Samantha, and before long another orgasm tore through her. “Fine, I guess, you earned it,” she coyly conceded with a wide grin still gasping for air after the last climax. One advantage to them both being metahumans was that the pet play and various strenuous positions Samantha placed Annalee in, could be maintained far longer than a normal person would be able to.

Sam sat up on the sofa in a contented bliss. She leaned in and kissed Annalee. “Now, I need to get your surprise ready, so why don’t you wait here like a good girl, Bella.” She rubbed the woman’s cheek lovingly, planting another quick kiss before turning and grabbing a blindfold. She took Annalee’s sight away, and then gave a small peck to her forehead.

Despite the size and heft of the package, Samantha handled it with ease, moving it from out front down into the basement, and finally to the cell in the hideout below. Opening the large box, it was filled with barred metal panels. It was a specially made cage. Similar to the bitchsuit, they had tried dog cages previously for Annalee, but every one they tried proved a disappointment, bending and shattering to the former villainess’s strength. This one came from a specialty vendor, and one who had been willing to create something sturdy enough to contain a low level metahuman. Samantha had to convince the artisan that this wasn’t for anything nefarious. After all, if someone asks for a small cage to hold a superpowered person, it only made sense to wonder if the commissioner was a supervillain or something. In fact, Sam had to pull the ‘I’m Crimson Nova’ card. It meant there was someone out there that knew her superheroine persona was into some kinky things, but hopefully, they just thought the cage was for her personal use. Of course, even the barest inspection of the cage’s dimensions would make clear it was far too small for her.

Currently, the cage was disassembled, so Sam went about correcting that little problem. Crimson aura flashed at one of her hands as she used her powers to melt and fuse two of the panels together. She repeated the process until five of the six sides of the cage were bonded. The bars on all sides, including the bottom, were thick and squared. They were unyielding and would be more than sufficient to hold Annalee for however long the petgirl desired to be kept. “Okay, time to introduce my pet to her new home.”

As she ascended back to the living room, she wondered how long she should let Annalee enjoy the cage. It was a good question that she was still pondering as she walked in to find a blinded and very much still bound in the bitchsuit, Annalee vigorously humping a pillow. The groans coming from the petgirl were low, and somehow despite her super hearing, Sam had missed the sound until now. It was clear Annalee was purposefully being naughty, but also that she clearly hadn’t reached an orgasm this way yet, nor probably could.

Sam smiled, *well guess that answers how long she’ll get the cage*, *as long as she can handle it.* “Bella! NO!” she bellowed at the misbehaving petgirl. Annalee froze and began apologetically whimpering and lowering her head. The act of supplication was so adorable that Samantha considered letting the impropriety slide, but she knew the other woman had misbehaved precisely to be punished. Realizing a punishment was inbound, Annalee must have guessed what Sam was about to do, as she resumed her assault on the poor throw pillow. Without a second word Sam flew into an adjacent room and grabbed their chastity belt.

“Bad girl! NO!” she boomed as she hovered over the couch and rolled the petgirl onto her back. She quickly wrapped the metal band around Annalee’s hips. It had a remote-controlled insert that slid home into the thinner metahuman’s pussy, and she shuddered at the act. Without activating it, the phallic attachment would act as a constant frustrating reminder of her inability to control her orgasms. With finality Sam closed and locked the device onto Annalee, who futilely pawed at it with her mittened hands. “And to think, I just put together a fun surprise for you. You’re such a naughty pet.” She clicked her tongue in mock disapproval.

“If I hadn’t already put so much effort into your gift, I’d half a mind to take it away for being so incorrigible, Bella.” That was a lie, and they both knew it. Sam loved when she got to discipline Annalee as a pet. It was mainly because she knew how much her partner would enjoy it, but she couldn’t deny that she was getting wet from it herself. It always seemed to ignite a small dark, but playful, spark in her soul. She lifted the delinquent pet with ease, and with Annalee in Sam’s arms, the superheroine drifted back down to the cell in her secret lair.

“Even though you don’t deserve it pet, I’m going to let you enjoy your gift this weekend. What can I say, you’re too cute not to spoil.” She pulled away the blindfold, and to her relief and satisfaction, Annalee groaned in approval as she saw what was there. Sam suspected Annalee had somehow determined what the surprise was since she didn’t actually look surprised, just horny and happy. *Of course, she would already know. She’s always been three steps ahead of me*, Sam smiled to herself. That was probably the most attractive thing about her former adversary turned lover, the intelligent mind she had. That brilliant brain was actually the single most sexy thing about Annalee.

Returning to the task at hand, Sam commanded lightheartedly, “Now, in you go, Bella.” The pet girl gleefully trotted on all fours into the cage, the chastity belt seemingly forgotten for the moment. Sam oriented her so that Annalee’s head faced the open front side of the cage, and she lifted the last panel into place. Again, Samantha’s hands flickered with crimson aura as she merged the metal together sealing on the last panel. The good thing about her powers were they didn’t actually heat the metal, so there was no threat of harming her lover. Annalee had the widest grin on her face. The petgirl knew she was truly sealed in with no way to escape until Sam released her.

“Now for your punishment.” Sam activated the phallic device at a low hum. It was enough to keep Annalee aroused, but nowhere near enough to be satisfied. “I think we should let you acclimate to your new doggy crate. What do you say, Bella?” The other metahuman nodded energetically. “Good girl. So, it’s Friday afternoon so let’s say we keep you in there, except for a daily potty break, until Sunday night?” The petgirl made a lustful groan of approval. Sam blew her a kiss, and floated over to the cot in the cell. She’d sleep down here to keep an eye on her lover for safety.

She also pulled out her phone and set up a secondary safety. A message to her old mentor the semi-retired superhero Coppereyes. Now if something were to happen to Sam, Annalee would still be found and set free. You never could be too cautious in her line of work. If something happened and the safety message went to Coppereyes it would be embarrassing for Samantha and she would have a lot explaining to do, but she supposed if that happened, she would likely be either incapacitated or dead, a morbid but realistic part of her work.

Shaking the morose thought. She watched Annalee luxuriate in her new pet cage. It had a few attachments too that Sam looked forward to trying out over the weekend. For now, she would let her pet girlfriend enjoy the new, if cramped, space. A small pang of sadness lanced her though. The cage was small by design, but it reminded her of how Annalee hadn’t been outside in months. They couldn’t risk it of course, but she wished she could let her girlfriend get some fresh air. She imagined too that Annalee likely would love to go for walks as a pet, but that was out of the question.

Samantha even had a fenced in backyard, but the risk of discovery was simply too high both for the kinky play, but also if someone recognized Annalee’s face. If only there was a way to let her get some outside time. *She must be going stir crazy stuck inside all day.* Then a strange thought crossed her mind. What about her parents’ farm? It was in a really rural area, and they had a lot of land. Enough that she and Annalee could maybe even take a walk as pet and owner.

It sounded so enticing, but it was really little more than a fantasy, right? After all, how would she explain Annalee? Her parents wouldn’t mind her bringing a new girlfriend around. Unlike most of her hick hometown, Sam’s parents had been extremely supportive and loving when she came out as a lesbian years ago. The problem was how to explain who Annalee was. There was a solid chance that her parents, from newscasts, would recognize her girlfriend from her villainess days as Sadistica. Would they be okay with her dating a reformed villain? Would they believe she was reformed? There were some hard questions to consider, but Sam realized that she wanted them to know about Annalee on some level, as she wanted them to know about this woman that meant so much to her already, even after only 10 months.

Wrestling with what to do. She sat back and watched her sweet little metahuman pet. They had a fun weekend ahead. She’d have to recharge the device embedded in the belt a few times, but she fully intended to edge Annalee all weekend, and then on Sunday, she’d turn it to full blast and pull one after another orgasm from her dear lover. She could already see the bitchsuit clad woman convulsing in mind numbing ecstasy inside that small cage. It would be so delightful to watch. To know she had created that happiness for this beautifully flawed woman.

#### *Epilogue - Sunday Night*

Samantha, wreathed in crimson aura, drifted about five feet above the floor of their bedroom. Her body was parallel to the ground, her girlfriend stretched out laying atop her as they both floated nude and relaxing. In fact, Annalee had fallen asleep in Sam’s arms. A comforter dangled from the pair making their post play airborne cuddle session a relaxing and cozy affair. Annalee’s face was nestled in Sam’s chest. A nice pillow she supposed for her tired girlfriend. Sam stroked the sleeping woman’s still damp hair. Following an hour of near continuous orgasms in the cage, Sam had set her free on Sunday as planned.

After a good three hours of various aftercare including a massage, hot meal, and a warm bath, the two had snuggled. That’s how they ended up in their current state. Annalee had told her months ago how much she loved being held aloft in Sam’s powerful arms, and so one of their favorite cuddle positions was them floating with Sam holding the smaller woman. Samantha leaned down and kissed the top of her sleeping lover’s head. She had made up her mind. She would introduce her parents to Annalee. If they accepted their daughter for who she was, she was sure they would accept the atoning former villainess, if for no other reason than how happy she made their daughter. And who knew, maybe Annalee and she could sneak away during the visit to have some kinky fun on a remote part of the farm. Samantha smiled. Life really couldn’t get better than this moment.
