---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Backyard Selfbondage Fun
authors:
- Roger Williams
tags:
- Sbm
- spandex
- outdoors
- caught
- hum
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2002-05-01 00:00:00
---

It was a nice warm summer night and I was in the mood for a little
more than my indoor self-bondage sessions. Our back yard has a high fence
for privacy, and with the rest of the family gone for the weekend, this
was the perfect time.

A discount store near me, with a large pet department, had gone out
of business so I had purchased a half-dozen of the metal screw-in-the-ground
stakes that are used for anchoring a dog chain. I screwed the first two
into the ground about three feet apart and then laid down to measure where
the rest should go, leaving their points at the right spots. I then screwed
in the rest of them.

Next I went in the house and stripped down naked, sprayed some mosquito
repellant on my body, and then put on a leotard. That's my favorite clothing
for bondage; it doesn't get in the way, it feels like you are almost naked,
and it does keep the upper body warm. Then I took the leather toys with
me into the yard; it was starting to get dark.

I put hasp cuffs on my ankles, spread out my legs, and used a snap to
secure them. (No use using padlocks as I could reach them anyway, and when
it was time to get out, this would help.) Then I put the cuffs on my wrists
and the collar on my neck. Before I leaned back, I took a piece of clothesline
and tied it around my cock and balls, then double-knotted it around one
of the stakes.

Then I leaned back, making that very tight, but not enough to cut off
the circulation. I put a ball gag in my mouth, locked the back of the collar
to the stake under my neck, and then locked the left wrist. I made sure
the keys were at my right side when I locked the right wrist with a combination
padlock. That way, I would be secured until it got light enough again to
see the dial. I was not in a strictly spread-eagled position - - if you
think of a clock face, my ankles were in the 5:00 and 7:00 position while
my wrists were at 2:00 and 10:00. But still plenty helpless, as I found
when I pulled on the chains.

It was now about 9:00 and I heard some noise next door like kids playing.
Who were they? The house was empty. Maybe someone renting it for the summer?
That's OK, I thought. But then a ball came sailing over the fence and I
was really worried. Had I locked the gate? Would they try to climb over
the fence? I had my answer quickly as the gate opened and I heard two of them looking around for the ball. And then they saw me!

"Well look at this!" Needless to say, they brought over the rest of
the kids. There seemed to be about ten, all in their late teens, and half
boys, half girls. Well, I need not go into much detail on what they did
with me. The girls stroked my cock until it got larger and then burst out
and left a mess on my leotard. The boys told me that they would leave me
there if I did not keep quiet since they were going to remove the gag so
I could give each of them a blow job. No way I could oppose that; I was
at their mercy. After the blow jobs, the girls took turns sitting on my
face for me to eat them out. Again, what could I do?

They put the gag back in and left me, though one of them thought they
should take the keys (and put a regular padlock where the combination one
was) so they could have a party the next night in MY yard, and invite even
more friends to partake of my mouth.

But they did not. However, the pictures they took could be used in the
future for another session at another time and place, where I would be
more than "willing" and not spread out helplessly.

I decided to go back to in-house self-bondage. With the doors locked!

**Public Humiliation**

Unlike some of the other writers, I wanted to do my self-bondage in
public. I wanted to be laughed at and humiliated. I still don't know why
but that was the way it was.

The best audience would be a group of teenaged girls. So I dressed before
I left home. (a) snug dance trunks; (b) six inch dildo; (3) athletic cup;
(d) black tights and turtleneck leotard; (e) collar which locked in back,
and the small padlock also secured the leotard's zipper; (f) pair of shorts
with locking belt; (g) t-shirt. I left all those keys at home.

I should add that the dildo was a six-inch plastic tube which was made
for cigars; I found it along the road one day. It was wonderful because
it would slide in and out, and with some raised lettering on the side,
it drove me nuts each time it slid past the end of my anus. With the snug
dance trunks, it would be prevented from sliding all the way out. And each
time I sat down or leaned over, it would be pushed all the way in.

I found a bunch of girls. I parked a block away, put on my leather hasp
wrist cuffs, threaded a short chain thru the hasps, and locked the ends
of the chain to the front of my belt. I jogged past them and, unlike previous
times where I had done this and gotten laughter, I got screams. Some of
them ran to the firehouse, which was close to where I was parked. I ran
for some bushes from which I could see my car.

The firemen came out, looked in my car and must have seen the handcuffs
on the back seat floor. They took the keys out, opened the trunk, and dropped
the keys in. And slammed the trunk. Oh, shit!

It was a good thing I had the keys to the cuffs with me. I got free
that way and before I could do anything else, a police car came around
the corner. The spotlight shined in all the bushes but I guess my black
clothes helped me. I knew I had to get out of there. I started walking
and kept an eye out for headlights from around any corner. It was fortunate
that my hands were free because the quickest escape route involved jumping
a four-foot fence in a park. I also had to cross FOUR major roads on the
way home. It was now 10:30 so at least trafic was lighter. I crossed one
via a viaduct under it. I stayed on side streets, ran across the second
when there were no cars for blocks away. Ditto the third and fourth. The
only person I saw was a man working in his yard; he was not amused. If
I had to explain, my story would be that I was pushed out of a car (as
a practical joke) on the way back from a health club.)

I found out later, by driving the route, that I had walked 4 1/2 miles!
And the more I walked, the more that dildo drove me nuts. And my bladder
was filling up. It was a question on which would happen first, blowing
my wad or taking a leak. They both happened pretty close to each other.
I don't remember which was first.

I got home, found the keys, stripped, took a shower, and started out
to retrieve the car. I managed to get a ride over half of the way and when
I got to the car, there was no problem with it. No flat tire, no people
around. So I drove home.

Scary for awhile. Memorable - - this was 20 years ago. But also rewarding,
even if I didn't get humiliated. I did get an orgasm!

Roger

.
