---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mighty_isadora.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Mighty Isadora
authors:
- Celeste
tags:
- M/ff
- bondage
- kidnap
- latex
- n/c
- XXX
date: 2003-09-12 00:00:00
---

The Mighty Isadora
by Celeste
The compliments received were very much appreciated! Hope this ones
to your liking
The Mighty Isadora by Celeste

Search as long and hard as you like, try every toy store for miles but
you will not find amongst the mass ranks of pint sized space suits and
tiny cowboy hats a junior clerks outfit. There is no "my first filing cabinet".
Nobody aspires to be a filing clerk, no one views the position of cog within
a giant cooperate wheel as the crock of gold at the end of life's rainbow.
But then Karl didn't go a bundle on rainbows.

Karl's job made Monday just like Tuesday, Wednesday so similar too Friday
that Thursday was just a blur. His personnel file contained little more
than his name, never early, never late, never sick, never noticed. Life
ticked by and content was Karl with his lot.... that was of course until
she arrived. No longer could Karl switch off his brain for the daily grind,
no longer could he cruise through the hours on mental autopilot. Now every
second was spent wide eyed and alert waiting for her, watching for her,
those precious moments spent in her company left him unable to breathe,
mesmerised, tongue tied, completely spellbound by her.

Each morning he lay in bed tormented, dreading another day unable to
do anything but think of her, but worse still was the thought of not seeing
her. Fridays always went so fast, the seconds flew by until the dreaded
weekend brought two whole days without her. He spent every minute out of
work telling the world about her. Chat rooms emptied at the sight of his
name, all had heard enough about the sweet musk of her perfume, everyone
knew the sensual roll of her hips as she walked, how her blouse pulled
tight across her breasts. No one could take anymore about the way she tossed
her hair as she talked or........... Enough! "For gods sake Karl! Just
talk to her!!!" The chorus of voices made up his mind.

She stood by the photocopier, 5'2" of pure perfection he took a deep
breath, tried to take his gaze off her round full hips and forced the words
out. "Isadora.... are you busy tonight?".

It was what your parents would have called "courting" not "dating" not
a "relationship", old fashioned "courting". A trip to the cinema, a walk
in the park, drinks the local bar. Holding hands, a kiss goodnight, smiling
like teenagers in love.... All outside of work of course anything else
would be improper. The night had been fine and dry, but several hours later
as they left the cinema the rain poured, holding his coat above their heads
the pair ran for cover in a shop door way.

"Look, say no if you don't want too" Karl swallowed hard and almost
didn't finish the sentence. "We'll never get a cab and my place is…"

"I'd love too" a huge smile spread across Karl's face and the pair made
a dash through the rain.

The prim little terrace house sat anonymously in it's row, it's interior
as prim and ordinary as it's exterior, Karl handed Isadora a towel and
as she sat drying her hair on the couch he went to make coffee.

"Can I use your loo?" Karl shouted through, "Top of the stairs first
left".

He heard her climb the stairs and the opening of a door. Just as the
penny dropped the sound of a stifled scream met his ears "RIGHT FIRST RIGHT",
he ran to the bottom of the stairs. At the top stood the frozen form of
Isadora a hand clamped across her mouth wide eyes fixed in a glare of pure
terror. Slowly he began to climb the stairs, "It really isn't what you
think!"

With every step he advanced Isadora backed away, letting out squeals
and squeaks of panic, tears filling her eyes, "Really Isadora you shouldn't
be afraid".

Karl tried to give a reassuring smile as the two stood face to face
on the landing. "Please just let me explain".

In desperation she grabbed at a door handle, she opened the door and
as fast as she could tried to pull it closed behind her, but Karl had lost
his temper, with a single swipe he pushed the door wide throwing Isadora
to the floor. In the tiny bathroom space she forced herself between the
sink and the wall sobbing, "No please Karl... I won't tell anyone, please
honestly Karl I want to go home". She snivelled and sobbed, hair clinging
to her tear streaked face.

Karl had gone beyond angry, how dare she, what did she mean not tell?
Like he had something to be ashamed of? Something disgraceful? He grabbed
her wrist and pulled her from beneath the sink, dragging the kicking and
screaming Isadora into the first door on the left. He flung her into the
room and as she made a mad scramble to a corner he locked the door behind
them. Her eyes spun wildly round the room, trying to pick out detail in
the masses of black and chrome which hung from hooks on every wall but
deliberately didn't look towards the thing that had filled her with horror.
"What’s the matter? Don't you want to meet your predecessor!"

Karl pulled Isadora to standing, an arm wrapped around her waist, a
hand clamped across her mouth, he forced her look at the form which lay
quivering before her on the shiny black floor, not an inch of flesh could
be seen. The black rubber second skin which covered face, body and limbs
seemed to ripple as the body beneath strained against straps and cuffs
pulling it back upon itself into the tightest of hog ties. The sound of
ragged desperate breaths drew Isadoras eyes to the head, a large red ball
gag forced deep into the mouth, only two tiny holes under the nostrils
spoilt the sheer lines of the thick rubber hood. The head was forced back
at a cruel angle by a strap and high tight collar. Hands wrapped tight
in mittens, feet enpointe in ballet boots, faint piteous whines escaped
the form before her only recognisable as female by the heavy shinning rings
which hung from distended nipples.

"You see I thought when she didn't show for work they'd replace her
with Simon from accounts... but no you had to turn up, you had to come
and spoil everything, now poor old Carol here has to go"

Karl's voice was calm and steady as he wrapped the tape around the sobbing
Isadoras wrists.

"Life is all about balance Isadora, two of you here would be greedy
and you’re just too much of a distraction at work with Carol here waiting
at home. A man can only take so much!"

Karl smiled to himself as the ball gag slid into Isadoras mouth exhausted
and terrified she put up little resistance, "Anyway," continued Karl tightening
the gag, "Now that she's been with me a year, I think the romance has worn
off a bit".

Karl burst into hysterical laughter listening to Isadoras muffled screams,
he stood astride the immobilised Carols head and shoulders reaching down
he tightly grasped a nipple and twisted, Isadora felt herself wince at
the sight and a distant desperate scream came from somewhere deep within
Carol.

Isadora watched as Karl pinched Carol’s nostrils shut, her body convulsed
within its bonds, he looked towards Isadora. "Don't worry I'll make sure
you have a nice new hood of your own, only the best for my mighty Isadora".
