---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Settlement Girl Weekend
authors:
- Annabelle
tags:
- Sbf
- naked
- cuffs
- collar
- weekend
- messy
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2011-07-21 00:00:00
---

Author's note: This is a true story, an actual description of my self-bondage weekend. Thanks to **Zack** for editing it.

I've always loved reading the '[Settlement](https://writingsofleviticus.grometsplaza.net/Graham/TaleOfTheSettlement.html)' stories by Graham. To be honest, I like a lot of bondage stories, and I play bondage games with myself a lot too. But the stories I like the most are the ones where the characters are kept in bondage and are nude almost constantly. The girl or girls never have a chance of being free or clothed, and they have to adjust to living that way forever, or at least for a very long time.

So the stories by Graham pushed a lot of my buttons. It was so easy to put myself into them and imagine what it would be like to live that way. I had done the bondage the Settlement girls were in a few times before, but it was nothing special. Just cuffs, a hobble chain, and a collar, but only for a few hours at a time. I was eager to try it for lot longer, and finally made a weekend free, when I knew I wouldn't be interrupted.

I live by myself, in an apartment that gives me all the privacy I need to play, which is good, because I like being nude and rarely dress at home anyway. So, since I knew I would be spending a long time with my hands cuffed behind me, I made sure before I started that I could get to food and drinks easily, and when all was ready I locked myself up.

The stories use metal cuffs, which I have, but as a practical matter they can become pretty damaging after a while, especially if they are on for a really long time. They leave bruises that can be very painful and take a long time to go away. Metal cuffs are great for a story, but they're not practical in the real world, unless you want them to be a sort of continuous torture. So I like to imagine that the cuffs worn by the girls in the Settlement are at least padded on the inside to protect their health and comfort.

My cuffs are commercial. I bought them from ebay, a matching set of leather ankle and wrist cuffs, about two inches wide, with slots that a D ring pokes through. A padlock goes through the D ring to hold them on, and they have another D ring for locking things to. I can use them separately, or together, all I need is chain and locks, of which I have a few. My ankles I connect with a 16 inch chain, which is close to the 40 cm chain the Settlement girls have. The wrist cuffs I joined together directly with one padlock, and to get in and out of them behind my back I lock and unlock the padlocks that keep them on my wrists, since once my hands are together I can't really get at the connecting lock.

My collar is steel, not leather, but I have spent days wearing it before, so I knew it wouldn't be a problem. I also bought my collar from ebay. It's stainless steel, 1/4 inch thick and 1 inch wide, and I think it's very beautiful. It hinges on one side, but doesn't lock with a regular lock. Instead, there is a thin but long little screw that goes into a hole when the collar is closed, and it requires a special L-shaped key to turn the screw down into the hole. Once down, I have no hope of reaching it with anything but the key, and I like it because no lock spoils the line of the collar. The collar has D ring too, and depending on my mood I either wear it in front or turn it around to the back.

Anyway, I used my leather cuffs since I knew it would be a few days before I was released. To stop myself from bringing my hands down over my butt and feet I added a chain around my waist, with an extra length attached to my cuffs. That would give me all the lateral movement I needed, but I wouldn't be able to cheat by slipping my hands around to the front.

It was exciting though, once I was all chained up. The keys were on a hook in my bedroom, but I promised myself I wouldn't touch them unless I really had to. Instead, I just wandered around the apartment, shuffling along in my hobble chain, seeing what I could reach, and imagining myself as a Settlement girl, waiting for one of the men to come use me. Yeah, I admit that it all is a real turn on for me, and that several times over the weekend I was able to give myself some nice relief as I fantasized about what I was doing.

But, it wasn't all fun. I tried to do some housework, not for the first time in bondage, but there was only so much to do that I could reach. I was able to log on to the computer, watch TV, and basically relax when I wanted to. Sitting in any chair became so uncomfortable after a while, with my hands stuck behind me, that eventually I either just lay down on my front on the couch or knelt on the floor. And while I didn't realize it then, I see now that my bondage began to force me into those submissive positions. Kneeling became natural because it was comfortable, and that made it easier to keep thinking of myself as one of those girls, knees spread, head bowed, helpless and submissive.

But it was also boring at times. There was only so much I could do in my apartment, and of course I couldn't leave. I began to feel like the prisoner I wanted to be, only able to look out the window at the world I couldn't reach, unless I wanted to go outside naked and bound.

Sleeping was hard too. I thought about sleeping on the floor, but opted instead for my bed without covers. Sleeping with your arms cuffed behind you is tough, and I was really glad that I had my soft leather cuffs on, as I know that sleeping in metal cuffs is very dangerous. If you roll over onto metal cuffs and cut off your circulation you will never know it until you wake up with badly damaged hands. Generally, it is hard to sleep with hands cuffed behind your back without practice, because your shoulders ache and it seems very hard to find a comfortable position. But I have slept that way before so I knew what to expect, and while I never got a full night's sleep, I slept enough during the weekend to be okay.

And then there was eating! I didn't dare actually cook anything, not even in the microwave (which I couldn’t reach anyway). I kept my foods simple, and for fun a little messy. Lots of cereal, a couple of salads, cold cuts, rice and veggies, cheese.... anything I could think of beforehand that would be easy to eat without hands out of a bowl. I kept each meal in a Tupperware bowl in the fridge, so all I had to do was take it out, get the lid off, put it on the floor and kneel to eat it. Which also made me feel less than... well... it made me feel owned, not free, which was the point, wasn't it?

And yes, eating out of a bowl is messy. Washing my face afterwards was pretty much just sticking it into running water. I could reach the faucets in the bathroom, but I never really got clean, clean, especially my front where stuff would drip down. I expect that this is where the Settlement girls would help each other out, wiping each other's faces. And... speaking of wiping.... yes, i could just about manage that too!

Still, I got through the whole weekend and only freed myself when I needed to get ready for work. The only problem was the stiff shoulders I get when I am cuffed behind my back for a long time, and I dealt with that at work.

Well, that's it for this time, but I have a plan to do it better. I've always wanted to be connected to a girl rail...

The End
