---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/wendy2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Wendy
authors:
- Sir Stephen
tags:
- n/a
---

(story continues from [**Wendy**](wendy1.html))

**\_**
**WEAVING
WENDY’S WEB_*
Part Two in a series
by Sir Stephen
with a DO Try This
At Home bonus
Originally
published in Kink Magazine issue #3.

After Wendy climaxed in her bathtub, Eric hugged her for a while before
freeing her bound wrists from the shower rod.  “Are you nice and clean
now, slavegirl?” he asked.   “Yes, if it pleases you, Master,
replied Wendy, still breathing irregularly and somewhat shaken from her
first orgasm in – was it four months? “Good,” said Eric, “A clean slave
is a happy slave.”
Everything was a blur to Wendy as she was led back, toweled, clean
and happy, to her bedroom where the bondage had begun.  There she
was ordered to lie face down on the bed while Eric prepared more sections
of rope.  Eric recalled a poster he had seen advertising a rave –
it had featured a model tied in a leg web, and a caption to the effect
of “Tarsis will be displeased if you do not attend!”  Eric tried to
recreate the webbing he had seen.

**(Step 1)**
Of Wendy’s fifty-foot rope Eric had used only six feet in the shower,
two of which still held her wrists, and four of which he had retrieved
from the shower rod.  He divided the remaining 44 feet into pieces
24, 16, and 4 feet long.

**(Step 2)**
With Wendy now standing, Eric wound the original four-foot section
around her waist and secured it just over her spine.  Then he had
her sit on the edge of the bed while he tied the new four-foot section
around her ankles, leaving some slack so that other ropes could pass through
it later.  For this tie, Eric first found the mid-point of the rope,
and then passed the two ends through it to begin a horizontal wrap around
and around her legs just above the anklebones and extending up about two
inches.  When he had only about a foot left on each strand he pulled
them between her legs and wrapped them vertically, taking in what little
slack he had left her.

**(Step 3)**
Taking next his 24-foot section, Eric again found its midpoint and
threaded its two ends through the ankle cinch next to one leg, and the
midpoint through the same cinch next to the other leg.  Then he passed
the two ends through the midpoint and had a nice anchor for upward rope-work. 
Separating the two ends now and leaving the midpoint between her ankles,
he wrapped the ends in opposite directions upward around her shins and
thighs, crossing them the way shoelaces do once at mid-shin, once just
above her knees, and twice on her upper thighs before tying them together
about three inches below her inviting pussy.  Eric then helped Wendy
to her feet and spread the remainder of this section on either side of
her.

**(Step 4)**
Meanwhile Eric selected the 16-foot section.  Finding once again
the midpoint, Eric similarly anchored it to the ankle cinch.  This
time, however, he kept the endpoints together after they passed through
the midpoint and began to weave them vertically, forward and back through
the points where the first rope crossed, both in front and in back. This
had the effect of both aligning and tightening the first rope, so that
now it was going nowhere.  After crossing in front of the knot below
Wendy’s pussy, the ends were threaded gently and slowly between her upper
thighs and back between her lovely cheeks.

**(Step 5)**
Next Eric threaded the endpoints between her spine and the waist-cinch,
returning them over her rope belt and diagonally forward through her Labia
Majora to the front.  The endpoints then came up to pass again between
Wendy and her rope belt.  Bringing the ends forward, Eric criss-crossed
them beneath their own strands rising up from her pussy, and brought them
to the rear for a neat tie-off.

**(Step 6)**
The remaining ends of the 24-foor length Eric tied to Wendy’s rope
belt about three inches on either side of her crotch-rope, making a nice
“V” between her inner thighs just below her pussy and waist.

“Is that comfortable, slavegirl?” he inquired.  Wendy responded
with her best I-Dream-Of-Genie television voice: “Oh, yes, Master!” 
Wendy loved the way the webbing felt, and the sensation of the new
nylon rope sliding in and around her thighs was even more sensual than
her fantasies had been, when she wrestled herself to sleep pretending to
be at the mercy of one or more (always cute) men.  As she stood up
she held her bound wrists to the side of her face and admired the rope-work. 
Noticing some lipstick on her dresser, Eric freshened her lower lip
with a dab and ordered her to rub her lips together.  Snatching a
tissue, he pressed it to her mouth to remove the excess and obtained a
dark-red picture of her mouth as he peeled it away.  Then he spied
some nail polish on her dresser and carefully polished her finger and toenails
a bright red.  “That looks better,” he pronounced happily.

Eric then helped Wendy back onto the bed, positioning her on her left
side this time.  Kneeling behind her, Eric grabbed the crotch-rope
with his right hand between her derriere cheeks and held Wendy’s head by
her hair with his left. 
“Beg me to let you suck my cock, slavegirl,” Eric said, and Wendy was
delighted to begin offering her services as a fellatrix.  With slight
but meaningful tugs on her crotch-rope, Eric expressed his doubt as to
her sincerity. 
“Oh, but Master!” Wendy insisted, “I need your cock in my mouth so
bad!” 
“OK, slavegirl, suck my fingers and show me how you would lick my cock
if you get lucky.” 
“Thank you, Master!” Wendy exclaimed, and the remainder of her dialogue
consisted of contented slurping sounds, as she pulled his left middle and
ring fingers deep into her mouth, and later when, inevitably, Eric succumbed
to her non-verbal persuasion and positioned himself in front of her eager
mouth for the best and possibly most passionately given head he had ever
dreamed possible.

“First, a nice tongue-washing for my balls,” he ordered, and when she
proceeded unbidden to his shaft she earned a good pinch on each nipple
before she learned to do only what Eric permitted. Wendy had always enjoyed
performing fellatio, but had been restrained by the good girl/bad girl
dichotomy.  That is, she had wanted to be enthusiastic about this
part of sex, but had felt shy because her culture gave her mixed messages
about female sexuality.  Women were supposed to be more sexy than
sexual, and a truly sexual woman was actually feared by most people. 
Now her role-playing as the submissive half of a power-exchanging couple
freed her to go with her sexual feelings, feelings which not only religious
people, but also doctrinaire feminists found objectionable.  Being
ordered to do what she already wanted to do made it easier for Wendy to
perform with the wild abandon she had always fantasized.

“Mmmm” she cooed as she laved his scrotum, and again when he let her
give, at first, only pretty closed-mouth kisses to the head of his penis. 
Upon further instructions, Wendy was to kiss his cock’s head prettily,
go slowly down as far as she could, come off just as slowly, lick once
just below the head (on his frenum, his most sensitive part), and then
to repeat the process. Wendy made a loud slurping sound each time she pulled
off of his shaft, as though reluctant to let it leave her mouth. 
Soon Eric was frustrated out of his mind, and he grabbed her head by the
hair with both hands as he began regular thrusts past those lipsticked
lips still humming with delight.  This procedure was calculated to
drive him over the brink, as it did quickly, bringing Wendy a sense of
accomplishment and Eric a release more wrenching than any he had experienced
before.

He kissed her eyelids then, gently, and her cheeks, hard, and at last
her pouty red lips, so fiercely that his own lips were bruised between
her teeth and his.  So hard that for a moment they both forgot she
was tied up, still waiting for more punishment, and more orgasms, before
their first session would be through.

End  of Weaving Wendy’s Web, Wendy #2

The story continues
in
**[Part
Three - Whipping the wax off Wendy](wendy3.html)**

story continues in [**Wendy**](wendy3.html)

o0o
