---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What Do I Get
authors:
- Pauleine
tags:
- F-m
- bond
- chair
- rope
- gag
- pantyhose
- femdom
- toys
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2011-11-11 00:00:00
---

My boyfriend is into bondage and is constantly after me to tie him and do stuff to him. I often dress in very sexy clothes for him, heels, hose, short skirts and tight tops. I will tickle him and have him struggle, sometimes even kiss my feet, but it wasn’t a real turn on for me. I had been talking to my girlfriend about it. A conversation that changed my life. Her boy is in to similar things, but she has stepped it up. She has made him her slave. She explained how she enslaved him. He does all of her cooking and cleaning. He satisfies all of her sexual needs. She has him locked into a chastity device requiring a key that only she has. She controls all of his orgasms. He earns them by serving her. She even showed me the copy of the contract the idiot signed for her. I was intrigued. After some serious research on the internet I began to think I might enjoy this too. No more tie up games just to please him. It was going to be about pleasing me.

A few days later he was begging for his game. I made him wait till Friday, I wanted the entire weekend for this. Today I dressed slutty. I dressed to trap him. I dressed to assert my female authority and dominance over him. A leather micro mini skirt, sheer pantyhose, my tight black sweater that just barely covers my boobs, some 4” black patent pumps and severe makeup. A silver cross hung around my neck. When he came over I was waiting in the living room, legs crossed, skirt up to my ass and smoking a cigarette. He nearly blew a load right there. I ordered him to strip naked and take care of any needs he might have as I was in the mood for one of his silly bondage games. I wanted to tie him up. He was so excited he nearly exploded. I told him when he was ready to meet me in the computer room naked and kneeling. I had laid out plenty of rope and a few other goodies for him. I had my plan for him in place and by the end of the weekend I should have my slave. The poor schmuck had no idea as to what was about to happen to him. The power of a female to control a male is amazing.
When I entered the room, sure enough, there he was on his knees and naked with a huge hard on just waiting for me and his silly little tie up session. One thing about males, you know when they are excited and he was very excited. He didn’t have a clue that he was going to be tied up for a very, very long time and that our relationship was about to take a dramatic turn. I entered the room, sat on the computer chair, sexily crossed my legs making sure he could hear the swish of my nylons and lit another cigarette.
“Do I look sexy? Are you turned on?”
“Oh yes Gina, you look awesome. Thank you for this. I can’t wait. You are great!”
The idiot had no idea about what was going to happen. He was about to totally lose his freedom, become my personal slave, become totally under my control, and the moron was thanking me. In fact he couldn’t wait to get started.
“So you want me to tie you up tonight right?”
“Oh yes Gina, please, tie me up good and tight.”
“You want me to make it so you can’t get out? So there is no possibility of escape?”
“Yes, I want to tied up so I feel completely helpless, completely at your mercy.”
“You are sure you want me to do this. To make you totally helpless and under my control? Because I feel a little nasty tonight. I feel like tying you very tightly and securely. Are you sure you want me to do this to you?”
“Oh yes Gina. Tie me up as tightly and securely as you can. I don’t want to be able to free myself till you let me go. After all the best bondage is when you can’t get out of it and you don’t know when you will be freed. Have your way with me, make me helpless.”
“Very well then, we are going to have a very interesting time. Stand up and turn your back to me while putting your wrists behind your back. Here we go boy.”
I then took a 6’ piece of rope and looped it around his wrists. Threading it through the loop I tightly cinched it together tying his wrists quite tightly together. A knot above his wrists effectively immobilized his hands. My plan to turn him into my personal slave was beginning and he was loving it.
“Feel pretty tight and secure?”
“Oh yes, quite tight Gina. You are great, this is great!”
“Good, I am glad you are happy. Now sit on that wooden chair. Put you arms over the back of it. Get good and comfy. You are going to spend a lot of time in it.”
I helped him get settled in the chair, a nice sturdy wooden chair from the dining room with a slatted back and nice rungs underneath. He was comfortable with his arms hanging over the back. I then tied each arm to the sides of the chair at the elbow. His arms were effectively pinned to the back of the chair. Another rope pulled his hands down to the rung on the bottom of the chair. There was no way he was getting loose from this. He could not move his arms an inch. Everything was quite tight and secure.
“How is that feeling boy? Is it tight enough for you? I tried my best. I‘ve been doing some reading so you can have a full experience.”
“My god Gina, I can’t move a muscle. It is very tight. You have really gotten better at this. Do you think maybe it is a little too tight, I mean I can’t even wiggle my arms. This is amazing. I will never get loose from this!”
“Hey, you said you wanted it tight and inescapable. Besides I am the one doing the tying and I really don’t see where you can any longer do a damn thing about it. I am just getting started. You wanted tight and inescapable and that is what I intend to do to you. So sit back and enjoy the ride.”
I then took several more pieces of rope and very tightly, looping and cinching, tied his ankles, below his knees and above his knees. All very tightly and very securely. I then tied his ankles to the bar under the chair. I didn’t want him to be able to kick. His legs were now quite useless to him. Now it was time to glue him to the chair. I took a long piece of rope, secured it to the front leg of the chair and pulled it tightly across his lap to the back slat across his lap. Pulled that tightly across his stomach to the other back slat, around it tightly and to the opposite leg of the chair there knotting it quite tightly. He wasn’t going to get up from that chair anytime soon. Just for fun I tied another rope starting at the leg of the chair, wrapped it as tightly as I could around his knees, and tied it off and pulling as tightly as I could to the other leg of the chair. Now he couldn’t even wiggle his legs.

Now for his chest, I looped rope tightly across his front just above his stomach around the back of the chair and his arms I pulled on that with all of my might and heard him gasp. I tightly knotted it and then did the same to a rope across the top of his chest. He couldn’t move a muscle. Just to reinforce that, I cinched some other ropes around the back of the chair and between his arms. My god, I did a beautiful job. I was getting pretty good at this bondage thingy. He was totally immobile, couldn’t move a thing and I mean he couldn‘t move a thing. He was now mine to play with, to train and to enslave. Step one of his new enslavement was complete. I picked up my cell phone and started taking pictures of him from all angles. I got some close ups of the knots and all of his bonds. A few shots of his total bondage including his face completed my album. Now I had something to show Michelle and to blackmail him with later. I again sat in the chair, crossed my legs and lit another smoke.
I closed my eyes for a second and pictured my now securely tied boyfriend act as my slave. It gave me a shudder of joy.
“That was hard work for me. It takes a lot of energy to tie you up like that. How does it feel boy? Tight enough for you? I tried really hard just for you. I hope you like it. It was a lot of work for me to tie you up like that you know. Are you happy?”
“My god Gina, I think you got a little carried away. I wanted to be tied up yes but this, I can’t move a thing. These ropes you tied are really, really tight. I’ll never get loose from this. Where did you learn to tie me like this? I am not so sure I like this. You are scaring me a little bit.”
“Well that is just too bad for you. I am hurt. I mean I tie you up good and tight just like you’ve been begging me to do. I have even spent hours on the internet finding out the best ways to tie you up, I even practiced some on myself, and now you are complaining. Well too bad for you. I just think I will leave you like this all night you ungrateful bastard. Wiggle and squirm, you are going to stay tied up for a long time now. You shouldn’t hurt my feelings in your position. You are completely dependent on me. I mean you can’t even scratch you nose. You are going to suffer for that you bastard.”
“Gina I am sorry, it is just you have really surprised me. I never expected you could make me so helpless. I am not sure how I feel about it. This is much more than I ever dreamed. You have really done a terrific job and I am glad you were willing to do this for me. I will never in a million years get loose from this. I am helplessly tied. Thank you, you have just frightened me a little. You have used so much rope and pulled it so tightly. You even look more evil. You seem to be enjoying this for a change. You have just very much surprised me and frankly it is a little scary.”
“Well isn’t that what the game is supposed to be about? You wanted inescapable and I did that for you. Bondage isn’t great if you know if and when you will be released. You told me that. Well you don’t know if I will let you go. I just might go spend the rest of the weekend at Michelle’s and leave you here on your own. How about that, you stupid, stupid boy. Maybe I‘ll just leave you all tied up and helpless and see how long you last. See how long you continue to enjoy your silly little game.”
“No, no, Gina, you can’t leave me like this. Please, don’t even think about leaving me like this. You wouldn’t would you? I am so sorry I upset you. I truly appreciate what you have done. This is great, just a little scary. You have never tied me like this. I feel so vulnerable and helpless.”
“I thought that was the point. To make your bondage inescapable, and I think I have accomplished that, and I don’t intend to let you know if or when I will be letting you go. I have only done what you have been begging me to do. I have participated in your game. I have given you your dream. Fuck, I can’t win. Well you are going to get your wish. You are going to stay tied up like that until I am good and ready to release you. Struggle, squirm, have your silly little fun. You better be enjoying yourself. You wanted me to tie you up and I have. You asked for this so just enjoy it. After all, you have very little choice in the matter now. It seems I am really in control of things here. In fact I am tired of arguing the point with you. I think I need to shut you up for awhile. I have been reading up on gags and think I have come up with one you will enjoy. It will also silence your fucking whining about being tied up too tightly and give me some peace and quiet.”
“No please Gina, don’t gag me. I have never been gagged before. Please don’t do it, please.”
“Cool, I truly enjoy hearing you beg like that. Well boy, I am going to gag you anyway and quite effectively too I imagine. Again, there is nothing you can do or say to stop me. Remember you are completely helpless and at my mercy just like you wanted to be. I am only doing what you have begged me to do. Now I have rolled up a couple of pairs of my old pantyhose. I know how much you enjoy the feel of my legs in pantyhose. I thought you would enjoy the taste of them in your mouth. I intend to shove them deeply into your mouth and then use this duct tape to keep them there. I have read that this combination will keep you quite quiet making a very effective gag. I think it rather appropriate that as much as you love my legs covered in pantyhose that I use them to gag you. Don’t resist, I want to do this to you and I will. I can now do anything I want to you. You are my playtoy.”
I rolled up my pantyhose and grabbed the tape. He was going to be gagged whether he liked it or not. This was now my game, female domination.
“No Gina, please don‘t gag me, please. I‘ll be good. I‘ll be quiet. Please don‘t, I am afraid.”
“Shut up and open up. You are going to be gagged like it or not.”
The idiot tried to resist but after all what could he do to stop me, absolutely nothing. I held his nose shut and waited for him to breathe. Pop, I stuffed the hose into his blubbering mouth, worked them in all of the way. I couldn‘t believe how well they quieted him down. The tape was next, over his mouth and several times around his head. My pantyhose were not coming out of his mouth anytime soon. He was now quite effectively gagged. He really looked cute with the tape around his head and his eyes bugging out from being gagged against his will. Oh well, he asked for it. This is fun!
“Mmphmmpph mmphed mumphhd mmph.”
“What was that dear? I didn’t quite understand it. You seem to be having some trouble talking. What was that again? My, my such language. I still didn‘t get all of that.”
It sounded so funny I just had to laugh. Oh god, I was really starting to enjoy this. I was starting to feel that enjoyable moist feeling between my legs. I was getting turned on, very turned on. Female domination, why hadn’t I thought of doing this to him before? I needed to call Michelle and let her know about this. Again I sat in the chair, crossed my legs making sure to give a good swish and dialed Michelle. My boyfriend tried to protest and complain, but then how did he plan to stop me? All that came out of his mouth were garbled mmpphs through the gag and he wasn‘t leaving that chair anytime soon.
“Well Michelle, I have done it. Did you get the pictures I sent? Pretty cool huh? Oh yes, the poor boy is quite helpless. He can’t move anything. Did you see the gag? Yeah, he didn’t want it but hey, tough shit. Using my old pantyhose was quite a turn on. Yes, I remember, this is going to be fun. Yes, I’ll call you and let you know how it turns out. I am betting though that it will go just like we planned. Yep, thanks, bye, bye.”
I wanted to add one more insult and really establish my female dominance. I know he hates to stay tied up after he has cum. Well this would be his last orgasm for a very, very long time. I pulled his dick out of the bondage securing his legs. He was rock hard, even after being gagged. I slid a condom over his cock, no sense messing up my skirt and pantyhose and sat on his lap rubbing the bottom of my skirt across the top of his cock. His eyes were bugging out of his head. I started kissing his face around the tape and his gag. I was running my hands through his hair, face and along his chest. I kissed and licked his chest and nipples. I moved my ass over his cock back and forth. I pulled up my skirt and let him feel my pantyhose rubbing on his throbbing cock. He was getting ready to shoot his wad.
“How do you feel now baby? Is this exciting you? Are you getting ready to cum? Cum for me, cum now, enjoy yourself.”
He was expressing his love for me through his gagged mouth. It was pretty comical. I could hear his excitement mount and his gagged cry as he released his load into the condom. A release he wasn’t soon to repeat. So easy to manipulate him, so easy to control. Now his training really starts.
“Wow, that was quite an explosion. I see you are really enjoying your bondage. I’ll need my vibrator to finish the job for me, though that is not unusual. I suppose you think now it is time to be untied.”
He nodded yes and mumbled something unintelligible from behind his gag. I think he started begging to be untied or something. His eyes were starting to look a little frantic. Good for me, bad for him.
“Oh, you want to be untied because you have cum. You want me to let you go because that is the way we have always done it before. You have received your pleasure and satisfied your needs. Well that is just too bad. What pleasure have I received from this experience. I do all of the work to tie you up so you can’t get free, I jerk you off, what do I get? Where is the fun in this for me? Well boy that is going to change. I need to get something from this. I need something more from you. You think about that for awhile. Think about what you can do for me as a repayment for the fun I have just given to you. I know how you hate staying tied up after you have cum, but that is just going to be too bad. Tied up you are going to stay. No bondage is good if you know when you are going to be released, you have told me. Well I am not going to even think about releasing you till a few things have changed and I have some fun too. So sit back, enjoy being all tied up to that chair and gagged with my hose, and think of ways to make me happy. You are going to start focusing on my pleasure and my needs now instead of selfishly thinking of only your own. You better make me very, very happy. Concentrate on what I need, my desires, my orgasms. What can you do for me? You had better learn to make this experience great for me.”
I then retrieved a couple more pairs of old pantyhose. I love using the object of one of his major fetishes to complete his bondage experience.
“I think a blindfold will help you to concentrate on ways to make my experience more enjoyable. I have read it is quite an experience for the one being blindfolded. To have another person, your girlfriend in this case, take away your ability to move, talk and see is said to be very exciting. You will have to tell me if that is true or not if I ever allow you to talk again.”
His eyes went wide with fright. He tried protesting through his gag, but I am in charge. This has become my game. I like the idea of a personal slave and this will only end when he becomes mine. I then folded a pair of pantyhose and completely covered his eyes with them. The other pair I wrapped around his eyes and head securing the first pair. He was effectively blind.
“How is that? I hope you are enjoying your experience. It is as you have wished. Now don’t forget to think of ways to thank me and to make it fun for me. I am going to leave you now to your thoughts. I need some sexual satisfaction. A kind you can’t and have never provided. I’ll be back later so we can talk when I am finished. We need to discuss some things. Don’t go away!”
I kissed him on the cheek, then went to my room, stripped and got busy with my vibrator friend. I intended to have the first of many orgasms at my boyfriend’s expense. Hell, not just one, I was planning several. In fact, if this goes right, I should live in a world of perpetual sexual satisfaction provided by my new slave. Michelle was right; this is going to be great!
