---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/finishing_school17.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Finishing School II part 7
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- MFFF
- F/f
- latex
- bond
- cube
- enclosed
- fem
- cons/reluct
- X
---

**Part Seven**

I drifted in and out of sleep and
didn’t remember much of the night. As the sun rose and came through the single
high window I started to gain my senses and looked to my side where I saw Sarah.
She was still encased in the glass cube but her headgear had changed overnight.
She still had the tight black and red rubber helmet but strapped around her nose
and mouth she had an aviator’s mask, the hose of which led to an inhalation
canister attached to the side of her glass box. I didn’t know what was in it,
but I surmised it would be pungent rubber. Her cheeks were also puffed out and
she was plainly well gagged underneath. The front of her mask was now covered in
dried juices and I could only imagine how she had spent the night. She seemed to
be asleep or at least dozing and I chose not to wake her.

I was still lying on my back on the
rubber sheet over the hospital bed. They had joined the leg portions of the bed
so now my legs were partly closed. My arms, legs and torso I could feel straight
away were still locked to the raised sides. Apart from my head I could hardly
move at all. As I wriggled I could feel that I was dressed as I had been the
night before; white latex stockings, tube corset, garter belt, gloves and push
up bra, and I could feel the butt plug embedded in my rear. My gas mask/helmet
was still padlocked on, I could feel the tongue depressor in my mouth, but the
aroma I breathed in was the heady pungency of rubber; they had obviously hooked
my hose up to a similar casket to Sarah’s.

My groin was sore but not as sore as I
had anticipated. As I looked down I saw a metal plate over my groin area and
attached and locked to the sides of the gurney. It was about three feet long and
covered me from mid calf to below my bra. Underneath that was a heavy rubber
sheet stretched across my lower body. Without the keys to all these padlocks I
was evidently stuck here.

Sarah was in no better position; she was
locked in the cube and how we were going to chip her out of her block I didn’t
know. I watched her stir and our eyes focused. She mmmed and I aaahhed and that
was pretty well the extent of our conversation. I could see her clench her eyes
and try to move in the glue she was stuck in, I saw her fingers slowly open but
she was clearly in some very thick and heavy stuff. She stopped and continued to
breathe slowly the pungent perfume of the rubber through her mask.

An hour later, maybe more, who should
arrive but Emma, my lovely, loyal dominatrix. She was dressed in a variation of
the prefect’s uniform, but all in black – very appropriate I thought – a
very short flared skirt, stockings, panties and high heels, and gloves tucked
under the sleeves of a loose blouse. She had pulled her hair back in a loose
ponytail and looked divine. On seeing us she looked shocked and immediately
approached Sarah’s box.

“Oh my God, they’ve really done a
number on the two of you, jeez, how do I get you out of this?” Sarah mmmmed
through the gag and the aviator’s mask and Emma got the message and unstrapped
that first. Under the mask was a tight rubber strap across her mouth and round
her head. Emma pulled this off and then I could see as she prised Sarah’s
mouth open it was stuffed with one…..no, two pairs of sodden panties. Handling
them gingerly she threw them into a corner, as Sarah gasped for breath. As Emma
tried to push Sarah’s head forward to get at the back zip of her mask Sarah
coughed and croaked.

“Never mind that, get me a glass of
water, juice would be better, I’m parched.” Emma ran to the kitchen and
Sarah looked at me and smiled wryly – I don’t know how she could do that but
that was Sarah for you.

“Hello darling, so…..how was your
night?” Even I almost laughed at her attempt to lighten the situation as Emma
returned with a glass of juice.

“God, I don’t think I’ll ever get
the taste of Uta out of my mouth…….or the others. This canister is full of
their used rubber panties, and yours as well, by the way. They had a gay old
time last night on the bed after finishing with you, and before leaving. I
didn’t think I had those….skills, and I’m not sure I want to exercise them
quite so much in the future.” Then she looked at me. “Oh…sorry love, I
didn’t mean that.”

I knew what she meant – would she be
happy to go down on me in the future, and would I be able to get any enjoyment
from it?

“Look, first things first Emma, could
you deflate the two bulbs behind me, they are attached to a couple of dildos
plugged in me and I feel as if I am about to lay an ostrich’s egg….from both
holes!” She was making light of it but I knew she must have been in
considerable torment. Emma squatted and carefully unscrewed the valve on the
bulb.

“Aaaaahhhh, oh, oh, that’s better,
oh God, that is much better, thanks. Emma on top of Max….ine’s metal cover,
there is a letter from the girls. I think you should open it now….and then
I’m going to tell you what happened, I think you are going to need a chair.”

Emma still seemed to be in shock; she
approached me and held my head for a second, gave me a comforting smile, I could
see she was trying to put this all together. She opened the letter and began to
read it aloud.

*“I expect it will be Emma or
perhaps Amanda who opens this. It will be a shock for you to see Sarah and
Maxine like this I’m sure. Firstly we all want to say what a fantastic time we
had with Sarah and Maxine, quite the best we have ever had and we hope we can
come back soon. Sarah has made quite an impression, particularly with Uta, who
will sorely miss her. Firstly, the padlocks, they are of tempered steel and
quite thick so I don’t expect you will have cutters strong enough so I
wouldn’t bother. We will send the keys and another letter to you later today
by courier, it should arrive in the afternoon sometime, in the meantime we want
you to bond together, and discuss your futures…”*

Emma looked up and said.

“What does she mean by that?” Sarah
looked at me and just said.

“Never mind, I’ll tell you in a
minute, carry on.”

“Well there’s not much else.”

*“Everything went well and according
to plan last night, Maxine will be quite sore for a while, she is cathetered now
and we have given her a couple of hormone boosters so her boobs may be a little
tender.  I hope we will see Maxine shortly for follow-ups. Sarah, I’m
sure will look after her. Love to you all, Sigi.”*

Emma looked a bit stunned, trying to
sort everything out in her head. It was now Sarah that spoke.

“Max…ine can’t speak, she has a
tongue depressor in her mouth to stop her swallowing her tongue during
the……Look Emma, there is no easy way to say this. Remember you told us way
back about Sigi’s medical background, well……”

Emma’s eyes popped open, then her
mouth.

“No….no, no, you can’t mean…you
are telling…..they didn’t ….on Maxine? No, they wouldn’t do that, it was
just a rumour that they did….they couldn’t….not against his….her will,
no.”

But Sarah, now with a tear in her eye,
just nodded. Emma came to me and took my head my head in her hands, then leant
over and hugged me.

“I’m so sorry Maxine, oh, I’m so
sorry; I don’t know what to say.” She looked down at the steel cover and
then under the bed.

“Yeah, these are pretty strong
padlocks; I don’t think we have cutters for these. I really can’t see
anything at all under here, we’ll have to wait for the keys, I’m afraid. I
can see a catheter going up from a collection bag here, that’s about all.
Well…..let me think….we shall have to set up some communication here,
remember the slave language Maxine….oh look I’m sorry I’m being so
thoughtless, but we have to talk somehow….so one ahhh for yes, and two for no,
okay?”

I had to love Emma; she was taking
control straight away, she had me locked to a gurney, dressed in my rubber
finery, having just had a sex change operation, and she had Sarah locked in some
thick glue in a glass box, and she was setting up lines of communication. Yes, I
loved her for that. She was clearly in shock, but holding it in very well.

“Okay, okay, let me think now.” She
paced up and down by my bed. “Okay, now Sarah, what can I do for you? How
about this mask here, oh jeez, I can’t get the bottom of the zip.”

“Never mind that Emma, look, I’m
fine. Perhaps you could get me another drink and give the mask a wipe. My face
has been jammed between the legs of three women for what feels like the last
day. I didn’t realize that women could…..taste….so different. By early
morning even if blindfolded I could have told if it was Uta or…..well never
mind.”  Emma shook her head and left for a couple of minutes. Sarah
called out.

“How are you doing sweetie, are you
okay there?” Well all in all, I suppose I was all right, considering, so I
ahhed once.

“You know I don’t have to say this,
but I love you….every bit of you, all of you……if you have a sweet little
pussy instead of a cock and balls…..then …fine by me. After the last couple
of days I have been……honing my pussy skills……and I have to say…I feel
embarrassed saying this ….but I really got to quite like it…..so if it is
okay by you, get ready.” It was an amazing thing for her to say and I loved
her for it, did she really mean this? I suppose only time would tell, but I knew
that I still loved her and if she would have me…..I looked over to her and
nodded as best I could, and I saw her smile.

Emma returned and began to wipe
Sarah’s face tenderly, as a mother would a child.

“Mmmm, if these caked juices are a
sign of your……skills Sarah, well…you must have quite a talent.” She
smiled evilly and pecked her on the lips. “Now what can I do with this glue
you’re stuck in? How are you feeling, can you breathe all right?”

“Yes I’m fine. If you can say being
stuck in thick transparent molasses is fine.”

“Now, how are we going to get you
out?” She unscrewed the cap by Sarah’s head and dipped her finger in.

“Yeah, this is pretty solid; it’s
going to take a while to dig you out of this all right.” She screwed the cap
back on and then thought a while, I knew she was readying herself for a speech
and it seemed to pain her. She sat by me and looked down.

“How can I say this, I feel we have
betrayed you. We are a school of discipline, submission; yes it’s all a bit
strange I admit, the rubber indoctrination and slavery, but….we would never
approve of anything like this, never. When Miss Broad finds out she will be
absolutely furious. She may have a soft spot for Sigi, but you, both of you,
have really made an impression on her, particularly you Maxine, in getting her
to see the light with Camille, I don’t think she’s ever been happier, and
now this happens. She’s out this morning, she left very early to interview a
new client. He has a young wife who has been playing around and wants her
brought in line and thinks this is the place to do it. Miss Broad will check him
out and see if he’s a potential client, she should be back later this
afternoon, maybe we’ll have the keys by then.” She gently ran her hand over
my mask.

“How can we make this up to you? Well
we can’t I know…it is done….so we have to look forward, yes?” I nodded
and Sarah said. “Yes, we must.”

“You will have a….new life….as
a….woman. Look I’m sure Miss Broad will be happy to have you stay here, you
can make a new life here….both of you. Oh, God, I’m blathering like an
idiot, I’m so selfish, and I should leave you to talk.” But no, I wanted her
there, she was good company and I was pleased to hear Sarah say.
“No, stay here Emma, stay. If we have to talk, then you should be here.”

“Okay….well, are you comfortable? I
know I can’t do much here; I can’t even give you a drink. What about me
releasing this tube so you can breathe air instead of the rubber aroma?”
Frankly I wasn’t bothered about that, the rubber aroma was actually quite
comforting….so I actually aaahhhed twice. She gave me a knowing smile and
nodded.

“So, we’ve made a rubber addict out
of you, have we? Well, at least something good has come out of it.” She
grinned again. “You know there is all the rubber you will ever need right
here.” I knew it was an open invitation and right then, I knew it would be
hard to resist. My life before was over and I had to start from new, I would
have to think about my job (former job?) and my apartment, friends etc. What
would they all think?

I had come to really like this school, I
was now truly immersed in the rubber indoctrination, the bondage, the pony
races, the transvestism (although I suppose it wasn’t cross-dressing any
more!) the whole thing. Could I go back to the “real” world now? Me -
tattooed, pierced and ringed, shaved and as a woman, it would be a very
different world. Probably not, I thought, but what about Sarah, she had her own
life and I had no right in forcing anything on her. Sarah, not for the first
time, seemed to read my thoughts.

“We’ll survive, darling. You’ll
see, we’ll be fine; we have each other. I love you, whoever….whatever you
are, okay? If you want to disappear from the world or stay here, I’ll be with
you…if you want me. I’m fine with this place as well; I’ve had the
most….extraordinary experiences the last few days.” She blew me a kiss and I
felt a thousand times better. As we were thinking of our futures, Emma stood up
and said.

“Well, as Miss Broad is away, and I am
in charge, I think I will call a meeting of the war council!” She smiled
ruefully. “Don’t panic you two; I’m going to get Amanda and Camille. I’m
going to need a lot of help extricating you from this, Sarah and we should all
talk I think. You know you two, you have your best friends here, we will do
anything you want, so it’s time they were informed, and I’ll do that.
We’ll keep it to ourselves today though.” She pecked me on my forehead and
kissed Sarah too, then left.

We were silent for a while; I was hot
and clammy under my rubber sheet, I couldn’t imagine what Sarah was feeling
like. I looked at her and despite being locked in her gluey prison she smiled at
me. Then something strange happened. Although I felt sorry for her there, I also
found it, for some reason, quite erotic. I would have loved to sit on the
cushion in front of her and have her perform oral sex on me, I would have loved
that all right, and then I felt a stirring in my groin! I have read about
people, after having a limb cut off, feeling “phantom” pains; was I feeling
the same? Sarah seemed to read me again, it was as if she had a key into my
mind, it was very freaky sometimes – I was never able to lie to her, not that
I ever wanted to.

“I may give you a treat darling
sometime, I bet you would love to have me in here and sit on this cushion in
front of me – you know I’d like that too. I think I am up for it.” I
actually laughed into my mask; she knew she had caught me out. Actually if truth
be told, I would have loved to be in the box with Sarah sitting in front of me,
for I wanted to test my skills against Uta and the other girls. I promised
myself when we were out of this I’d give her a treat all right. We continued
to look at each other in silence, our thoughts somehow crossing the void.

The discomfort in my groin seemed to be
lessening, or maybe I was now used to it. I could feel the catheter in me, but
had got used to that too. The anal plug – well not having one inside me would
have been strange! I could tell that Sarah was tired and I breathed in the
rubber aroma and started to drift to sleep myself. It had been a hell of a few
days!

I don’t know how long we were out but
we were woken by Emma, returning with Amanda (with Imogen in tow) and Camille.
Poor Imogen didn’t know what day it was; she had been in the school only a
couple of days and, my goodness what she had witnessed, and now Sarah and I!
Amanda now had her in a bright yellow catsuit, which certainly showed off her
young curves. She didn’t need a corset, but Amanda had squeezed her into a
yellow and green one, to match her green high heels and posture collar. Her
wrists were cuffed to D rings on either side of the corset, giving her a few
inches of play. She was not gagged, but a couple of days with Amanda, the world
famous model turned domina, had taught her to keep her mouth shut. Her mouth
dropped when she saw Sarah and I, but she kept quiet as Amanda told her to sit
in a chair behind me.

Emma had clearly told them both the full
story, but this didn’t stop them from being shocked and horrified. Camille,
who still felt she owed me so much, immediately came to me and caressed me head,
her face a picture of sympathy. She looked as if Emma had interrupted her as she
was going for a run, for she wore a bright red rubber halter top, shocking pink
tights and a pair of runners – nothing else. Despite the fact that she had
worn the doggy suit for so long she had a fine, hard body; it must have been all
the hours on the running machine that did it. She looked lost for words and just
held me. I looked up through my lenses and saw her ample breasts filling out the
halter top and again, very strangely, felt a funny feeling in my groin, it was a
kind of sharp pain rather than a dull one, as if someone had stuck some needles
in my cock, which was impossible of course.

Amanda was with Sarah, and as she pecked
her lips she examined the box. She had the same uniform as Emma, all in black,
her long, slim legs disappearing up her mini skirt, the blouse emphasizing her
very un-model like breasts. At her waist were the gags, blindfold and whip, and
I’m sure Imogen, poor little eighteen year old Imogen had learned the hard way
already not to cross her. When Camille had stood up and gone to Sarah, Amanda
came to me as well, she thought for a second and said, I think to lighten the
mood of a strange situation.

“Well Maxine, I told you before, if
you want a job on the runway I can get you one, and now you are…..well, we
won’t have any of the other girls getting worried that there is a man in the
room as they go through their changes. I’m not joking Maxine, you can do
it….if you want. It is a terrible thing that has happened but…..it is
done……and you…..and Sarah have to look to the future. You’ll need plenty
of time to think this through I know, but there is work there for you, not all
the houses want stick insects for models, you would fill a real need. Maxine
love, I owe you a lot, you got Peter off my back for good, so I will do anything
I can, whatever you want, sweetie, okay?”

I nodded, I almost felt tears in my
eyes; these were my friends all right. Sarah I could see was also very
appreciative of the attention, but smiled and said in a gruff voice.

“Hands off there, girls, she’s mine
all mine, for good, remember that!” They laughed quietly and the room was far
from filled with gloom. I thought again that when you are surrounded by friends,
no matter what the circumstances then life is a lot better. We must have slept a
while because Emma said it was lunch and Amanda ordered Imogen into the kitchen
to help her. Imogen seemed only too happy to get away from this strange scene.
Amanda sat by me and Camille by Sarah, as she told the whole story. They said
very little, but just looked compassionately at me. Sarah told of her night,
glued within the box and forced to watch the three women on the latex waterbed.
When each took a break they would sit on her cushion, take her head and force it
down into their moist caverns. She couldn’t remember how many times this
happened, for the women seemed insatiable. Sarah shook her masked head.

“It was a very strange night, I got to
learn the shape and contours of each woman, and their taste and smell….and
then what it took to make them come. I couldn’t fight them of course, here I
was in this glue, unable to move, with my head held and maneuvered between these
thighs. And they kept giving me tips, move here, lick there, don’t stop, bite
tenderly here, blow there.” The room was very quiet as she told her story.

“And then…..” She swallowed. “I
realized that I was enjoying it, that after a while they didn’t have to coach
me, I knew whose pussy was in front of me and what it required.” She was
silent for a second. “I don’t know what to think, part of me is ashamed and
part quite thrilled by it….I hope you are not mad at me sweetie.”

And of course I wasn’t; you do what
you have to do to survive and if you get pleasure on the way, then it’s okay
by me. I aahhed twice loudly and shook my head. She smiled.

“Thanks, the things a girl has to do
to survive around here.” They others laughed quietly and Sarah said, tenderly.

“Don’t worry, I’ll make it up to
you, we have some catching up to do.” Emma returned, followed by Imogen who
was holding a tray of food in her cuffed hands, there were sandwiches and some
soup, probably canned but I would have loved some – I was ravenous. But I
didn’t want them to take my air hose off; the smell of rubber was fine, and if
I got a whiff of the food I would have gone crazy.

“Oh this is so cruel, poor Maxine
there.” Said Emma, but I shook my head, it was fine to see them eat, we all
had to and there was no point in waiting on me. Emma ladled out a bowl of soup
and sat by Sarah, then fed her slowly, spoonful after spoonful, interspersed by
mouthfuls of sandwich.

“Ahhh,  that is so good, tastes
better than what I was eating last night.” Said Sarah to the others, giggling.
I didn’t mind them joking, there was no point in moping, what’s done was
done. They seemed very comfortable; Amanda was feeding Imogen, wiping her face
tenderly. Imogen would come round, I was sure; tender loving and hard discipline
were a trademark of the school and Amanda was getting to be an expert at it very
quickly. Emma then got serious again.

“Well…..have you thought
about…..your…..future, or is all this too much? We can look after you here
while you….acclimatize, the treatments and the operations if you need any
more. I’m sure Miss Broad will know other doctors and I’m equally sure she
won’t want to see Sigi again.” Camille nodded.

“I agree, Sigi has just gone too far
this time. I’ll talk with Linda, thanks to you Maxine, she will now listen to
me. I would love you to stay. We all would and I know Linda would have you here
in a flash. If you don’t want to, and want to go out there into the big wide
world, of course you can, Amanda has said she has contacts. I think you will do
well – but…you always have a place here.”

“Well said.” Emma interrupted.
“You are a trooper Maxine, and you too Sarah; we all need help here, you will
be a great asset. Miss Broad can create a position for you both, you could be
here permanently or come for extended periods…..you do what you wish.” It
was Sarah who spoke next; she had finished being fed and seemed quite perky now
– for a woman locked inside a glass cube.

“Well, it’s great to know we have
friends here. I shall say my piece now. I will do….” Here she looked at me.
“…anything Maxine, everything he…she wants, because I don’t want to
leave her. Stay or go, we’ll be together…..that’s it, I’ve said all I
need to say.” Our eyes held and I could feel tears in mine. I nodded – how
could I say thank you? Amanda got Imogen to clear the dishes and wash and clean
up, and then ordered her to clean all the rubber clothing strewn about by the
three women – that would keep her busy for quite a while.

So as Imogen pottered about the room
under the critical eye of Amanda, we waited for the courier and made small talk.
It seemed so strange but I could feel a tension among our friends. Maybe it was
the guilt, I don’t know, I didn’t blame them. But Emma, Camille and Amanda
all seemed subdued by the whole process. I could tell they wanted us to stay and
were trying so hard to lighten the mood. Sarah actually looked quite
comfortable, amazing as that may have seemed. But her head was well supported by
the cushioning around her neck and she entered into the conversations about how
I took care of Peter and how wonderful we were as a pony duo. She laughed at the
thought of the ponytails up our rears and even laughed at the rings through her
labia. It was such an odd sight, seeing her in the cube, with just her masked
head sticking out.

My mind drifted to my new “life” as
a woman. Would I be accepted in the outside world, among my “old” friends
– denuded of hair, tattooed and ringed? I thought not. I could live on the
fringes, there were plenty of people like that out there, it would just be a
case of finding them – but always in the back of my mind was Sarah, she had
vowed to stay with me - my Sarah.

Or should we stay here? I had got so
used to the place, even comfortable. The constant exposure to rubber – its
cling, sheen, aroma, all of it had hooked me. I knew I was addicted to it, its
impermeability, its cool embrace and then the way it warmed up and allowed you
to sweat. Lying there, I was actually getting excited thinking about it. Yes, my
life, our lives could continue here – with domination and submission, and
rubber immersion. If Sarah was sure – absolutely, then I concluded that this
was what I wanted. She said she didn’t care if I was male or female, I
was….me and she would still love me, that’s all I ever needed anyway. They
continued to chat and we continued to wait, Emma had told the girls in the
school that as soon as a courier came to the front gates and buzzed the school,
she would go there and pick up the package.

Finally the phone rang and Emma answered
it immediately. She grabbed an ankle-length cape and ran out; God knows what the
courier would think. Within five minutes she was back throwing off her cape,
almost out of breath. She tossed one set of keys to Camille and another to
Amanda, who tried my locks first. As they were fumbling with the padlocks, Emma
had ripped open an envelope inside that contained Sigi’s instructions. Amanda
had my helmet off now and I took a huge intake of air; my tongue was a little
sore and I needed a drink, but otherwise I felt okay. As she was releasing the
steel plate locked over me, there was suddenly a shriek and a howl from Emma.
Camille had already unlocked Sarah’s box and slid off the lid, exposing the
gooey silicon/wax and joined Emma, looking at the letter.

“No!” She screamed and started
helping Amanda with the plate, desperately matching locks with keys. Sarah felt
very left out with this, as did I. She shouted.

“Does somebody mind telling me what
the fuck is going on?”

“You’ll see.” Emma said and pulled
back the steel plate and then the rubber sheet covering me. I raised me head and
glanced down at my groin, expecting the worst of course but wondering what all
the kafuffle was about.

And then I saw the reason for their joy.

I was still intact!

There were my cock and balls in all
their glory! My cock was covered in a tight rubber condom with, I could clearly
see, sharp, hard rubber needles on the inside. These were much harder and
sharper than the ones I had experienced with the pouch; these really dug in and
were clearly the reason behind my discomfort down there. In addition there was a
catheter up my cock and the tube trailed down between my legs to the bag under
the bed. And there were my balls too, still with the steel ring around their
base. And as the girls were jumping up and down squealing like kids at a
birthday party, poor Sarah, up to her neck in thick transparent silicon/wax
shouted.

“Hey…. am I invisible, can someone
roll me over there?” And Emma looking a bit guilty pushed her over to me and
allowed Sarah a good look at my jewels. Oh my God, she mouthed in silence and
grinned at me. Amanda had by now managed to release all the padlocks but before
I could stand Emma pulled on a pair of surgical gloves and very carefully pulled
off the thick condom, and with it the catheter. I just about cried with the pain
as the hard needles scraped their way down my cock, but I was so happy at still
having my friends down there I just kept smiling. So now I stood in front of
them, all grinning like Cheshire cats – Camille in her rubber running gear and
Amanda and Emma in their uniforms, and then dear Sarah in her hard cube. I was
wearing the rubber stockings, garter belt, corset, bra and gloves all in white
and there was not a shred of embarrassment within me. In fact I was beginning to
go hard, surrounded by all these beauties. Amanda groaned, then laughed and went
to the cupboard and brought back a pair of white panties, telling me with a grin
to cover myself, and a white blouse and a short white skirt and helped me into
them. Once clothed again in rubber, I felt truly comfortable, not even the rings
and piercings, nor the tattoos, nor my bald pate could darken my mood. I leant
over Sarah; she still had her black and red mask on but didn’t seem to care,
and gave her a long, lingering kiss. She grinned and said.

“Perhaps while you geniuses are
figuring out a way to get me out of this goo, Emma can read the letter.” And
as we surrounded her, prodding the waxy surface and coming up with a strategy,
Emma began to read.

*“Dear girls – well what is the
word – gotcha! What did you take us for? We are women who love sex, other
women, rubber, bondage and all their associated attributes. We are not crazy, we
are cruel dominas. We know we have a reputation and sometimes it works just to
stay quiet. It was a cruel joke we played, but no one has been hurt. Maxine, you
look wonderful with shaven head or without, it will grow again, we had a lot of
fun with you. The rings are made of steel but not tempered; they can, if you
both wish, be removed with a pair of strong cutters – we just pretended they
were permanent. We hope you don’t. Sarah, your labia rings look wonderful on
you – and well just about everyone has nipple rings nowadays, don’t they?
Maxine, the nose ring was a wonderful addition, emphasizing your complete
submission, with your shaven head you looked superb with it, but I can
understand if you wish it removed, it will be easy and painless. The tattoos we
loved doing, again they can be removed, a little more painful perhaps, but with
no marks afterwards, Linda knows a good tattooist. Sarah, I think Uta is
distraught at not being able to see you again, she really does have a crush on
you I think but she will get over it.  Having received the attention of
your tongue and lips I can understand why; you have a great talent and are
spoilt on the boys! Maxine is a very lucky fellow. So goodbye to you all, we had
a wonderful time, and the little joke was the icing. No hard feelings, I think
Linda may allow us back, but not for a while perhaps, which is our loss. If we
do, then I sincerely hope Maxine and Sarah will fulfill their true destiny and
remain there to greet us, and perhaps renew our acquaintance. Au revoir!*

We stayed quiet for a while; we had been
suckered all right.  And in the end what were Sigi and her colleagues –
very cruel and very efficient dominas who had taught me the real element of
submissiveness. And Sarah had clearly found talents in Sapphic love she thought
she never had. I wasn’t jealous of this, she had proved her loyalty so many
times and she was a free spirit, the last thing I would ever want to do would be
to tame her – but put her in some serious rubber bondage and roger her until
she screamed for release, well, I could do that!

As I thought on this, we determined that
it would take us hours to scoop the sticky goo out of the cube until Camille
suggested that as it was wax/silicon based maybe it would loosen with heat. We
decided to give it a go and rolled her into the large shower. We turned it on
until it was almost boiling and with Camille and me behind her, Amanda aimed it
at the front and top of the box. As the steam rose and it got really hot, the
goo began to soften and we started to scoop it out. Sarah had her rubber suit
and mask on so was reasonably protected and soon we were able to pull her up,
firstly unscrewing the dildo tubes at her crotch. We unfastened her wrist cuffs
and then her spreader bar and she placed her arms around my neck. I saw the
others look at each other and as Amanda and Camille took away the wretched cube,
Emma said.

“I think we can leave you here for the
rest of the day, what say we come back this evening, Miss Broad can come over
too, we have a lot to talk about and we have to bring her up to date.” She
thought for a second or two. “You know……what we said earlier….we
didn’t just say it because we thought you had been turned……what I mean is
that you are both welcome to stay….well, we all want….”

“Yes Emma, we get it.” I said
smiling, as I closed the big shower door. “We have a bit of catching up to do,
can you make that eight o clock; we should be….ready by then.” And they all
smiled, and left.

I turned the water to warm, all the waxy
stuff had now been swept away and she was in my arms like a sleek shiny seal.
She still had the dildos inside her, back and front, albeit deflated and I was
desperate to get at her, but she slapped my hands away from her groin. Then I
tried to get at her mask’s zip but again she slapped me away. I loved her in
latex from head to foot, but I also wanted to get to her! She passed her hands
over my bald head and kissed me lovingly. It seemed so odd, me dressed in white
rubber skirt, blouse, stockings and underclothes, but it didn’t put her off as
she grinned evilly and lowered herself to her knees, the shower water pounding
her back and head, and raised my skirt. She pulled down my panties and said.

“Well, I’m obviously very good with
women; I hope I haven’t lost touch with cocks.” She looked up and grinned
through her mask and then like a schoolgirl licking an ice cream took me into
her mouth slowly, lowered the short skirt over her head and went to work on me!
Oh, and she was wonderful, was it the rubber I don’t know but I almost came
straight away. But she knew what to do, with a press of a thumb behind my balls,
I was kept on the edge.

And she didn’t
stop – licking, biting gently, and sucking. And I felt her finger press on my
butt plug – in all the excitement I had actually forgotten it was there! She
was having so much fun down there I didn’t want to stop her, but I took
her by her arms and raised her, the shower pounding off her rubber masked head,
she was looking as happy as I had ever seen her, grinning crazily behind the
mask.

We slowly helped
each other to take our clothes off, mask, catsuit, stockings, skirt, blouse and
bra and finally with a giggle from Sarah my butt plug. Soon they lay to the side
as we soaped each other sensuously. She was not in the least bit shocked by my
tattoos or rings nor I in hers. After a lot of giggling, pinching, biting,
grappling, kissing and slapping we emerged and toweled off. When we returned to
the rubber room, we found on the bed a pair of strong wire cutters, with a note
from Emma saying these would do the trick for the rings adorning our bodies.

We sat on the latex
sheets and looked at the cutters, each thinking the same thoughts.

“Well, I’m quite
happy with mine, I think, call them medals of honour.” Sarah said quite
happily as he looked down at the rings in her labia and nipples. I thought about
mine, in nipples, at the base of my scrotal sac and through my septum. I too
didn’t really have a problem with them, except I suppose for the septum one
and said this to Sarah. She just grinned and said, picking up the cutters.

“Okay, brave boy,
want me to do it?” I faked a wince and said.

“Please, and be gentle
with me.” She laughed and straddled me on the side of the bed. It was very
hard to concentrate on the matter in hand with her boobs staring at me and her
shaved crotch above mine, but she very tenderly managed to grip the ring and,
with strength I knew only too well, cut it. We prised it open just wide enough
to pull off and I was free. I was a little sore, but it was nothing that a
little tender loving couldn’t take care of.

13.09.06
story concluded in **[part eight](finishing_school18.html)**

**\* \* \***
