---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tools
authors:
- Hungry Giantess
tags:
- F/m
- pills
- shrink
- tease
- mast
- climax
- food
- swallow
- soft
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2005-10-19 00:00:00
---

Tools; a man's best friend, a woman's worst rival.

My husband, like any other man, loves tools. He has a ton in the garage,
but every time he goes to the hardware store, he finds another that he
just has to have. See the awe in his eyes when he spots a mitre saw, even
though he has a scroll saw at home. Oh, how I wish he would look at me
that way!

What's a woman to do when she has to compete with her husband's tool
collection?

Well, I've found my solution...

Whenever David gets the notion to tinker in the garage, (which means
I won't be getting any loving attention), I slip him some of my water retention
pills. They help me rid my body of excess water, but I have found that
in men, it shrinks them down to four inches.

I wait until he tells me he's going out to the garage, offer him something
to drink, then slip in a couple of pills, while he's not looking. They're
fast acting too. It only takes a few minutes.

Once he's shrunk down, I have his full attention, and I can do whatever
I want with him. Usually, I shrink him down and tease him for a while.
Sometimes I just carry him around with me while I clean the house or run
errands. My favorite place to put him is in the cleavage of my breasts.
He fits so perfectly there. When I feel I've gotten enough attention from
him, I put him to bed and let him sleep it off. While he's asleep, he returns
to his normal size and when he awakens, he has no memory of what happened.

But one day, I decided to do something totally different!

He was headed for the garage one Saturday afternoon. He asked me to
pour him a glass of ice tea. I cheerfully and slyly prepared my concoction
for him. Just as he stepped out to the garage, he took a big drink. After
a few minutes, it began to work, shrinking him quickly. He stood there,
at the doorway, a mere four inches.

I reached down and picked him up, hearing his tiny voice protesting,
as he usually does.

"What are you doing, put me down?!" he said.

"I have plans for you, but for now, I'm just going to tease you." Each
time I shrink him, he has no recollection of the last, so he has no idea
of what I have in store for him.

I take him to the living room and begin teasing him. I place his naked
body in the palm of my left hand and with my right hand, I light a Virginia
slim 120 cigarette. I dangle it between my lips for a bit, then jet toward
him with it. This excites him. I see a very tiny erection appear. He's
frightened, but clearly enjoying this. He begins to stroke his erection,
until he comes. I move him closer to me and stick my tongue out to catch
the tiny droplets. What little I taste, gets my taste buds going. If that
small bit of cum is so scrumptious, he must be extraordinarily delicious.
Eating him, entirely, would be an extreme pleasure. Just the thought of
having him inside me excites me.

I take him to the kitchen and set him on the counter while I prepare
myself a bowl of chocolate ice cream. Taking him with me, I go to the table.
I set him down alongside my bowl of ice cream. I take a bite of my ice
cream, taking my time to enjoy the flavor and smooth texture.

"You would be delicious with this ice cream," I tell him.

"You mean you're going to eat me," he says in a frantic tone.

"Of course I am," I answer. "I'm really tired of competing with those tools
of yours. I want you with me all the time, and as long as you have the
time to spend in the garage, you won't pay any attention to me. This way,
I won't have to worry about it anymore."

With that said, I picked him up and placed him in my bowl. I begin to
slowly swirl him around with my spoon. He shivers from the coldness. I
scoop him up with some ice cream. I bring the spoon to my lips. Once again,
his penis becomes erect. I slowly put the contents of the spoon, which
includes him, in my mouth.

I savor the flavor of David and the ice cream. I slowly swirl him around
with my tongue, feeling his erect penis tickle the roof of my mouth. Then,
all at once, I swallow. I feel him slowly slide down my throat, then to
my stomach.

Light, tasty, and satisfying! After I finsh, I smoke a cigarette, as
I always do after a satisfying meal. I begin to tire and decide to take
a nap. As soon as I lay on the bed, I quickly drift off to sleep.

The End
