---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bondage_renewal3.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Bondage Renewal 3
authors:
- The White Knight
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- spank
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Bondage Renewal 2**](bondage_renewal2.html))_

_[Part 2](bondage_renewal2.html)
**Bondage Renewal
- Part 3**

Now for the last little pieces of the tableau I was setting out to create. 
Again from the top draw I removed two items, a black sleep mask and an aged
wooden hairbrush.  The mask was a sleep mask from Victoria's Secret. 
It was not the best of blindfold, but as a sleep mask was less onerous to my
wife than any other option it was my blindfold of choice.  The brush
resembled a sort of  miniature paddle sans rounded ends. I had fallen
upon this treasure after our first spanking encounter and couldn't help but
add it to my bag of goodies.   Ann's eyes popped open as she saw
these two items.  A whining scream filled the air as her gag proved its
worth.  She began pulling at her bonds, futilely trying to escape from
them.  I tried to calm her down, but rather than being mollified she
raised her head and shook it negatively from side to side.

"Whoa.  Whoa, baby", I said as I reached behind her head and
untied the satin strap.  Pulling the ball from her mouth, I asked her
what her problem was.

"No one ever said anything about using a hair
brush!", she cried out in an angry frightened tone.

"Your hand,
yes", she continued a little more calmly.  "But, that large wooden
brush...",  her body shivered,  "that's looks like it would
really hurt."

"Baby, to tell you the God's honest truth... spanking your ass hurts my
hand," I explained to her.  "I'm a finance expert, not a field
worker.  The first time that we tried this it took a part of the fun out
of it for me... so I just thought we could try something else."  There
were tears in her eyes now, part from frustration and part from fear.

"But you're going to hurt me!" my she wailed.

Sitting on the bed, I cupped her head in my hands and kissed away her
tears.  "Yes, I am going to hurt you", I agreed with her. 
"But, I promise you that I will be very careful and only give you the
spanking that you desire."  Tears were still in her eyes, but I could
see that I was wining her over.  My face brightened.  "I've got
an idea!  How about we leave out the gag for the beginning of your
spanking!  If it's too much for you we can stop right away.  On
the other hand, if you feel OK about it will put back in the gag and complete
your punishment.  How does that sound?"

Her eyes smiled through their watery mist.  "Sounds pretty good to
me... master", Ann responded in a shaky voice.  "Besides I have been
terribly naughty.  You know dressing up like this and letting you tie me
up.  Yes, definitely naughty."

I stole a desperate kiss from her
warm pink lips and answered, "Well, we will just have to set about that
young lady.  You know I will."  Rising I lifted the mask from the
bureau and moved towards her.

"Do I have to be blinded?", she once
again whined.  Blindfolds were not in her top list of desired apparel.

"You are taking advantage of my kindness young lady" I reproached her. 
Bending down I whispered in her ear "I promise that this will make it more
interesting lover.  Not knowing when or from which direction that I am
going to smack your fine buttocks should prove quite an experience indeed." 
She nodded agreement.  I raised her head off of the pillow and slid the
mask over her eyes.  The elastic band slid quickly through her curly
locks until it found a tight and secure perch.

Rising I stood at the left side of the single bed, directly in line with my
loves twin creamy crescents.  I gazed at her supine form drinking in her
every nock and cranny.   My shapely wife was clothed in an exciting
red corset outfit, her legs were graced with gleaming black stockings. 
Her feet rested on the bed, loosely shod in red satin mules.  Wrists were
tied to knees and her ankles bound to the corners of the footboard of the bed. 
Her breasts were tightly constricted in a rope harness, which was attached to
the head of the bed.  The bottom line, no pun intended, was that she was
bound helplessly before me with her bare butt sticking upwards, awaiting any
punishment I wished to deal out to her.

Bending once more I whispered in her ear.  "The first few strokes
will be testing blows".  Ann jerked, proving that the blindfold was
doing its intended job.  I smiled to myself.  It just doesn't get
much better than this!  "Raise your rump young lady, by your own
admission you've been naughty and must therefore be punished!" 
Determinedly her rear rose into position. Her soft crescents were once again
milky white, betraying no hint of our earlier encounter.

Ann's fleshy moons quivered as she awaited the first strike.  SMACK. 
Her face grimaced in pain, as she audibly expelled air from her nose.  It
was my first time using wood on her rump and I was therefore doubly careful. 
The initial white mark of impact turned into a pink patch dead in the center
of her left cheek.  Her hands, below her tied wrists, clenched into
strained fists.  SMACK.  "Ooooohhhh", Ann moaned softly pulling
slightly at her bonds.  I gave her three more shots and then went fishing
for feedback.

Again I whispered in her ear, so as not to damage our role-playing. 
"How does that feel?" I asked in interest.

"OK", she breathed
out softly.

I sighed.  "No, no that"s not what I mean", I
replied.  "I really want to know how it feels... to be spanked with
this brush."

Ann's mouth opened in a fish-like "O" and she
answered, "Oh. Oh, yes of course.  Well at first its real stingy... you
know it stings... kind of painfully.  Then, after a few seconds the whole
area sort of begins to glow...  like the heat is radiating outward from
where the brush landed.  It all sort of tingles... and... and that tingle
goes right to... my sex.  God I can feel it now... It's really kind of
cool... unique even."

I looked over my wife's lovely cheeks each
with its own pink patch and asked quietly, "You mean spanking your butt is
actually turning you on?"  I said this playfully in an incredulous tone
of voice.

"Oh, stop it... master", she smiled and then with a blush
that made her cheeks match the color on her ass, she answered me with a laugh,
"but, yes...  it does!"

"Alright, rest time is over.  Present yourself my young lady", I
ordered my bride.  My fishing expedition for information had paid off. 
Obviously, I wasn't putting enough force into the blows if she was getting
all gushy over them.  SMACK.

"Ooohhh my God, master", she
groaned as her butt rocked to the blow.  "The tip of the brush just
clipped my pussy on that one", she shivered out breathlessly. 
"Please be careful... master."

With her legs spread so widely at the
knees, her pussy made no small target.  It was very easy to catch a piece
of it when I struck at the lower part of her cheeks.   SMACK. 
SMACK.  Two more solid blows fell on the top of each of her cheeks.

"OOOOhhhhhh yeah", she cried out.  "That was... wonderful", she
moaned.  "Maybe just a tiny bit harder... please master", she begged.

Damn, I had already increased the weight of my strokes and now she was telling
me hit harder!  Wow, of course I love it when she begs!  My rod
hardened further pulling against my boxers.  SMACK. SMACK.  Two more
blows to against the middle of her cheeks.

"Ooooooowwwww, God yes",
she cried out loudly.  SMACK. SMACK.  This time against the fleshy
lower part of her cheeks, purposefully trying to tag just a bit of her mons in
each stroke.  "Aaaiiiiiiieeee", she yelled as her face set into a
grimace.  If was amazing to watch her practice her breathing that we had
learned in natural childbirth classes.  She would take a lot of little
breaths and then a big cleansing breath.  Heck, it had worked during
labor, so why not here?  Her reddened rear was rotating in a circular, up
and down fashion as if trying to cool itself off.  Ann shifted her weight
from knee to knee, lifting each leg in turn and pulling at the bonds binding
her to the bed.

I put down the brush and began to massage her pain filled rump. 
"Oooohhhhh, yes", she moaned.  "God that feels, so good."  I
kneaded her rump.  "Oh, master", she moaned in pleasure / pain. 
"My butt feels like it's on fire.  The heat tingles so that I think it's almost real.  Like you could cook an egg back there."  She
stretched against her bonds.  "Uuuummmm", she continued to moan. 
"Touch me master... please touch me."  I continued to rub her
beautiful red cheeks and they were indeed hot!  When I didn't go near
her aching pussy, she whined again "Pleeeese master!"  Lightly I
brushed the tips of my fingers over her mound, just barely touching her pubic
hair.  I knew this would drive her crazy.  "Ooooooeeeeeewwwww",
she groaned loudly in frustration and anger.

Before she could complain more, I pressed the ball gag up against her
anger-pursed lips.  "Open wide darling", I told her.  "We are
going for all of the marbles now and you know how loud you get!"  I
heard her breathe "damn" under her breath, but she spread her jaws as
directed.  Her sweet sexy lips were soon once again surrounding the
rubber ball.  That yellow globe, encircled by her widely stretched pink
lips was exciting all by itself.  Boing! My cock snapped to attention,
again.  Oh, lord I thought, I had better get some relief and soon!

"Return your buttocks to its up right position.  Fold away your food
tray and stow any loose luggage", I intoned like a steward on of the all too
many flights I had to take.  Doggedly she raised her pink cheeks into
their fully extended position.  We were ready now.  I now had the
feel for the how best to use the brush and I was confident that I could warm
her cheeks appropriately.  SMACK.  SMACK.  Two blows low on the
curve of her left cheek made her whole ass jiggle with the impact.  Her
retracted rump, doggedly raised back into position as she regained her
composure.  This went on for another three or four round of quick twin
blows.  I spread the blows evenly about her rump, making her cheeks glow
a uniform bright red.  Her breathing was now only a raspy sound
struggling through her nose, but her moaning betrayed her excitement. 
Those moans were screaming sexual satisfaction.  They were also getting
continually louder, sometimes I was even sure that she was shrieking into her
gag.

"Are you alright honey", I asked giving her time to catch her breath. 
I rubbed her rear feeling its unnatural heat.  She nodded her head
affirmatively against the pillow and groaned appreciatively to my
ministrations.  "Very good then", I gave her warning.  I started
a slow measured whipping of her already pained ass.  Rather than reduce
the force of my blows, which was my first inclination, I did the opposite. 
Just slightly increasing their weight.  Soon her rump began to gyrate
once more.   I whacked at her revolving rear, taking my time and
evenly spacing each stinging blow.

It didn't take long before her knuckles of her clenched fists became
white and her moaning increased its pace.  I knew that she was close to
coming and I had a little surprise for her which I had read about once and I
hoped would work.  With both hands I steadied her rump.  She
obediently stood still.  WHAM.  I gave her a solid shot against both
cheeks.   "Uuummmmm", she groaned.

I again steadied her
rear and watched as her ass cheeks twitched, anticipating the worst. 
Quickly I switched my grip on the brush, gripping the head in my hand. 
Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap.  I lightly spanked her widely spread pussy with
the brush handle.  "Ooooh.  Oooooh.  Ooooh. Oooooh," she
moaned.  "UUUUUMMMMMMMMHHHH", she cried.

It was amazing to
watch her body involuntary twitching from that initial assault. 
Literally it looked like her body was sucking in her tender mound trying to
protect it.  But in actuality, it was her hips arching inward towards her
stomach, slightly reducing my access to that area of her anatomy.  Moving
the brush into position accordingly, I resumed my pussy whipping.  Tap.
Tap. Tap. Tap. TAP.  The last slightly harder slap sent her over the
edge.  She groaned loudly into her gag and her hips pumped back and
forth.  Her whole body jerked as she screamed, "UURRRGGGHHHH", into
her gag and a wild orgasm swept through her tortured body.  Ann's upper
body rose and fell against the bed, pulling at her halter and then realizing
the futilely of this dropping down once more.  The ropes directly over
her nipples dug deeply into her satin-sheathed breast, while the ropes above
left chafe marks against the top of her soft white mounds.   She
lost a slipper when she tried to kick her ankles upward against the tight
ropes.  The whole bed shook as she bucked to the heavenly flow. 
Finally, after a few more hectic gyrations Ann's sexual release ran its
course.

Dropping my shorts I climbed up on the bed behind her cherry red ass. 
Ann was exhausted and her rump was almost resting on the bed.  The way
her ankles and knees were spread, of course made that comfort an
impossibility.  "Hhhhmmmmmuuuummmpp", she cried out in surprise 
as I raised her walloped rump and began to rub my hard member against her
fiery pussy.  "Eeeeeiiimmmmpp". she squealed like a stuck pig as I
pulled her hips backward and impaled her on my manhood.  This was one of
my favorite positions and just a few nights ago I began pounding my meat into
and out of her lower mouth.  Each time I dove into her, she squealed. 
Partly I am sure it was do to the tenderness of that region after its
encounter with the wooden brush handle and also because my pulling her hips
toward me dragged her against her breast harness.

Watching her struggle
against her bonds and those moaning, groaning, squealing sounds she would make
drove me into a frenzy.  I imagined that I could feel the heat of her
beaten pussy engulfing my cock... and maybe I really could.  From some
reserve of energy Ann began bucking her hips up and down meeting my frantic
thrusts.  "Oooohhhh Lord yes", I cried out and came in a wonderfully
satisfy explosion.  Just then Ann's rear retracted just a bit too far
and my cock came loose!  "Rrrrriiiieeeeee", she cried through her gag
in frustration.  Grabbing myself in one hand I went to put my rod back
into my wife, but just then I noticed the eroticness of my globs of white
sperm splotching Ann's red rear.  Rather than lose the moment, I began
jerking myself off.  Shot after shot of the slimy jism splattered against
her continually arching ass.  I put one hand on her back to slow her wild
movements as my eruption ebbed and the last drops of cream bounced onto her
butt.

Something, I don't truly understand what, made me want to massage her
violated rump.  Releasing my spent member, I used both hands to smooth
the sticky cum over her buttocks.  To me it was like I was rubbing in
some type of healing balm.  Ann moaned loudly as she realized what I was
doing. Finished with that satisfying task I removed the yellow ball from behind
her pink lips and wiped the spittle away before it could wet the pillow.

"You've got to make love to me again... right now!", she cried as soon
as her mouth was free.  "Oooouuuuuuuuu", she groaned in frustration
because she knew she wasn't saying the right words correctly. 
"Master.... master....please make love to me again", she stammered out. 
"Pleeeeasssee master.  My pussy is on fire and it's unbelievably
exciting to have you in me when I'm... I'm like this..... God, it's like
being a virgin again!  It's just so good!   Pleeeessseee
master.... FUCK ME!"  Her voice deepened as she said "fuck me" and
was kind of funny, because it reminded me of Linda Blair when she was
possessed in the Exorcist.

She had certainly gotten my attention though and my member did a little
shiver and began to come back to life.  Pulling the mask from her eyes, I
shook my head and told her, "Honey I would love to, but I truly do not
believe that it is physically possible."  Wincing, even in the poor
light of the room after being in darkness for so long, Ann couldn't help but
notice my collapsed manhood.  "Shit", she mummurred.  "OK. OK.
OK".   She said as she pressed her eyes together in thought. 
"Alright, untie my hands and chest and I'll.... I'll use my mouth to get
you ready again."  My jaw dropped open and my deflated penis did its
best to stage a rebound.

Some people don't do windows, Ann doesn't do blow jobs.  In fact
she dislikes them to the point that when given the choice of bondage or a
blowjob she would pick getting tied up!  The firsts in our sexual
relationship that were coming out of these last few days just kept on popping
up.

For the last two years of high school and the first two years of college I
had had the same girl friend, which some people would refer to as an eleven. 
(i.e. Good looking and she swallowed.)  This woman gave the best head
that I have ever experienced throughout the rest of my adult life.  In
fact because during this stage of my life I did not have my own place,
blowjobs were my normal fare of choice.  And, in all honesty, after
sampling her pussy I much preferred her mouth!

Marriage, on the other hand, was a whole new ball game.  You're in
for the long haul and compromise becomes the be all and end all.  Shortly
into our relationship I was hit with that "old routine" I'm giving you
everything and your giving me nothing in return.  I was forced into the
decision of which do you want more; bondage or blowjobs.  So much for
being the master of my destiny!  Now many years past this decisive turn
of events, to have my wife be the one to suggest using her mouth on me threw
me into an overdrive excitement level.

Needless to say I lost no time uniting my wife's halter from the
headboard and then furiously began work on her wrists.  Freeing them I couldn't
help but tie the two ropes dangling from her wrists together. 
My wife glared at me as she tested the twelve-inch hobble.  Ann knelt
upright on the bed, while I slid into a sitting position with my back to the
headboard.  Bending over my wide-open crotch she quickly encircled my
cock between the fingers of both hands and started a soft pumping motion. 
At first my manhood remained soft, but then she began with her tongue! 
Her warm soft appendage slithered about the head of my penis bathing it in her
oral juices.  Any last drops that were left upon me, were soon cleaned
off.  Gentle teeth teased the sensitive head of my circumcised rod. 
My john thomas actually jumped as she breathed warm air upon it.

With
this first hint of renewal, Ann placed a kiss on the head of my cock. 
But, this was no ordinary kiss.  Opening her mouth wider and closing down
the side of her mouth she produced enough suction to pull me into her warm
oral cavity!   Now the fingers that were wrapped around my rapidly
reinflating member began a quick pistoning motion.  Her head began to bob
up and down upon me as her busy tongue swirled around my head and was
alternately replaced with a glorious sucking sensation.  What was amazing
to me was that she never took in more than two or three inches of my meat,
while it felt like my entire cock was sliding into her warm opening!  I
had never encountered this particular manoeuvre before, but I could now attest
to its effectiveness!

It was a painful process, with my cock tingling its way back to life. 
Soon though it was once more hard as a rock within the glorious confines of
her mouth.  Struggling to my knees, Ann continued to piston her head
forward.  Coming twice, this closely together, was both difficult and
painful.  It sort of felt like there was a fire in the center of my cock
as more fluids were poured in to replace the earlier expended ones. 
Despite all of this, it was immensely exciting.

"Alright you've gotten me ready", I groaned out.  "Now it is
time that I return you to your earlier stage of excitement."  I am not
sure if she heard me or if she just didn't understand, but the first swat to
her pussy with the brush handle was definitely a complete surprise.  "Ooooowwww",
she moaned around a mouthful of me.  Ann's eyes had flown open and she
was just quick enough in realizing what had happened, to keep from biting me. 
Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap.   I re-warmed her already whipped pussy. 
She fought to concentrate and continue her oral assault, but she soon lost it. 
Realizing this I pulled out, before I lost any of my revived hardness.

Kneeling behind her as before I rubbed my cock against her hot juicy
opening.  TAP.  One more snap to her pussy for good measure. 
Finding the opening, I lost no time diving in.  I love doggie style. 
There is something about this position that lets her clamp her inner muscles
more tightly about my plunging rod.  She was moaning, I was moaning, we
must have sounded like two animals in heat!  Our movements again became
frantic.  This time however, we both strove to stay in sync with each
other and it  worked to perfection.  In only minutes we were both
crying out in ecstasy.  It was like shooting mini fireballs out  as
I exploded into my wife love canal.  That pleasure / pain mix made it all
the better for me!

As our ravaged bodies finally relaxed, we began to laugh.  First
little giggles and then building to almost uncontrollable laughter.  It
took many deep breaths and a lot of work to get back in control of our
faculties.

"That was the best sex that I have ever had", I said
breaking the ice.

"Me too!", my lovely bride piped up.  "Oh
my God, was that incredible or what?", she continued softly.

"Absolutely unbelievable", I answered truthfully.

"Oh God, I'm too tired to move", Ann moaned.  I started laughing again and had to
forcibly stop myself.

"Not that you could move too far in your current
circumstances", I told her wryly.

She laughed and replied, "Speaking
of which would you be so good as to untie me please.... master."

I removed her bonds, finishing off with her breast harness.  Ann slid
slowly into a sitting position... and then popped off the bed.  "Oooww",
she said rubbing her rear-end.  I chuckled as she made quite a site
standing there in one high heel, the other stocking sheathed foot stretched
like a ballet dancer to imitate its counterpart.  I kicked over her other
slipper, which she slid into effortlessly.

"Damn, for the first time
in my life I know what its like to not be able to sit down because of a
spanking," she said softly.  I gave her a hug and then gathered up all
of the loose odds and ends from our bondage / spanking encounter.

Helping her into her sheer wrap, I said, "Come on downstairs honey.  I'll
rub some nice soothing cream into your rear end."  She laid her
head against my shoulder and replied simply, "OK."

NOTE:  One further thought (piece of information) - 
Don't take
a HOT shower after getting your butt spanked!  I thought it would be nice
to take a shower together after our earlier endeavors and my wife agreed. 
Ann yelped like a wounded dog and jumped from beneath the hot stream of water
(she had entered front first and didn't get zinged until she turned her
back.  OW.  She likened it to taking a hot shower with a bad
sunburn.  Tepid water worked out just fine.



30-01-02
