---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiesek/enigma.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: Enigma
authors:
- Anonymous
tags:
- M/m
- swallow
- stomach
- escape
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2010-06-17 00:00:00
---

When I got back to the van, the Enigma was busy; there were a pair of legs,
from about the knees down, hanging out of his mouth. I stopped to watch for a
minute. Nice legs, too; in good shape, tan, covered with dark hair. I look
around for some clues, and find a t-shirt, some sandals, and a pair of shorts
that don't belong to either of us. Dig out and open the wallet. John Marcinkus;
nope, no one I know. Not bad looking, if you can trust a driver's license photo,
kind of swarthy and Italian looking.

The Enigma was naked, and it looked like this guy took his clothes off by
himself, so they were probably having sex. Not that I'm jealous, I just want to
know if I've got to cover any tracks. If he showed up on his own power, he
probably hadn't told anyone where he was going; most people don't brag that
they're screwing a circus geek. I'm also wondering what sort of mood the Enigma
will be in, cause watching this guy vanish into the Enigma's mouth is really
making me horny. I decide, what the hell, a big meal usually leaves him in a
good mood, and I start to undress.

By the time I get onto the futon, the Enigma is halfway down the guy's
calves, sort of crouched on his knees for leverage. I give his a kiss on the
cheek on the way by, and lay down on my side, facing him so I can watch. I put a
hand on the Enigma's thigh, rub it. He's got a bit of a hard-on, not as much as
I do, and I give it a couple friendly strokes. I don't want to distract him.
Dinner doesn't seem to be struggling much any more. Once in a while, one of the
feet twitches a little, but that's all. An inch at a time, he disappears into
the geek's mouth. There go his ankles, then his heels. Insteps, the balls of his
feet all get gulped down, and then his toes. I rub the Enigma's bulgy belly
while he finishes swallowing. I have no idea how this works; he never even gets
stretch marks. With all those tattoos, they would show up, too.

"Good one?" I ask. He grunts agreement and belches a little. The Enigma isn't
really stupid, but he spends so much time playing the crazy, half-beast geek
that he gets out of the habit of talking. "A fan?"

"No, a gate crasher. I was going to throw him out when he started talking
dirty. So I brought him back here." He throws an arm around me. "How about a
kiss?"

So, not taking my hand off his cock, I lean up to kiss him. I can taste this
Marcinkus guy on his breath, which is a real turn-on. We sit there and neck for
a while, while he gets longer and harder in my hand. I move my attention down
his chest and chew on his nipples for a while, until he starts to moan, then I
move down his belly (do I feel a little struggling?) and finally down to his
cock. Now it's hard as a rock, and the Enigma moans some more as I take it into
my mouth. It becomes clear Marcinkus didn't do him before dinner, because Enigma
is all set to go off, and even though I try to go slow for he, he comes with a
shout after only a few minutes. I swallow the huge wad (no one tastes like the
Enigma. No one. It must be the diet...) and lick him clean while he catches his
breath. Then he grabs me under the armpits and heaves me up to his face. He
gives me a huge kiss, sticking his tongue deep into my mouth and cleaning out
the last drops of come. He lays me down, crouching over my hips, and starts to
go down by body with his mouth and hands. By the time he gets to my crotch I'm
so hard that my dick is hurting.

He rears back and takes my cock into his mouth. All of it. This is the
second-best part about sleeping with the Enigma. I've got a good eight inch cock
and he can take it all into his mouth, including the balls, and stick his tongue
up into my asshole. I can feel his tongue on my head and on the shaft and the
nuts, moving back and forth, and he never takes me out of his mouth. He keeps
this up until I can't hold it any more, and when I come I can't help screaming
myself.

We manage to find the covers and cuddle up. I tend to sleep on my belly,
while the Enigma curls up next to me with a hand on my back, the other by his
mouth; he tends to suck his thumb in his sleep. He looks so vulnerable and
childish like that, a very strange thought when you know him like I do.

I wake up feeling a breeze across my shoulders. I figure that the Enigma has
stolen all the blankets again. I reach over to snag them back, but he's not
there; also, I realize that my feet are all nice and warm. Then I wake up some
more and realize what's going on. He's started in on me.

He's already got my feet and ankles down his throat, and is working his way
up. He's doing most of the work with his mouth, but is hanging on to my thighs
with his hands to brace me and hold me still. I start to complain a little,
"Enigma, this is not the time," but it feels so nice and I'm still in that dozy,
half-awake frame of mind where it's easier to let things happen. I can't say
he's hurting me; just the opposite. It's warm and soft in his mouth and throat
and when his teeth touch down, it's like a little love nibble. So I relax and
let it happen, while he sucks me in up my calves and up to my knees.

I start to squirm a little when he get up to my thighs. By now he's holding
on to me up at the hips, stroking my butt as much as holding on, and I'm getting
a real boner. He manages to grab one of my hands, then the other, and pins them
at my sides. He's swallowing me a little slower, having to stretch more. When he
opens wider to start to swallow my butt, my balls slip into his mouth and rest
on his tongue.

This is the best part about sleeping with the enigma. When he's just sucking
your cock, he gives some of the best head around, but when he gets you all into
is mouth, it's like he's sucking you all, like your whole body is a cock. I
squirm against his tongue some more, while he stuffs my butt in and soon, my
whole cock is inside his mouth.

Be swallowed is wonderful. When you're in his throat, these great muscular
pulses come from all around you and move down past you, pulling you further in.
I love the way they feel against my cock, the way they press at my balls, and
I'm grinding my hips in time. The Enigma has gotten past my belly and is working
on my chest; his tongue is rubbing across my nipples and his teeth are scraping
across my back. I'm still squirming, but not really trying to get away. I'm
feeling myself pulled in with those hot contractions as my shoulders and then my
neck, and then the bottom of my face are sucked into the Enigma's mouth, and I
finally come just as his lips close over my head.

It takes me a little bit to catch my breath, as it were, while he finishes
swallowing me and my head slides down into his gut. There doesn't seem to be any
sign of that Marcinkus guy down here, (I told you, I don't know how it works)
but I'm not worried. It's not for no reason I'm billed as one of the worlds
greatest living escape artists.

First, I need to free my hands; they're pressed against my sides. Though the
Enigma's belly is strong, there's some flex, and I don't have to do any painful
dislocating to turn them around and get them up over my head. Then I can reach
them up his throat, and pull them a little apart. That gets me some air for the
next part. I stretch up to get my hands inside his mouth, and clench them into
fists to hold me there; if I were to grab something, he could just bite my
fingers or lick me off.

Now that I have some leverage, most of the rest is just work. pulling myself
up and out inch by inch. The swallowing has a rhythm it's not hard to avoid, and
when I get my head up there I use my hair to tickle his gag reflex (you don't
really suppress it, you just learn how to avoid it, and it's easy to start again
if you know how). When my elbows are out of his mouth I can use his own body for
leverage to pull myself out further.

I have a bad moment when he closes his teeth around my middle. The Enigma
doesn't always just swallow his victims; sometimes he likes to crunch them down,
and a few times he's bitten off a hand or a foot so I could have some while he
finished the rest of the guy. (So? You thought I was innocent, living with a
cannibal geek? The pieces were really good, though I like them better cooked up
than raw) But this time he's just playing, and I manage to drag myself out all
the way. When I've got everything out except my right foot, he clamps down on it
nibbles playfully, but I plant the other one on his chest and push, and he falls
over, and I get clear.

We both lay there for a minute, catching our breath, then the Enigma rolls
over and pats my ass. "That was nice. You taste so good." He leans over and we
kiss, and he draws back and chuckles. "You should take a shower." He's right,
the sun's coming up and I want to get to the shower before anyone else shows up
and I have to explain why I'm covered in spit. I get up and find a towel while
the Enigma watches me with a smile on his face. One of these days, he's going to
decide he likes me better inside his belly than outside, and I just won't get
out. I suppose I should be worried about it, but I think I'm actually looking
forward to it. I wonder for the hundredth time whether I could could work this
into a stage act. Probably wouldn't be a good idea.
