---
original_url: https://www.trashcanstories.net/storiesad/almost_packed.html
subcategory: Erotic Stories
title: Almost Packed
authors:
- Jerry Tiedinabag
tags:
- M+/mf
- wrap
- bond
- bagged
- transported
- disposal
- garbagetruck
- caught
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2006-10-03 00:00:00
---

My fiance and I like to get into trash bags together. We have a friend that is
into BDSM, so we asked him to be "the garbage man". We got ten of the very large
75 gallon bags (yes, seventy-five gallon!) and made them into one VERY strong
bag. Little did we know he was going to take it so far!
It started out on Friday night a few months ago (still cold out). We got off
work and went home, ate dinner and had "the garbage man" come by for a little
help "gathering the trash". He tied us up with shrink wrap, and put us into the
giant bag together. Little did we know he had other plans for us! (He found out
from another friend that we BOTH had the weekend plus Monday off.) After we were
"settled in" he poked two small holes in our new home. He then gave us some
plastic tubing to breath from.
Then he called his friends over to help with some "heavy trash disposal". This
made me very hard very quick! When his friends got there, they were talking
about how they were going to "dispose of us"... there were lots of great, sure
fire ideas floating around, and as they talked about them we were both getting
VERY \*hot\*. They decided not to incinerate the trash (phew!), but to just take
us to where one of them worked: a yard waste recycling plant, where people put
their grass clippings and other such by the curb, and it is wisked away by the
same kind of truck that takes away \*normal\* trash.
We were loaded into the back of a pickup truck and they drove off into the
sunset. When we got where we were going, Marcus said to one of his cohorts, "Yo!
Get this useless waste out of my truck, and put it over there by that giant wood
chipper!"

Our hearts skipped about 100 beats when we heard that! Then, we heard
a diesel truck slowly growl to life. We were tossed onto a rather soft pile of
what felt like other trash bags, then someone drove the truck very close to
where we were.
Marcus said, "They wanted us to 'take out the trash', so here we go, get those
bags loaded into the garbage truck, and leave the the really heavy one till
last."

We could hear the truck consuming the unfortunate bags, the hydraulics
slowly forcing them down its steel unforgiving throat. After about ten minutes
or so, Marcus hollers, "Now for the heavy one; hope you got your back braces on
for this load of useless waste: soon to be gone forever!" With that, we were
picked up and tossed into the mouth of the garbage truck!
More bags were piled on top of us. Then we heard the hydraulics come to life
once more and then - all of a sudden - the diesel engine died and we heard,
"Freeze, this is the police." At this time, our blood ran cold and we were
REALLY scared to say the least!
The cops kept Marcus and his buds busy with all kinds of questions. Now, keep in
mind, the truck had not swallowed us yet, thank god. Then, we heard the
unthinkable from the police officer: "We must ask you to leave, NOW. Marcus, you
are under arrest for tresspassing."
We are laying in these bags in this garbage truck and the cops are busting our
friend, we wanted to cry out but were afraid to; can you imagine what the cops
would do if they found us?!?!? So we laid there, hoping for the cops to leave,
so we could try to struggle to get out. They finally left, and we started to
fight to get out, but could not. We were really starting to worry by now. We
thanked god over and over again that the truck had not swallowed us up and that
we had the holes and tubling. I think when the truck was stopped from swallowing
us, it let the other bags fall around us.
We got tired of struggling and decided to wait it out, hoping that one of
Marcus's buds would come back for us. But we heard no more for what seemed like
a day or so. It turned out to be late Sunday before we were spared from the
hungry steel jaws of the trash truck, when we were awakened by Marcus, who was
not very happy with the whole deal at all. He and two other buds got us out of
the garbage truck (still in the bags) and loaded us into a pickup again for the
trip home. He had to leave us in the bags so we would not be found out.
This was an awesome experience, but we all decided that the private property
(the yard waste disposal plant) was a bad idea. Marcus thought the whole thing
out, and wants to do it again; and he wants to be the one to get trashed!

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=746.0)
