---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/special/halloween23/ghost_riders_in_the_halloween_sky.html
subcategory: TG/CD Stories
title: Ghost Riders in the Halloween Sky
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- F+-f
- halloween
- hum
- strip
- public
- maid
- costume
- majick
- blindfold
- cuffs
- club
- bond
- susp
- cane
- strapon
- anal
- rope
- spreadeagle
- transported
- supernatural
- nc
- XX
date: 2023-10-30 00:00:00
---

Delia’s parents were rich… more than comfortably rich. They were rich, rich. And she grew up with all of the wealth and privilege that goes along with that status, including legacy membership to one of the most sought-after sororities at Arizona State. And more important to this story, she had almost unlimited access to her parents’ luxury cabin at Lake Havasu on the Arizona-California border.

Most people who stay for a weekend at one of these cabins are paying a high AirBnB rental that most of us could never afford. For Delia, however, it was merely a matter of making sure her parents or one of their important clients wasn’t using the cabin that weekend. Her parents rarely went to the lake anymore, and since her dad retired, there were very few clients who needed that favor to clinch a big deal. The one payment, if you want to call it that, which her parents required was that she close down the cabin at the end of the season.

Delia was now a senior and an officer at the sorority. For the past three years, she and several of her friends would go over to the cabin on the last weekend of October and have a wild, wild, Halloween party. Then she would pay a local company to clean everything up and prepare the cabin for winter while they slept off the effects of the party.

This year, she brought along her three best friends, Tawleena, Susana, and Frederika. They were known on campus as “The Fearsome Four” because they could make… or break… any girl on campus. It was often ‘break’. One word from The Fearsome Four and a girl would find herself frozen out of all social activities on campus. They could even destroy her academic work by making sure that no one would work with her or help her with… anything. Another, perhaps more accurate name for Delia and her friends were “The Devil Bitches.” Delia and her fellow Devil Bitches were going to close down the cabin one last time. Also– only because her parents insisted on it– Delia was bringing along her baby sister, Shirley.

Little Shirley Temple, as Delia liked to call her, was a first-year student and was technically not yet part of the Sorority. If it were not for the Legacy clause, she would probably never become a part of that prestigious organization. Except for beauty, she had none of the required attributes for membership. She was shy, geekish, and very book-and-study oriented. She would much rather study than party and her social skills were almost non-existent. She was definitely not sorority material. If she were not Delia’s sister, the four she-Devils would have probably already destroyed her… just for the fun of it.

Delia pleaded with her mother not to have to take little Shirley along, but her mother stopped her with “Would you rather talk to your father?” Since father controlled the purse strings– actually the trust strings– that ended the argument.

So early on the last Thursday morning of October, the five of them ended up stuffed into Delia’s white Jeep Gladiator for the five-hour trip from Arizona State to Lake Havasu. You could make the trip in about three and a half hours if you drove straight through, but they stayed on the interstate all the way to Quartzsite just so they could stop at Beer Belly’s Bar. It was kind of a dive by Delia’s standards, but she– and her sorority sisters– liked to tease the locals and, of course, the old folks who started showing up in the area as winter started closing in for the northern states. Beer Belly’s Adult Day Care, as the sign said, was only open from October to the end of February like many of the businesses there and catered to the mainly retirees who wintered in Quartzsite.

After a very heated argument in the parking lot where Shirley insisted that she drive because of the amount of alcohol that Delia had consumed, they headed north on Arizona 95 to Lake Havasu. When little Shirley was in the back seat, it was tight. But with Delia in the passenger seat and Susana, Tawleena, and Frederika back there it was unbearable. And they let Shirley know that the entire way to the lake.

Once at the cabin, the three sorority friends claimed the three main guest bedrooms. Delia, of course, took the master bedroom. Shirley was relegated to the maid’s room just off the kitchen. It wasn’t much more than a cot in a closet because it was primarily so the maid didn’t have to drive home late at night after a party or something.

The next day Delia, Tawleena, Susana, and Frederika put on their tiniest bikinis to go down to the beach and flaunt their stuff. It was a bit cold, so they weren’t going into the water, but that wasn’t why they went to the beach. They went to the beach to pick up boys and tease and taunt the older men.

When Shirley came out in her neck to thigh, black, one-piece swimsuit, Tawleena exclaimed, “What the hell are you, girl, a nun?”

“Almost,” said Delia flatly, “she makes grandma look like a swinger.”

There was a bar near the beach that was having their “Closing for the winter” sale so the girls took advantage of the prices and the two for one sales. Shirley stuck to Pepsi and again insisted that she drive the short way home.

That didn’t go over very well with Delia or her friends. Perhaps they were even more drunk than before because Susana and Frederika proclaimed loudly, “We’re not going to get packed into the back with Tawleena again.” Then they added, “We aren’t even getting packed in there with you,” and physically picked up Shirley and threw her into the pickup bed of the Gladiator.

“I’ll fall out,” Shirley screamed.

“Then lie down and push your arms and legs out against the sides,” Frederika said harshly.

“But people will see me,” Shirley whined as she lay on her back with her knees and elbows bent and her hands and feet against the sides of the truck bed.

“You ain’t naked,” Tawleena said angrily as she got into the front seat.

“Let’s have some fun,” Delia said as she turned north rather than south back to the cabin. She stayed on AZ-95 all the way up to I-40 and then headed north toward Kingman. They had the back window open so they could hear Shirley screaming except for those times when the loud blast of a trucker’s horn indicated that someone was enjoying the show. A little south of Kingman, she turned onto Oatman highway, which was originally a mining road. It was now a more or less modern highway that wriggled its way through the mountains before coming back to I-40 right at the Arizona-California line.

By the time they got back to the cabin three hours later, the four sorority girls were basically sober, but Shirley was hysterical. “How could you do that to me?” she screamed at her sister. “I was terrified. … And all those truckers and everybody were looking at me!”

“She pissed herself,” Tawleena said derisively in response.

“No, I didn’t,” Shirley screamed back.

“Then what’s that wet spot on your suit and on the inside of your legs?” Frederika asked, pointing at Shirley’s crotch.

“That’s not piss,” Delia said as she reached over and ran her finger along the inside of Shirley’s thigh. She leaned in close to Shirley’s face and asked, “Is it?”

Shirley turned extremely red and stammered out, “It just… it just… it just happened.”

“My God!” Susana said loudly, “She got off on it!”

“Well, well, well,” Delia said with a laugh, “my uptight little sister gets off on fear and humiliation.”

“Maybe she’s a subbie,” Frederika said, arching her eyebrows.

“No, I’m not,” Shirley said, looking down at the ground.

“Let’s test that,” Tawleena said softly, using her finger to lift Shirley’s chin. Then her voice got very firm and harsh as she said, “Strip! … Now!”

It was very quiet in the parking area of the cabin. The four sorority girls stood looking at Shirley… and each other. Then Shirley murmured, “Yes, Mistress,” and began pulling her swimsuit down off her body. It took some tugging to get the straps off her shoulders, and even more tugging to pull the suit down to her waist.

Let me help you with that,” Frederika said as she grabbed both straps and yanked the suit the rest of the way down.

Shirley stood there trembling. Finally she said softly, “Please, don’t do this to me.”

“Do what?” Delia asked in a mocking tone.

“Make me your slave,” Shirley answered, starting to cry. “I really don’t want to do this. My body does, but I don’t. I really don’t. Just let me get a ride back to the university and I will leave you all alone. I won’t even try for membership in the sorority.”

“Why do you think we would make you our slave?” Susana asked, walking around behind Shirley and running a finger down her naked back.

“Because you’re evil,” Shirley said. “I know you cursed me… all of you. You held your witch’s sabbath here last year when you first heard that I was coming to the same school as you. You promised your souls to the devil if I were made weak enough to be controlled by you.”

“Girl, that was just drunken fun at a Halloween party,” Tawleena said with a short laugh. “Besides, how did you hear about it?”

“I hacked into the security cameras here at the cabin years ago,” Shirley said. “I’ve watched all your drunken Halloween parties… and the other ones.”

She looked at her sister and said, “And I’ve got the recorded videos. You’ve been doing devil worship on the beach every time you come here. Promising him all sorts of things if you get this or that. That’s how you became officers in the sorority. But you don’t know what you’re messing with.”

“No,” Delia said sharply, “you don’t know what you’re messing with.” She thumped on Shirley’s chest with her finger and said, “We *WILL* make you our slave… for the weekend and maybe beyond, and then you are going to turn all those videos over to me.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Shirley said meekly. It was obvious she was fighting saying those words, but it was just as obvious that whatever was compelling her to say them was much more powerful than she was.

“Inside,” Delia ordered. Then she turned to the others and said, “We have a Halloween Party to get ready for.”

Halloween wasn’t ‘till Saturday night, but Delia and her friends always partied hard on Friday night and then spent Saturday night in the clubs and bars at Lake Havasu.

Everyone knew that Delia’s Friday night cabin closing parties were real parties. Costumes were optional, but fun was mandatory. Delia, Tawleena, Susana, and Frederika were all dressed as slutty witches, meaning that they had on short black robes with black thongs underneath and no bras. Delia had found a slutty French maid outfit for Shirley. Shirley didn’t want to wear it, but when Delia said, “I am ordering you to wear this!” Shirley answered meekly, “Yes, Mistress.”

So that night as the cabin filled to overflowing with revelers, little Shirley, the French maid, moved among the guests with a tray offering them snacks or drinks. Many of the men… and some of the women… loudly smacked her ass as she slithered her way through the crowd. Each time that happened she could hear Delia or one of her friends laugh loudly.

The party lasted until dawn and a little beyond for a few of the guests. Shirley noted that several different times during the evening Delia slipped into her bedroom with one or another of the hunks at the party. In the morning, all four of the girls were still in bed with someone. Frederika apparently preferred girls. Tawleena liked them small and skinny. Susana preferred the jocks with broad shoulders and narrow waists.

When the last guest had finally departed the girls called Shirley into the living room. “We are going to get some sleep,” Delia said. “You are going to clean everything up, including the deck, yard, and beach.”

Susana laughed deeply and then said, “But to make sure that you don’t get your costume dirty, you are going to take it off and work in the nude.”

When Shirley whined, “Please, no,” Tawleena said, “You are lucky we didn’t tell people last night that you had to obey commands. You would have spent most of the evening naked on your knees sucking cocks and lapping pussy.”

“You are evil,” Shirley said, “all of you.”

“Yes, we are, aren’t we?” Delia said with a smirk. “But you still have to obey us.”

“And make sure everything is clean by five o’clock,” Susana said sharply. “We will all grab an early supper and then…”

Delia cut her off with, “That is supposed to be a surprise, Suzie,” and Susana finished with, “And then we have a surprise for you.”

Delia held out her hand and Shirley stepped out of the spike high heels, slowly stripped off the black ruffled panties, fishnet stockings, extreme uplift bra, and the rest of the French Maid’s costume.

Once she was standing naked, Delia said, “Make sure that you clean the bathrooms really well. Dad will check when they come down here next spring and that is what he judges the whole cabin by. There can be dust all over everything, but there better not be a single smudge on the bathroom mirrors.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Shirley replied.

The girls immediately went into the bedrooms and were soon fast asleep. Shirley decided that she would start outside. She knew from past visits to the cabin that the neighbors rarely stirred before noon, so she had several hours to work without being seen. She still jumped every time she heard a car pass nearby or the sounds of voices drifting in from somewhere on the lake. Despite the cool fall air, she was sweating heavily as she dragged the last of the trashbags up to the trash area under the deck. Then she went inside.

There were several more trash bags worth of plastic cups and paper plates from inside the cabin. Any real glasses and dishware she put in the dishwasher. Then she wiped down the kitchen and began vacuuming the living room. She smiled slightly as she thought about what the vacuum must sound like to someone hung over like the girls must be. She highly expected one of them to come out of the bedrooms and yell at her for making so much noise, but all she heard from the bedrooms was Susana snoring loudly.

The last thing she did was clean the bathrooms. The one in the hallway was relatively clean. So was the one in the small bedroom and the one between the two larger guest bedrooms. The one in the master bedroom, however, was an absolute mess. Someone had thrown up all over the floor, the counter, and the shower. It was almost as if they had intentionally sprayed puke over as much of the bathroom as they possibly could.

“Thanks, Delia,” Shirley muttered as she scraped and wiped the foul-smelling stuff off of floors and walls. “You went out of your way to prove how evil you truly are.”

“Yes, I did, didn’t I?” a voice said cheerily from behind her. She turned to see her older sister standing in the doorway. “I’m going to shower and get myself cleaned up for tonight,” Delia said brightly. “After you’ve finished, you can grab a little sleep and then make yourself presentable before we go out.”

“Where are we going?” Shirley asked and Delia answered with a laugh and “I don’t want to spoil the surprise.”

The girls let Shirley sleep until a little before five. Then all of them stood in the doorway to the maid’s sleeping room and began softly singing a strange lilting song in a strange language. After a few moments, Shirley woke up terrified.

“What are you doing?” she screamed when she saw the girls standing in her doorway.

“Just testing,” Frederika said.

“It really works,” Susana said brightly. “I wonder how far we can cast that spell? We can probably scare the shit out of you in your dreams every night.”

“You don’t know what you are messing with,” Shirley said angrily.

“Yes, we do,” Tawleena said with a laugh. “We are messing with you.”

“We are going to have another party tonight,” Delia said, “and you are going to be the guest of honor.”

Frederika added. “And we are going to do some recording of our own.”

“Where are we going?” Shirley asked timidly.

“You will love this place,” Susana said. “It’s a little underground club in my hometown of Indio over in California. Actually, it’s not in Indio, but it’s near there out in the desert. It’s a swingers ranch. My uncle Marvin has a membership. I talked to him and we are going to get in on his pass.”

She smiled and said, “They won’t always do that, but they’re not going to refuse five gorgeous coeds.” She paused and said, “Well, four gorgeous coeds and one freaky geek.”

“You are all evil,” Shirley said, again crying.

“Never denied that,” Tawleena said. “Nice girls don’t get to be officers of the sorority.”

“And devil bitches in training,” Frederika added. “So you’d better do what we tell you to do or we will start singing the hex songs again.”

“Get your costume back on,” Delia said harshly. “Then meet us out at the car.”

When Shirley got to the car, Susana said, “Uncle Marvin said that if we brought any guests they would have to arrive blindfolded so they couldn’t tell others where the ranch was.”

She turned Shirley around and started to put the blindfold around her face.

“Indio is over three hours away from here,” Shirley protested. “Can’t you just put it on as we get closer?”

“We’re going to take a shortcut,” Delia said firmly. Then she laughed and said, “It will only be two hours and fifty-eight minutes.”

Susana tied the blindfold tightly in place and then pushed Shirley into the back seat of the Jeep. Whatever the shortcut was, it twisted and turned and bounced for over an hour until they finally hit the interstate and things smoothed out. After that, they drove for about two hours on the interstate and then once again bounced and twisted their way through back roads.

When they got out of the car, Delia ordered harshly, “Hands behind your back,” and Shirley felt something cold click around her wrists. She could hear Susana and Delia talking as they walked in front of her. Someone– evidently Frederika– was holding her wrists and guiding her along the long sidewalk. Then she heard Susana’s voice say loudly, “Four guests of pass LB7498.” There was a pause and she added, “And our slave.”

“Will she be auctioned tonight?” a voice asked and Delia laughed. “No,” she said, “she is leaving with us, and we aren’t staying for the whole night.”

“But she will be our forfeit for the trivia game,” Susana said brightly.

An older female voice said, “Ah, yes, I see that your visit as guests has been approved by the owners.” Then one of the girls pushed her forward and they walked across a wooden floor of some sort. As they were walking, Shirley felt a tug at the back of her head and suddenly the blindfold was gone. They were in what appeared to be a huge ballroom of some sort. There were a lot of tables stretching back into the darkness. The bright lights of a stage area were the only lights in the room. They stopped when they were standing in an open area in front of the stage.

“This is our table,” Susana said excitedly, pointing to an empty table.

“Wow,” Tawleena said. “Front row seats.” Then she turned to Delia and said, “How’d you swing this, Big D?” Tawleena often called Delia “Big D,” especially when she was impressed by something she had done.

“It’s all Susana,” Delia said and Susana quickly said, “Actually, it’s all my Uncle Marvin. He’s the black sheep of the family. Mom won’t even talk about him. He is more than a member here. This is actually his ranch. Way back in the day, it was a speakeasy. Then it became a roadhouse. Then it became a strip club that failed. That’s when Uncle Marvin bought everything and it became a BDSM club.”

There were four chairs around the table. “Where do I sit?” Shirley asked meekly. She was hoping they weren’t going to make her stand all evening because the high stiletto heels were already becoming uncomfortable.

“Look around,” Delia said with a big smile.

At several of the nearby tables naked slaves knelt at their Masters’– or Mistresses’– feet.

“You want me to kneel on the floor?” Shirley asked, her eyes wide.

“Be thankful you aren’t naked like the rest of the slaves,” Frederika said derisively.

Shirley winced when Delia added, “… yet,” but she lowered herself to her knees alongside Delia.

Delia reached out and petted her hair. She stroked it much like you would a dog’s fur and said, “That’s a nice slave. You’re a good girl.”

“Who’s a good girl?” Susana said in a mocking tone and all four of them laughed loudly.

A very buff-looking young man wearing nothing but very tight, black spandex short shorts, and a black bowtie came up to the table and asked pleasantly, “And what can I get for you?”

Susana looked at him with a scowl and said derisively, “Forgetting your training are you? Uncle Marvin will not be pleased.”

The man immediately dropped to his knees and begged, “Please forgive me, Mistresses. I wasn’t sure how to address your table since one of you is obviously not a Mistress, but might not be a slave.”

Susana smiled at him and said in an overly-pleasant voice, “Rise. You are forgiven… this time.”

Once he was back on his feet, Delia said cheerily, “I will have a margarita, double.” Then she pointed to Shirley and said, “My slave will also have a margarita, quad, in a doggie bowl.”

The four girls laughed loudly at Shirley’s shocked expression.

Susana pointed to herself, Frederika, and Tawleena and said, “We will have doubles. … And all of this is on Uncle Marvin’s tab. I will pay him back later.”

The server looked at her for a moment and suddenly his face showed recognition. “Yes, Mistress Susana. You are a kind and benevolent Mistress to forgive me.” He then scurried into the darkness to get their order.

“Kind and benevolent?” Delia said laughing. “He doesn’t know you.”

“Yes, he does,” Susana said. “And he knows that one word from me and he would be working the special nights in an electric cock cage with a firestick anal probe.” She laughed, “Can you guess how the tables call their servers?”

All four girls laughed loudly. Then Delia looked down at Shirley and said, “Maybe we should loan her out for one of those special nights. I assume they have a similar arrangement for female servers.”

That brought another round of laughter. Shirley looked up at them and said, “How can you be so evil?”

“We work at it,” Delia replied flatly.

The server rushed back with a tray containing four double margaritas and a large glass doggie bowl. He set the margaritas carefully in front of each girl and then set the bowl on the floor just in front of Shirley’s knees.

Delia reached down and removed Shirley’s handcuffs. Then she said harshly, “Drink up, slave, You have to keep up with us.”

Shirley put her hands on the floor, bent low and began lapping and slurping at the giant doggie margarita.

A tall, very pale woman with long black hair walked out into the area in front of the stage. “Masters and Mistresses, Doms and Monsieurs, and those of you sneaking a look at the kinky side of life, welcome to open night at Desert Mystique.” She laughed slightly and continued, “Open night means you can attend on the invitation of a member. Most nights are closed to members only, and special nights require a special membership.” She looked around the room and said, “We have a tradition of competitions here at our club on open nights.” She smiled at the table next to the four girls. “We find that is a way to ease someone into the kinkier side of what we do here.”

“So,” she said loudly, “we are going to begin with a game of trivia.”

She waited for the buzz of conversation to die back down and said, “The servers will be distributing the playing tablets. The rules are rather simple. The first one to buzz in with the right answer wins a token worth 5% off your bill for the evening. If you buzz in and you are wrong, however, you pay a forfeit. And that forfeit is an article of clothing.”

She laughed and said, “But since Desert Mystique is the kind of club it is, each table can designate one person who will have to pay the forfeit.”

She put her hand behind her ear and said, “What’s that? You are wondering what happens when the designated forfeit runs out of clothes? Well then, she… or he… has to come up here on stage and receive a punishment forfeit. And then they stay up here on stage and take part in more of our little shows. Doesn’t that sound like fun?”

Delia, Tawleena, Susana, and Frederika screamed out, “Yes!”

Shirley merely mumbled, “No.”

“OK,” the pale MC said, “here is the first question. Who was the first President of the United States?”

Delia immediately buzzed in. A light shone brightly from the top of the tablet. The MC pointed to the table and said, “Your answer?”

“Jefferson Davis,” Delia said firmly and laughter filled the room.

“Someone owes us an article of clothing,” the MC said wiggling a finger at the table.

Shirley reached for the frilled headpiece, but Delia said curtly, “ Shirley, take off your dress and give it to the server.”

The server stood calmly waiting while Shirley rose up on her knees and then took off the short black dress. That left her with the frilly headpiece, the black velvet bow tie, the frilly panties, the hyper-pushup bra, and of course, the fishnet stockings and stiletto heels.

Another table buzzed in. A man’s voice called out, “Thomas Jefferson.”

Again the room filled with laughter. “I guess you’ll have to give them a shoe, Ruthie,” the man said. His wife, who was sitting next to him glared at him, but reached down and took off one of her shoes.

George Bush, Alexander Hamilton, Nikita Khrushchev, and Marilyn Monroe were all given as answers before someone finally said, “George Washington.”

The girls took turns answering the questions, but they were always wrong. There were not fourteen months in the year. Elvis Presley was not the fourth Beatle. Tom Dooley’s face is not on the five-dollar bill.

Soon Shirley was kneeling in just one fishnet stocking. She would have felt less naked if she had actually been naked, but Delia very carefully made her give up the bra… and then one stiletto… then the other… then the ruffled panties… then the bow tie… then the headpiece… and finally the left fishnet stocking.

Shirley was getting ready to remove the last stocking, but the next question Susana answered correctly. “The third rock from the sun is Earth,” she said sloppily. The margaritas were starting to get to her.

All four girls looked down at Shirley with her hands on the last stocking and smirked. “We can’t get them all wrong, can we?” Frederika said almost laughing.

The next question was the boiling point of water. “One hundred degrees… Farenheit,” Delia said smiling. Shirley sat back on the floor and pulled the final stocking off so Delia could hand it to the server.

“You know what happens next, don’t you?” Susana asked, almost giggling. “You get to go up on stage and get your ass whacked.”

Shirley had no doubt that they would get the next question wrong… and they did.

“Oh, poor dear,” the tall, pale MC said as she came over to lead Shirley up on stage. “You really don’t want to be the first one to have to pay with a body forfeit.”

Shirley wanted to ask, “Why’s that?” but decided it was best for her to just stay quiet.

A curtain opened revealing five sets of wrist restraints hanging down over the stage on thick ropes. Two burly stagehands positioned Shirley under the first set of restraints and then carefully wrapped them around her wrists binding her wrists tightly together.

There was a whirring noise above her and the rope raised until she was almost on tiptoe. The whirring noise stopped and the men bound her left ankle to one end of a spreader bar. Then they grabbed the right ankle and pulled it out to the other end of the spreader. She could keep one foot on the ground… more or less, but only by being on tiptoe. As the men stepped away, she bounced around in a tight circle, muttering under her breath.

“And what is your name, sweetie?” the dark-haired MC asked.

Shirley was about to say, “I’m being forced to do this,” when she heard singing from the girl’s table. She looked up and Delia, Tawleena, Susana, and Frederika were standing in front of the table. Their peaked witches’ hats were sitting in the center of the table. Their short robes were open exposing their naked breasts and their almost not there black thongs. The song sounded like what they had been singing when she woke up terrified back at the cabin.

“This humble slave is called little shirley temple,” she said almost mechanically. “If I have been bad my Mistress calls me slave shit.”

Shirley stood looking out at the audience in shock. They were controlling her!

“I guess I don’t have to ask if you came to the club willingly, do I?” the MC bubbled.

Shirley’s mind was trying to say, “Please, help me. They are forcing me.” but what came out of her mouth was “I willingly do anything my Mistress orders me to do.” She once more rotated completely around and added, “… or anyone else.”

“Oh,” the MC said, “a complete submissive.” She turned to the audience and said, “Let’s test that, shall we?” Turning back to Shirley she ordered firmly, “I want you to raise both feet as far off the ground as you can while I give you five with the cane. Do you understand that?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Shirley said as she bent her body at the waist so that her feet raised into the air. She wasn’t sure how she had the strength to hold that difficult position, but it presented her bent ass hanging down for the pale MC to strike five times with a thin wooden cane. Each stroke was aimed upward. The first hit her right ass cheek and upper leg. The last hit her left ass cheek and upper leg. The ones in between struck between her legs. Her screams filled the room.

“Back to our game,” the MC said loudly. Then much more softly, she said to Shirley, “You can put your legs down now.”

Either the chain had been lowered slightly or Shirley had stretched herself out slightly because when she lowered her feet, both touched the ground… barely.

Two questions later, Ruthie joined her on stage. When asked, she said her name was slave ruthie. The MC gave her five strokes with the cane, but they were all across her ass. Then with a slight laugh, the MC gave Shirley another five strokes.

The next forfeit to come up on stage was a middle-aged man who said his name was Norman. “I was just slumming with my wife,” he explained meekly. All three of them got five strokes.

Next was a vacant-faced blonde bimbo by the name of fucktoy. “Master said he would bring me here if I displeased him,” she said as they bound her hands above her head.

“Obviously, you did,” the MC replied and the audience laughed. They continued to laugh and comment as all four received five strokes with the cane.

It took another dozen questions before a fifth naked person was led to the stage. This time it was another man. He looked to be younger than Shirley and the MC asked, “How old are you?”

When he answered, “Twenty-one,” the MC slashed him across the legs with her cane and asked firmly, “Is that what it says on your driver’s license?”

“My driver’s license says nineteen, Mistress,” he answered quickly.

“For lying to me,” the Mistress MC said curtly, “you will all get double.” She then gave him and the other four hanging from the restraints ten strokes with her cane.

After the whippings were complete, the MC said to the audience, “The next five winners of our little game of trivia will get to fuck one of the forfeits. Or if you prefer, you can have them give you oral sex.”

The question was, “What is the atomic symbol for tin?” Delia buzzed in immediately and answered, “Sn. I knew that because it looks like sin and I like sinning.”

Somehow Shirley was able to shout out, “You are evil!” There was a shocked silence before Delia answered calmly, “Yes, I am, but you are fucked.”

She dropped her short robe on the table and walked forward naked. A naked young female slave ran forward and helped her put on a large black strap-on dildo. It hung in front of her and swayed back and forth as she walked up on stage.

“No… please, no…” Shirley groaned as Delia stood behind her.

“Let’s show these people how much you like being fucked in the ass, little shirley temple,” Delia sneered. Then she drove the dildo into Shirley’s ass.

Shirley screamed loudly, but then the other three girls still back at the table once again began their singing. Her body began rocking with the ass-fucking and she began groaning loudly. Soon she climaxed noisily. After she calmed down, Delia asked the MC, “Can I take her back to our table now? I think my friends and I would like to enjoy her tongue.”

“Her forfeit is now done, anyway” the MC replied with a smile. Then looking out at the audience, she said loudly, “And there are still four forfeits to fuck when we resume our game.” She laughed and then said, “Then we will start some of the really kinky stuff.”

Delia unstrapped the dildo, but left it in Shirley’s ass. Two of the stagehands released her wrists and ankles and Delia led her back to the table.

“If you give each of us an orgasm,” Susana said in a very slurred voice, “we will go.”

Shirley noted the table full of margarita glasses sitting before the four girls. Luckily, the doggie bowl was still empty.

“Start with me,” Delia said firmly as she spread her legs and pulled Shirley’s head between them. Shirley tried to pull away, but all four girls again began softly singing their strange song and she couldn’t help herself. Shirley could hear Delia laughing as she buried her face against Delia’s cunt. After what seemed like hours, Delia finally shuddered and groaned softly.

Almost immediately Shirley screamed loudly as the dildo was ripped from her ass. “Time to give them their toy back so they can get it sanitized for another night,” Susana said with a smile as she wrapped the dildo in a large cloth napkin. Then she looked down at Shirley and said, “Now you can concentrate on giving me a delicious orgasm.”

The singing began again and Shirley pushed her face between Susana’s legs. They were singing very softly, but the song seemed to get louder and louder in Shirley’s head as she moved from Susana to Frederika and finally to Tawleena. When Tawleena finally came, she shuddered and clamped her legs tightly around Shirley’s head.

“You good, girl,” Tawleena said. “I think we should keep you as a pet when we go back to school.”

Shirley looked up at her and then vibrated with effort as she said through clenched teeth, “You can all go straight to hell!”

Delia laughed and said, “We shall… someday… but we will put you through hell first.”

Susana laughed and said, “On that note, it is time to leave. We have a three-hour drive back to the cabin and little Shirley has to get some sleep so she can finish cleaning the bedrooms in the morning before we go back to school.” She paused and then said, “I do like the idea of keeping her as a pet, though.”

Susana put her peaked hat back on her head and said, “I already signed the bill. Uncle Marvin will take care of it.” She reached over and put Frederika’s peaked hat on her head and then said, “I think it’s time for us four witches to take our pet home.” She then started walking toward the door. Delia followed right behind her then Frederika and Tawleena with totally naked Shirley held tight between them.

When they got to the Jeep in the parking lot, Frederika said, “She stinks. I don’t want her riding next to me.”

“Well, you’re not sitting up front,” Tawleena said with a huff.

“Then I guess she rides in the back,” Delia said with a laugh.

“No, please,” Shirley whimpered. “I’m naked. And we will be on the interstate. I might fall out.”

“Maybe we should use the cargo net,” Susana said, “like we did to hold our luggage on the trip over to the cabin.”

“Or maybe,” Delia said, “we just use the anchors for the cargo net and some rope.”

All four laughed loudly.

“Get in and lie on your back,” Delia ordered harshly. When Shirley didn’t immediately obey, she added, “… or do we have to sing you into place?”

Shirley sighed and climbed into the pickup bed. The bed on the Gladiator was a little shorter than a normal pickup, but Shirley fit… with the tailgate down.

“I was hoping to be able to tie her in a classic X,” Delia said as she started pulling the ropes through the anchors, “but I guess this will have to do.”

When she was finished, Shirley was on her back with her legs spread wide and tied to the ends of the tailgate. Her arms were tied tightly to her sides by several loops of rope around her waist. Two ropes led from the waist cinch to the middle anchors. Another two ropes led up to the front anchors. Any additional rope went back and forth between the middle anchors and the opposite front anchor forming a heavy cross of rope holding Shirley tightly in place. She could thrash her body slightly, but she wasn’t going anywhere. Soon they were bouncing down the desert roads heading back toward town.

Shirley tried to remain quiet as they went through town. Luckily for her, there was very little traffic at that time of the night and evidently those who did see her thought she was a mannequin for some sort of Halloween display. When they got out onto the interstate, however, Delia would pull up alongside a truck and blow her horn. Then she would pull forward slowly until Shirley was brightly illuminated by the truck’s headlight. A couple of quick blasts of the truck’s horn indicated the trucker appreciated the show. From the screams and sobs coming from the back, Shirley did not.

Shirley was afraid when one trucker followed them up the exit at Desert Center, but when Delia turned north on 177, the trucker blew one long blast on his horn and went across the highway and back down onto I-10.

After they passed through the small town, things became a nightmare… a real nightmare. Shirley was screaming constantly as nightmare things happened all around her. In her nightmare, they were still out in the desert but there were hundreds of large cows– cattle actually– running alongside the Jeep. The cattle looked strange, and it wasn’t just that they were old-fashioned long horns. Their eyes looked almost like they were on fire. And they were keeping up with Delia’s crazy high-speed driving.

Then a horse galloped up alongside. The horse’s eyes weren’t the only thing that were on fire. It was as if it was totally made of fire. A man in a Devil costume was riding it. He reached over into the truck bed and smiled at Shirley. “I am not here for you, innocent one,” he said softly and touched her in the center of the forehead. Then he touched the Jeep.

“Damn,” Delia said as the engine coughed and the white Gladiator slowly rolled to a stop.

“What is that?” Tawleena yelled, pointing out the window at the huge herd of cattle that now surrounded the Jeep.

“It’s just some cattle,” Delia said. “This is open range.”

“But you can almost see through them,” Susana said. “And their eyes are on fire.”

“That’s my herd,” a gentle voice said from just outside Delia’s window. “Cowpokes that end up coming to me spend eternity trying to round them up.”

“What?” Frederika almost screamed as she saw the man in the Devil costume.

“But I have kept up with the times,” the Devil said. “Now my fellow demons and I also have fun chasing naughty girls like you across the sky.”

Four fiery horses galloped up to the side of the Jeep. “These are your mounts,” he said with a wide grin. “As you can see, I have taken special care that you don’t fall off. There are three saddle horns. One in the regular place to which I will tie your hands. And then two in the center of the saddle.” He laughed loudly and said, “I think you know where those horns go.” Then he pointed lower on the horse and said, “And of course, your feet will be bound in the stirrups.”

“This can’t be,” Delia said angrily.

“Oh, yes, it can,” the Devil said with another laugh. “Normally it would take years for stupid bitches like you to firmly bind yourselves to me and end up here. But you have insisted on using powerful magic every Halloween. And this year you doubled the magic by using it for pure evil and doubled it again by using it against an innocent one and then doubled it once more by using it against one of your own blood.”

Suddenly there were dozens of men in the same Devil costumes pulling the four girls from the Jeep. The witches’ costumes were quickly stripped off of them and thrown back into the Jeep. Then four demons grabbed each of the girls and lifted them up onto one of the fiery mounts. When they were tightly secured, the demons disappeared and the huge Devil called out, “Ride! Ride like you are running from the worst punishments the Devil can give you… because you are!”

He then laughed very loudly and slapped Delia’s horse on its flaming haunch. It and the other three horses galloped off into the night followed by the Devil and his band of demons whooping and yelling.

---

The San Bernardino County Sheriff received several reports of a white Jeep Gladiator with a screaming girl tied in the back racing through Desert Center. They notified Arizona authorities in case the Jeep made it to the state line and sent deputies Ruiz and Sanchez to try to intercept. Just short of the Rice Desert Signpost, Deputy Ruiz saw the mangled remains of the Jeep a couple hundred yards off the road. It had evidently gone through one of the dips at a very high rate of speed, went airborne, and rolled several times.

He keyed his radio and said, “We’ve got an off the road with probable fatalities one-quarter mile west of Iron Mountain Road.”

“I’m only a few minutes out,” Deputy Sanchez replied. Her voice sounded tight. She had seen a lot of vehicle deaths in her years with the Sheriff’s department, but off the roads in the desert were always bad.

When she pulled up Deputy Ruiz walked up to her cruiser. “What’s what, Rudy?” she asked.

“Nobody in the vehicle,” he said. “We will need lights for a body search. God knows how far they might have been thrown.”

That’s when they both froze as a scream rent the night.

“Someone’s alive,” she said as they both ran toward the wreckage.

“There was no one in the vehicle,” Deputy Ruiz said adamantly. “I checked it.”

“Did you check the back?” She asked. “Reports said a naked girl was tied in the bed.”

The crumpled remains of the Jeep was sitting upside down in the sand and gravel. Shirley’s feet and legs were visible when they looked into the upside down truck bed through the open tailgate. Sofia Sanchez crawled into the tight space and loudly said, “Dios Mio!” followed quickly by “I will cut her hands free. You get her legs loose.”

A few minutes later Shirley was lying on the side of the road wrapped in a blanket, awaiting an ambulance.

“This doesn’t make any sense,” Rudy said as they waited for the ambulance to arrive. “There are no other bodies… anywhere. And no blood in the Jeep. Just four horny witches’ costumes tangled in the seatbelts like they evaporated out of them.” He nodded toward Shirley and said, “And this one keeps talking about ghost cows and the Devil riding a flaming horse.”

“I think some of this should stay out of the reports,” Sofia said softly. “And I especially don’t think either of us wants to mention that.” She pointed down at the highway where a very clear set of horse’s hoof prints were burned deeply into the asphalt leading up to the scene of the crash.
