---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Birthday Treat
authors:
- nwsubguy
tags:
- MM
- M-m
- discovery
- laptop
- porn
- hum
- D-s
- enslave
- treat
- club
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- auction
- sold
- mistake
- oral
- mast
- denial
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2017-02-18 00:00:00
---

"Do you mind if I check my emails on your laptop, mines still running funny" Ste shouted down the hallway.

"Yeah, no problem". Dan had gotten used to Ste borrowing his stuff since he'd moved in. He knew he should probably start setting some boundaries but Ste was the hottest guy he'd ever seen so having him as a roommate was too good for Dan to put at risk through a needless argument.

Ideally if he could've afforded it Dan would've preferred to live alone so he could indulge some of his kinkier desires. Ste knew Dan was gay and he hadn't said anything negative when Ste had guys stop the night but Dan didn't want Ste knowing most of fantasies were about being made to submit to a Master. Pain, humiliation, domestic service and chastity were just some of the things he'd jerked off thinking about. Unfortunately the furthest he'd got with most of it was looking at it online. On his laptop. Oh shit.

"Dan, what the fuck?" Dan panicked. He turned round to see Ste walk into the room carrying the laptop grinning. He turned it around so Dan could see a guy tied up and blindfolded on the screen being whipped by another naked guy.

"I was just curious" Dan shouted a bit too loudly.

"Hmmm very curious judging by your history" Ste said with a smirk on his face. "Just a guess but I imagine you're, erm, curious about being the guy who's tied?"

Dan meekly nodded. In his embarrassment and panic he could feel a tear going down his face.

"Don't worry about it, I won't tell anyone. God knows if you saw my internet history you'd see a lot of stuff I wouldn't want you finding" Ste started to turn around and head back to the hall carrying the laptop but then stopped and turned round. "One question though. I saw something about domestic service, does doing the dishes give you a hardon?"

Dan shook his head slightly. "No, I don't enjoy doing chores, it's more about being made to serve someone."

"So if I was to say that you're doing all the cleaning, cooking, washing and stuff or I'll tell people about your internet activities that'd do it for you?"

Dan could feel his face going redder and redder. He didn't know what to say. "Well, er, sort of"

"Then you've got a deal." Ste said with a laugh. "Might even let you suck me off if you do a good enough job."

Dan couldn't hide his smile at this. He'd fantasised about doing that for a long time.

"I'm going to keep hold of your laptop for a while though, got to make you learn to control yourself and I need it for collateral so you know I'm not kidding about you doing all the housework. If you need it for anything ask me but under no circumstances are you to delete the history, understood?"

Dan nodded. He wouldn't need online porn if he was living it anyway.

For the next few days Dan spent a pretty big chunk of his spare time cleaning the apartment and cooking for Ste and himself. He wanted everything to be perfect so he raised his standards a lot. On the fifth night once he'd completed everything and had the place cleaner than it had ever been Ste called him into his room saying it was time for his reward. Dan pretty much ran in and saw Ste leaning back on his chair, pants round his ankles with a huge erection.

"I'm going to have to watch my porn while you do this, guys don't get me hard sorry. Is that ok with you?"

Dan nodded "Yes Sir, doesn't bother me at all"

"Sir?" Ste laughed "thats funny man, if you want you can call me that in the apartment. Just don't do it in front of anyone else ok?"

Dan smiled "Yes Sir, no problem"

Ste pressed play on the video he had ready and nodded at Dan. He didn't need telling twice and immediately dropped to his knees and took Ste's cock in his mouth. Dan had a fair bit of experience and he tried his hardest to please his roommate so it wasn't too long until he heard Ste gasp and felt him shoot. Once he'd swallowed he looked up Ste who was still breathing heavily but was looking at Dan with a huge smile.

"I can definitely see this arrangement working out" he looked down and saw a huge bulge in Dan's pants. "Am guessing you want to go take care of that? Do it in your room though".

Dan smiled and nodded. "Thank you Sir" he said with a wink before heading back to his room for the best orgasm he'd ever had.

The next few months carried on like this. He'd had to wait a week for another opportunity to suck Ste off but eventually it became a near daily event. Ste had also quickly gotten used to having Dan tidy up after him and cook all his meals. He'd even found himself shouting at Dan a few times for not doing a good enough job. He'd felt guilty about this at first before spotting that Dan's bulge gave away that he liked it. After that he looked up ways of 'disciplining' someone online in a way he thought Dan would enjoy but he couldn't bring himself to act on it, spanking a guy would be too far for him and preventing Dan from giving him blowjobs would be a punishment for him too. He started talking with a couple of guys on the sites Dan had in his history to try and find out some ideas to make it more exciting for Dan without having to do anything he felt uncomfortable with. There didn't seem to be many options until one guy made a suggestion that Ste found very interesting.

A couple of days later Ste had what he needed and made a few arrangements so he could finally let Dan know. "Hey Dan, get in here".

Dan came in to see Ste holding what looked like a leash and dog collar.

"I've been thinking. You do a lot round here and you give pretty good head so thought since it's your birthday coming up I'd give you the best gift I can think of. I've spoken to a couple of guys on the websites you use and they said there's a fetish club that you'd get a kick out of going to. If you fancy it I could take you."

Dan was very surprised by this. He knew Ste was starting to get used to having a submissive guy helping him out but he never would've guessed he'd do something like this. "Yeah sounds great Sir. What's the leash for?"

"Well they said cos I'm the Dom I can wear what I like but you need something on that shows your submissive or a slave. Unless you've got something hidden away that you want to go in they said that putting this on you would do. Your clothes are going to limited to just your underwear too. They reckon it should be fairly skimpy so a pair of tight briefs should do. I'll have to keep hold of the leash all night too."

Dan had already started getting hard at this. Knowing he'd spend the night surrounded by kinky guys being pulled around by the hottest man he knew was a dream come true. "This sounds amazing Sir, you sure you're comfortable with this?"

"Yeah, it's your birthday and like I say you deserve something good. There's a special show after closing too that I got us into. I'm not telling what that is though, is gonna be a surprise."

It was only a few days to wait but time really dragged for Dan. Ste carried on expecting Dan to do all the household tasks but wouldn't let Dan give him a blowjob and he ordered him not to wank off. There was no way of Ste knowing if Dan stuck to this but as he so grateful for what Ste was giving him he complied anyway.

Finally the day arrived. Dan couldn't concentrate at all in work and he had to worry about hiding his constant erection. By the time 5pm arrived his boxers were soaked in precum but at least he'd got through it. He rushed home and started cooking Ste's favourite meal for him while also getting the whole apartment as clean as he could. It was ready just as Ste got in.

Ste saw the effort Dan had gone to but before he could say anything Dan rushed over, took his coat and bag off him and bowed his head "Thank you in advance for tonight Sir, I'm so excited by going with you I can't thank you enough".

Ste felt a bit uncomfortable with this but smiled back. "No problem. I was going to order a takeaway or something as its your birthday but from that greeting I'm guessing your happier doing all this."

"Yes Sir, definitely."

They both ate and then went off to get ready. Dan emerged from his room wearing a new pair of briefs he'd bought that were a size too small and which left nothing to the imagination. When Ste got out the shower he was taken a bit by surprise by this and let out a little laugh.

"I know you're excited but I'm guessing you don't want the neighbours seeing you like that, not to mention all the people on the way."

Dan suddenly felt pretty stupid "yeah I guess you're right, sorry."

"Don't worry. There are changing rooms there but if you want to its supposed to be fairly normal for people to get changed, or in your case undressed, in the carpark outside so they get to queue up outside like that. If you're up for it I don't mind queueing holding your leash."

Dan quickly perked up at this.

"Couldn't help but spot then though that you failed to call me Sir. If we're going to do this you're going to have to behave, there's a lot of serious people going to this club and I don't want them to have any doubt I own you" Ste winked at Dan and gave a playful smile.

"Yes Sir, sorry Sir. I would definitely like to get ready in the carpark and be led in by you. I won't let you down Sir" Dan was grinning and was rock hard. A side effect of this was to create a pretty big opening on the front of his briefs, showing off his bush and a chunk of his cock which Ste couldn't help but notice.

"Hmmm, if you're going to wear them you might want to tidy those pubes up. From what I've been told it's normal for submissives to be shaved round there."

Dan looked down and realised how exposed he was. He nodded before heading into the bathroom too take care of it.

The drive to the club didn't take too long and they pulled into the carpark across the road from the club. When it came time for Dan to undress he found it a lot scarier than he expected it to. He could see plenty of other people around and although they were nearly all heading to the club he found it hard to let his inhibitions go. Ste came round the car to see what the delay was which gave Dan just enough confidence to take his jeans off. Ste attached the collar and snapped the leash on and started walking towards the line leading to the front door. Most of the people around just ignored the two of them which helped Dan relax a lot but when they got to the road a taxi slowed down and the driver looked at the pair of them and burst out laughing. This made them both feel a bit uncomfortable but he drove off straight away at which point they quickly walked to the end of the line.

There were a few other submissives in the queue wearing very little. One guy was just wearing a jockstrap. There were also plenty of guys who were clearly dominants and a few just wearing casual clothes. They waited outside for around 10 minutes by which time any discomfort Dan had been feeling had gone and instead he was struggling to contain his excitement. Ste wasn't as relaxed and he was pretty relieved when they got in. The bouncer on the door handed Ste a sheet with a timeline for what would be happening at the club. Dan tried to get a look at it but Ste kept it out of his view and took him in. He headed straight to the bar and ordered an alcoholic drink for himself and a water for Dan. Dan was going to object to this but kept quiet as there were a lot of people around him and he didn't want to embarrass Ste. They then walked to table near the stage that had a reserved sign with their names on and Ste sat down and gestured to Dan to sit too.

"Sorry Dan, I thought I'd told you but you're not allowed to drink. Is one of the rules if you're going to go to the event after closing. I know its a pain but it'll be worth it."

"That's fine Sir, can I see what will be happening during the evening?"

"Sure, I would've let you see it when I got it but I needed a drink" Ste smiled and pulled the sheet out of his pocket and passed it to Dan.

There were going to be a lot of demonstrations and they had brilliant seats for them. There was also a message on the sheet asking for submissive volunteers to help out but Ste told him another condition of the aftershow was that he didn't take part in any of these. Dan was disappointed but Ste reassured him that he would get his chance to get involved later on. Ste suddenly realised that he still had hold of the leash and so he attached it to a hook in the centre of the table and leaned back in his chair.

The club filled up quickly and the tables around him were soon taken up. When Ste had finished his drink he waved his hand at a waiter who was stood to the side of the tables. Dan had been too distracted by the sights of the slaves and Masters near him to pay much attention to the waiters but as he got closer he realised he was completely naked. Ste turned to Dan to ask if he wanted another drink and couldn't help but laugh at the way Dan was staring at the waiters cock.

"Wow looks like your having fun already" Ste glanced at the waiters cock and although he hadn't seen many he knew it was pretty huge and was fully erect.

"You're a slave of the club right?" Ste asked him

"Yes Sir"

"So you have to follow orders of the guests?"

"Yes Sir, that's right"

"Dan, you can't take part in the demonstrations but if you want to give this guy a blowjob go right ahead. Can't get one in return though I'm afraid, no cumming allowed for you yet"

Dan was grinning and nodding his head.

Ste laughed and unhooked the leash and handed it to the waiter who was also clearly very happy with this arrangement. "There's a sideroom for this isn't there?" The waiter nodded. "Take him there for this then come back with a coke for me and another water for him"

The waiter returned about 10 minutes later with a tray with the drinks in one hand and the leash in the other. His erection had gone but he looked very pleased with himself.

"Do your want me to reattach the leash Sir?"

"Sure, how was he?"

"Great Sir, thank you for letting me use him"

Dan kept his head bowed but Ste could see the smile on his face. He also still had a huge hard on and even in the dark there was a clear wet patch where pre cum had been leaking out.

"Sit down, the first demonstration is about to start"

Dan sat back down while the leash was reattached. The waiter left just as the lights came on and a presenter dressed all in leather came onto the stage. The first show was to be about corporal punishment. A couple of subs came on stage and a very strong looking guy with canes, whips and paddles. The submissives looked at the tools with apprehension but took their positions. The show lasted about half an hour and by the end the submissives were crying and begging for it to end. Ste had found it odd that anyone would volunteer for this but when he looked over at Dan he could tell how turned on he was by all this, he was practically drooling.

There were 4 or 5 shows, some were over quite quickly whereas others were much longer. Ste found it more and more confusing that people enjoy this kind of treatment. One submissive had been 'edged' for about 20 minutes only to have his erection reduced with ice before having a chastity belt fitted and then riveted on to make it permanent. This had clearly been a surprise to him as he was begging for it to stop and shouting about how he hadn't known this would happen when he volunteered but the guy doing it just ignored him and carried on. Ste had noticed that Dan had been loving every second though. His bulge had stayed constantly huge throughout and he could tell from his breathing that he'd had to work pretty hard not to cum in his pants a few times.

The final demonstration finished and some of the club attendees had left. Ste and Dan had chatted with a few of the other Masters and submissives and Ste allowed Dan to suck off a couple more guys.

The lights in the club came on. "It's time to get ready for the aftershow." A pretty tough looking guy came over and handed Ste a gag with a padlock.

"Put this tightly on him, lock it then take him through there." The guy didn't even acknowledge Dan when he said this.

Ste looked at the gag and smiled at Dan. "This looks pretty uncomfortable but trust me, it'll be worth it"

Dan nodded excitedly then opened his mouth as wide as he could. Ste quickly attached it and pulled it tightly before attaching the padlock behind Dan's head. He came back round, smiled warmly at Dan and told him to come with him.

Dan could only nod his understanding and go with Ste. When they went through the door the sight that greeted Dan was a shock to him. There were 5 totally naked guys in very tight ankle cuffs and their arms locked in front of them. There were also two bouncers who came over to greet Ste.

"Hi pal, put these on him and make sure they're secure, don't want any runners" said the bigger of the two bouncers while passing him some heavy looking shackles. Dan was wondering what he meant by 'runners' but Ste had quickly attached them. While this was happening three more slaves had been brought in and were being prepared behind him.

Dan grunted to get Ste's attention, trying to get him explain what was going on.

"It's a slave auction" Ste said with a smile.

Dan was confused by what was happening and starting to get more than a little scared.

"I've been thinking. It's been great having you serve me but while you've been doing all this stuff for me you haven't had the chance to meet anyone who you can do the more extreme things you like. Seeing the look on your face tonight when you were watching all this fetish stuff proved you need it and it's not something I can offer"

Dan couldn't believe what he was hearing. He was going to be sold like property to someone he didn't know and Ste actually thought he was helping Dan by doing it.

"You look a bit alarmed but don't worry. You're going to get to live the life you've fantasised about which is something most people don't get to do. I was going to try and find you a Master on your sites, maybe basing it on who you'd looked at before but then I saw you'd searched for slave auctions in the past so I asked around and got lucky. It suits me too to be honest as I'm going to be the only one paying the rent from now on so I can use the money you'll make me". Dan had started to cry at this and was grunting trying to make Ste stop and take him back. All Ste did though was wink then take out a pair of scissors which he used to cut Dan's underwear off.

"See, you can't deny you're enjoying this, you're as hard as a rock. I've got to go now, I'll be sat out front. Good luck."

With that Ste went through the door, throwing the cut up briefs in a bin on his way past. Dan was looking around for someone to help but all he saw were other chained up slaves, many of whom were panicking too after hearing what Ste had said, and the two bouncers who were grinning back at him and rubbing their hard dicks in their jeans. Dan heard one of them saying how much they loved this part so it was safe to say he wouldn't get help off them.

Ste went and took his seat at a table slightly to the side of the room. The ones in the middle were reserved for buyers. From what Dan could tell there were around 15 or 16 ranging from guys in their 30's to much older people. A few had slaves kneeling down next to them but most had come alone. Most of the bidders had been at the club earlier but others had only just arrived.

All of the slaves up for auction were brought out in a line. From what Ste could see most were older than Dan. A few were out of shape but a lot of them had pretty big muscles so Dan ended up looking a bit weedy next to them. They were made to turn around in circles so everyone could get a good look at them. Dan moved very slowly and each time he was facing the audience he was desperately moving his eyes around trying to spot Ste. He was hoping he could somehow make him realise this wasn't what he wanted so he would bid on him to buy him back. Ste had seen Dan doing this and was starting to have doubts over whether he'd done the right thing but he managed to convince himself that Dan was just looking to see who would buy him. A waiter came over and distracted him from his thoughts asking what drink he wanted. He ordered himself a coke and by the time it had come the slaves had been taken back behind the curtain except for one who Ste quickly realised was the first to be sold. The announcer came on and said it was time to start.

The first few sold quite quickly and for a lot less than Ste had expected when they came out. He was shocked that people could be bought so cheaply. He could tell that most of them didn't have much of a say in what was happening to them as they looked terrified and one needed to be near enough dragged out onto the stage. After a few more were sold for higher amounts, no doubt due to their bigger muscles and younger appearance, it was time for Dan to come out. He walked slowly and stumbled once or twice. Ste initially grinned with excitement when he saw his former roommate but his doubts over what he had done returned much stronger than before when he saw how shellshocked Dan looked. He was distracted from his thoughts by the shout of the auctioneer and the start of the bidding. The first guy to bid looked like he was a guy in his thirties, short hair, big muscles. The kind of guy that Ste was sure Dan would be into which cheered him a bit. Over the course of the bidding a few others had expressed interest but it ended up being between the first bidder and another guy. He was a bit further away but it was safe to say Ste was rooting for the first guy based purely on how they both looked. Dan couldn't see either of the bidders with having the spotlight shining on his face but even if he could he was too scared to take much of what was happening in. Eventually the first bidder won, much to Ste's joy, and Dan had fetched the biggest price so far. He was pulled over to the other side of the stage and taken behind a curtain.

The remaining slaves sold for fairly high prices and once the last deal had been finalised (for a slave who actually pissed himself when the bidding started) the lights went up and the announcer called the buyers and sellers together to hand over the money. The club took quite a big cut out of the money Ste made but it was still a decent amount and would cover the rent for long enough to find another roommate with plenty left over. He saw the slaves being led into the room and lined up against the back wall. Dan was crying and shaking his head while looking at the floor. Ste quickly went over and put his hand on Dan's shoulder to try and reassure him.

"Hopefully it'll be the life you fantasised about and I'm sure you'll grow to love it"

Dan was still gagged but he looked at Ste with as much anger as he could communicate and shook his head.

"I did this for you. Look, I'll call the guy who bought you over and see what you've got in store"

Dan looked up at this so he could get a first look at his new owner and when he saw him he couldn't deny that he was great looking. He allowed himself a bit of hope over what his future would be like.

Ste waved at the Master till he finally caught on and he walked over, grinning.

"Hi, I saw that you bought this slave, I was the guy selling him. I know this probably isn't what normally happens but could I ask what you're going to use him for?"

Dan had stopped crying and was listening as hard as he could to hear what was being said.

"Haha, sure. Can tell this is your first time here. I run a farm out in the country. I've got 3 slaves already who do all the manual labour which saves me a fortune. I did have 4 but one was a lazy bastard so I turned him into a pain and piss slave, he was just someone to let some steam off on but I went a bit far a couple of weeks back so now I need a replacement."

Ste shuddered at this. He could tell from the sounds he was making that Dan had started crying again but he couldn't bring himself to look at him. He was hoping the guy was exaggerating but something told him he was completely serious. "Is that what you'll do to him?"

The Master laughed. "Not sure if he'll get that role yet. Am going to give him a week to prove himself working on the farm and then decide which slave out of the 4 of them will take over. To be honest though the other 3 saw what will happen if they slack off and they already know their jobs so I'd be surprised if they slip up."

Ste looked over at Dan who was staring back at him with pleading eyes. He was shaking pretty hard too.

"I've got to go and get my van set up to take him to his new home, I'll let you two say your goodbyes." The Master let out a little laugh then headed off.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't know people went that far. I Thought you'd just be tied up working in someone's house or something like you were with me". Ste could feel a tear going down his face. He was genuinely upset but he also couldn't see a way out for Dan. "If I could go back and undo this I would but it's too late. Just make sure you make a good impression in the first week"

Dan was screaming into his gag as he saw Ste turn and walk away and out of the door without looking back.

Epilogue

Ste had been back to the club a few times since the night of the sale. He'd been hoping to bump into the Master who bought Dan so he could find out what had happened to him. Finally after 5 months of trying he finally saw him and rushed over to speak to him.

"Hi, don't know if you remember me but you bought my slave a few months back, he's called Dan?"

"Yeah I remember speaking with you. Having sleepless nights worrying about what you did to your friend?" The Master laughed pretty hard after saying this.

Ste managed a half smile to try and hide the fact that this was true. "I was just wondering how he's doing"

"I could tell on the night that you hadn't realised what you'd got him into, haha, I'm happy to give you an update though. He failed the test in the first week, I think my other slaves worked together to protect each other so he didn't stand much of a chance. He took pretty well to being a pain slave, he can take a lot, has a really high pain threshold. I don't think he enjoyed being a piss slave as much though. I was going to train him gently into it but decided there was no point waiting around. He's getting there now though, can swallow it all down."

Ste was devastated at hearing this.

"He's going to get a lot more practice though. The fact he didn't mind pain too much was taking the fun out of it so he's going to stay locked down as a urinal from now on. Am here tonight to get a new pain slave to take his place."

Ste could feel himself shaking, he had to do something. "Let me buy him back, how much do you want?"

"Haha, no chance. My advice is to forget about him. You made a nice bit of money, leave it at that. Unless of course you want to find yourself up on that stage and somehow I don't think you do."

Ste knew it was over and there was nothing he could do. Feeling helpless he turned and walked out the door. He'd just have to try and forget about Dan and the horror he was going through. At least he still had plenty of money left over to take his mind off it.
