---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Among The Missing Chapter 2
authors:
- Rubberwolf
tags:
- Sbf
- M/f
- latex
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-20 00:00:00
---

**Among
The Missing**- Part 2
by Rubberwolf

Among The Missing Chapter 2 by Rubberwolf

Ann stared at the address that Mrs Birgett had given her as the car
engine idled in the McDonalds parking lot.  The empty wrappers proclaimed
her lunch had consisted of a Big Mac and large fries.  She slurped
the last of the medium coke as she studied the town map, which she had
spread out on the passenger seat.  Having decided upon the best route
to Nicky Burgetts apartment, she finished her drink, folded the map, so
that the street she was heading for was still visible from her position,
before selecting first gear and turning on to Fremont.

After three miles, she eventually came to the turning that would lead
her to Nicky’s apartment.  Nicky lived in a desirable section of town. 
Only two miles from the centre of town, Nicky’s apartment was among a complex
of buildings, designed in the mid eighties to meet the projected upswing
in the economy expected by the markets.  As the town began to attract
commercial interest, it was decided that apartments represented a sounder
investment in attempting to part the influx of young, single professionals,
from their expendable income.

As the economy boomed in the eighties, so did the demand for property
and the developers made a nice profit, as the apartments sold quickly,
at inflated prices.  However, the market collapse towards the end
of the decade had a dramatic effect on property ownership so that most
of the flats were now owned by land lords, rather than the envisioned wealthy
young professionals.

As a result, most of the tenants were now low to middle income. 
Although the properties were still desirable, the red brick structures
now took on the air of a council estate, rather than professional apartments. 
This was emphasized by the layout of the award winning buildings, which
were arranged in a rectangular formation around a central lawn.  The
designers envisioned that this courtyard would reduce crime, since all
of the houses looked in on each other.  The end result was that the
buildings gave off the air of a Victorian prison complex, complete with
exercise yard.

The flats were built on three levels.  The first and second floors
having balconies, while the ground floor had access to a small garden,
which competed for space among the garbage lockers and a communal washing
line.

Ann parked her car in the space for Nicky’s apartment and walked in
to the courtyard, fighting her way over dissuaded children’s bicycles and
toys, before finding the sign which pointed to Nicky’s flat.  After
some searching she found herself walking up a flight of stairs to the top
floor.  At the top of the stairs, Ann stepped on to a shared landing
that gave access to two flats.  Nicky’s door was surrounded by the
sort of welcoming decorations that showed a busy woman lived here. 
Two pot plants on either side of the door were in dire need of sunlight,
although they had been watered recently.  The plants displayed their
obvious distress by shedding dry, brown leaves all over the dusty brown
welcome mat.  Confirmation that Ann had found the right place was
provided by the door bell, which had a helpful, if faded, label with Nicky’s
name on it.  Ann therefore dug in to her handbag and retrieved the
apartment key that she had been given and opened the door.

Unlike the first impression from outside, the inside was spacious, light
and well appointed.  The cream walls and pale carpet appeared would,
Ann mused, have been the landlords choice, while the black leather three
piece suite proclaimed that this was definitely the property of a young,
single person.  The glass coffee table and wide screen television
all pointed to the fact that the furniture had been purchased within the
last two years and that, judging by the lack of junk and ornamentation,
which usually grows over a lifetimes worth of collecting, the occupant
had not lived away from the family home for a great period of time. 
However, the stark functionality had been broken up by various pot plants
scattered around the flat which, unlike their unfortunate contemporaries
on the door step, were obviously receiving more attention from their owner. 
On closer examination, Ann discovered that these too had been watered recently.

The kitchen was well laid out and well supplied.  The refrigerator
did not contain milk, or dairy products.  Either Nicky Bergitt had
an allergy problem, was on a diet of some kind, or she had anticipated
being away for some time and removed the items that would sour quickly
from her fridge.  However, these were not the most interesting things
to be found in the refrigerator.  Upon opening the freezer section,
Ann’s eyes were automatically drawn to the ice tray.  String protruded
from the ice cubes.  Each piece of string had a small label tied to
one end.  Inside each ice cube, Ann could see that there was something
solid imbedded within the ice.  Closer examination showed that there
were keys within the ice.  The string was tied to the ends of the
keys.  Puzzled, Ann read some of the labels.  One had the word
“H Cuffs”, another “Chast Belt”, yet another “Spreader”.  Replacing
the ice tray, Ann went to explore the rest of the apartment.

The main bedroom was as one would expect.  No bedside photographs
indicated that Nicky did not have anyone special in her life.  The
wardrobe contained the usual business clothes and shoes.  Jogging
pants sweat shirts and used trainers proclaimed that Nicky liked to keep
in trim.  However, gaps in the wardrobe, clearly apparent to a female
eye, indicated that the girl had taken clothes with her.  Returning
to the living room, she walked across to the second bedroom.  This
was intriguing, since it was the only internal door with a lock on it. 
Apart from the computer station that dominated one corner of the living
room, Ann felt that whoever Nicky Birgett really was would be answered
behind this door.  She collected the keys from where she had left
them and the coffee table.  Although she tried them all, none would
fit the lock.  Bending down she examined the lock.  A simple,
one chamber affair.  Not really a problem.  Ann retrieved her
hand bag, from where she had left it when she came in, rummaged through
its cavernous interior and returned to the locked door, lock picks in hand. 
After a few seconds, the lock made a satisfying click and Ann opened the
door.

Ann was not sure what she was expecting to find, but this was definitely
not it.  The interior looked as though it had been designed by the
Spanish inquisition.  Nicky liked to keep in shape and, Ann mused,
had opted for the DeSade work out program.  The room was dominated
by a flat, wooden table.  In one corner, a modified work out bench
and in another a strange, padded saw horse.  Against one wall a strange
wheel was bolted.  Ann remembered seeing something similar at a circus. 
All of the furniture, no matter how strange, had one thing in common. 
Shackles.  Ann did not need a PHD to deduce what happened in this
room.

The centre of the room was dominated by a winch, below which, three
sets of study iron rings were bolted to the floor in a row.  Ann was
shocked to discover that her mouth had become very dry and that her panties
had become quite damp.  Her heart missed a beat as she noticed the
final occupant of the room.  Behind the door that she had entered
stood two large wardrobes.  Ann approached them with a sense of building
excitement as she reached for the handle of the first wardrobe.

As she opened the door, her senses were overwhelmed by the smell of
rubber and Ann stood motionless for several seconds, gazing an awe at the
contents of the wardrobe, before reaching a tentative hand out to stroke
one of the garments.  Ann stepped forward and began rummaging through
the wardrobe like an excited child on her birthday.  There were cat
suits, dresses, short skirts, long skirts, shoes and boots with lethal
looking spikes for heals, face masks, gloves, stockings.  Her mind
swam with all of the possibilities that the wardrobe presented.  Taking
a deep breath she stepped back, closed the door and tried to control her
pulse as she stared at the second wardrobe.  Ann had not realized
that she could be so turned on by this stuff.  However, after only
a moment’s hesitation, she reached for the handle on the second wardrobe.

As she had suspected, this wardrobe contained hand cuffs, leg irons,
gags and such a variety of restraints that she had trouble comprehending
their variety, or use.  Never the less, she reached a tentative hand
and stroked a set of leather cuffs that hung from a peg on the open door. 
Taking them firmly in her hand, she picked up the cuffs and sniffed them,
before attaching one cuff to her wrist, struggling with one hand to do
up the buckle.  Deep in thought, Ann noticed a box containing keys
similar to the ones that she had found in the kitchen.  Now she understood
the labels and why the keys had been trapped in ice.  How long would
it take for the ice to melt?  Would she like to find out?  It
came as a shock to her that she would, as she pictured herself wearing
the most outrageous outfit, bound to one of the apparatus in the room,
unable to escape for several hours until the ice had melted.

Ann returned to the first wardrobe and started to rummage through the
clothes in earnest.  After a short while she had amassed quite a collection
of clothes on the floor.  She then stood back, kicked off her sensible
shoes, with two inch squared heels and began to undress.  The first
thing she picked up was a pair of bright red tights.  She sat down
on one of the benches and tried to pull them on, but the rubber, despite
her smooth, recently waxed, legs, caused too much friction for her to pull
the garment on easily.  Returning to the wardrobe, she was beginning
to get frustrated, when she noticed a small bottle of talcum powder in
one of the wooden slots, next to the most gaudy make up she had seen since
she had last inadvertently flicked on to the cable porn channel. 
Reaching down, she snatched up the powder and returned to the bench. 
Having sprinkled the inside of the garment sufficiently, the tights glided
up her legs, gripping them tightly in their wonderfully constrictive embrace. 
However, while pulling them up her thighs, she noticed something in the
gusset that did not seem right.  Pealing the tights back, she examined
the problem.  Two of the largest dildos that she had ever seen and
made from some strange, jelly like plastic, were firmly attached to the
inside of the tights.

 “Oh well, in for a penny, in for a pound,” she reasoned.

Although her pussy was now so juicy she could have solved the third
world drought problems all by herself, her ass was another matter. 
She remembered seeing a tube of KY next to the talcum powder and so hobbled
back to the wardrobe.  After two generous dollops, she eased the dildos
inside of her and pulled the tights up over her hips.  Examining herself
in one of the many, full length mirrors that adorned the room, Ann could
not suppress an excited quiver as her body informed her of its approval
at the new look. And she was back before the pile of clothes before she
realized that she had left the mirror.

The next item that she selected was a strange rubber corset with a confusing
number of buckles attached to it.  After examining it for several
moments, she undid he appropriate buckles and guided herself in to the
corset.  The black, shiny rubber felt cool on her skin.  But
soon, like the tights, they warmed up nicely as she fiddled with the straps.

Having re-fastened the three straps that ran down her left side, she
leant between her legs and pulled the strap that hung between her legs,
pulling it towards her and attaching it to the buckle that hung down from
the front of the garment, pulling tightly and forcing the dildos further
in to her ass and pussy.  Once she was securely wearing the corset,
she then set about undoing the straps and pulling as tightly as possible
before re-fastening the buckles.

Moving back to the mirror, Ann was thrilled by the result.  Although
the corset was full length, running, in effect, from her crotch to her
neck, her boobs were exposed and the cut of the garment forced her 34D
breasts in to new, undreamt of proportions.  The black and red also
looked very good together.

Returning to the pile, she decided to try the shoes next.  She
stepped in to the six inch, red court shoes and bent down to tie the single
strap that wound around her ankle.  Once secure, she stood up and
tried to find her balance.  This was not easy for a girl used to sensible
shoes.  She had, in her teenage years, taken to wearing four inch
heels.  But they had been square and were no preparation for the way
these shoes forced her weight sharply forward, or for the way that the
stiletto could trip her up at a moment’s inattention.  However, she
was soon confidently striding around the room, admiring her silhouette
as she passed by the mirrors.  Ann soon discovered that swaggering
around in high heels, with dildos stuck up her pussy, had distinct, but
not unpleasant side effects, as she felt an orgasm building within her,
caused by the movement forced on her intruders.  She had only just
realized what was happening when her legs began to buckle and she had to
throw herself against the wall, grabbing on to a conveniently placed manacle
in order to remain upright, as her body shuddered through the rigors of
orgasm.

“Oh well, that was fun,” thought Ann as she ambled back to the pile
of clothes intent on undressing now that she had shot her bolt.  That
was the plan anyway.  She had nearly reached the wardrobe when she
felt her pussy insist that she had not finished yet.  She was amazed
to discover that she was still horny and instead of getting undressed,
she reached for the next item in the pile.

Ann applied plenty of talcum powder so that the bright red opera gloves
slid easily up her arms.  They looked, she decided, quite spectacular. 
Reaching down, she picked up the strange looking harness that, because
of the large phallus and the shape of the straps, she had decided must
be an elaborate gag of some kind.  She considered the object for several
seconds before replacing it on the floor pile and walking to the make up
that she had seen earlier in the wardrobe.  Collecting the make up
box, she hobbled over to one of the benches next to a mirror.

She quickly removed her old make up, using the appropriate bottle and
a wad of cotton wool.  She then considered herself in the mirror for
several moments before reaching for the first item of make up. Fifteen
minutes later her transformation was complete and the woman who stared
back at her proclaimed “For Hire”, but at a very high cost, in large glossy
lettering.  The bright red lip stick that she now wore had been given
a layer of gloss.  The rouge, as intended, had been applied generously
to emphasise her cheek bones.  Light blue eye shadow and a pair of
artificial lashes helped to complete the ensemble.  The combination
of the make up, the rubber clothes and her thick, dark, shoulder length
curls transformed Ann in to a sexual predator.  Satisfied, she tentatively
stepped back to the wardrobe, careful not to orgasm until she was ready.

Picking up the head harness that she had discarded earlier, she inserted
the rubber penis in to her mouth and did up the buckles which ran over
her head and under her jaw.  Once she had finished she found it impossible
to open, or close her jaw.  If the tightness of the rubber had not
made her feel very enclosed, the tight straps that ran around the back
of her head, under her jaw and in a V shape on either side of her nose,
joining at the bridge in to a single strap that went over the top of her
head certainly emphasised the feeling.

The last item in the now diminished pile was a bright red posture collar. 
Picking up the strange devise, she walked over to a mirror so that she
could see what she was doing while fitting the device.  After several
minutes of fumbling, the collar was, at last, in place and laced up, forcing
her head back in an uncomfortable arc.

Ann then walked over to the box of keys and then took the box over to
the contraption that she was to be imprisoned in.  Checking the fit
of the keys until she had found the right keys for the right locks, she
took the keys with her and returned to the refrigerator and its ice tray. 
After matching the keys from the box, with their frozen counterparts, she
then pulled the desired keys out of the tray and returned to the wardrobe,
replacing the unfrozen keys.

With everything prepared she walked with nervous anticipation towards
the strange, saw horse that she had seen earlier.  She tied the frozen
keys, by their strings, to the appropriate lengths of chain that adorned
the contraption.  She was now ready and stood with her legs apart,
so that they were close to the legs of the bench.  She positioned
her legs so that they were resting in the open manacles that were attached
to the bench legs.   She then bent over and fastened the steel
manacles around her ankles, locking them in place with the padlocks which
were next to the legs.  Once in place, she leant over the padded bar
in the centre, and pulled the thick rubber strap, attached to the bar,
over the small of her back, getting as much leverage as possible in to
each pull, so that when she eventually closed the buckle, she was held
quite firmly.

Finally, she leant all of the way over, so that she now had an upside
down view of the world.  Using both hands, she reached down and grabbed
the hand cuff style restraint that was chained to the forward leg of the
bench.  She then placed her left hand in to the cuff and used her
right hand to lock it around her wrist.  She then ensured that she
could reach the key string with her left hand.  Satisfied, she picked
up the key with her right and used the steel point, on the end of the key,
to lock the mechanism, ensuring that they would not tighten, before dropping
the key.

The right hand cuff would be the hardest part of all, since she would
have to lock it with the hand that was being secured.  She had therefore
tied the key string to the leg, using a release knot that would come undone
easily with one tug.  This held the open cuff against the leg, allowing
her to catch the cuff and manoeuvre it around her wrist.  It was then
a simple matter of turning the cuff so as to use the bench leg as an anchor
point from which to lever the device shut.  She then pulled the key
string and with some dexterity, inserted the point of the key in to position
and locked the mechanism, before releasing the key.

Finally secured, Ann tested her bonds.  All of her pulling and
shifting about did not, to Ann’s satisfaction, free her, or even loosen
her bonds.  She was, for some reason that escaped her, enjoying herself,
as she imagined herself held prisoner by a wicked crime lord, like some
heroine in a trashy detective novel.  She even made the appropriate
noises in to her unusual gag which, unless she sucked on it vigorously,
caused drool to run out of her mouth and up her face.

After ten or so minutes, she decided that it was time to work on the
dildo and so wriggled her ass around within the restraints.  This
did not have the same effect that she had experienced earlier.  The
strap across her back restricted her attempts at arousal, so that she was
only able to get excited, but not, it seemed, bring her to climax. 
Ann, however, was not a girl to give in easily.  She therefore increased
her struggles in a desperate attempt to cum.  After half an hour of
unrewarded struggling, she looked forlornly at the key, which was still
firmly embedded in ice.  It would take hours, Ann reasoned, for the
ice to melt sufficiently to allow her to release her.  The worst of
it was that she was now incredibly horny.  Her efforts had succeeded
in getting her aroused to the point of orgasm, but no more.  In temper
she screamed in to the gag and thrashed about uselessly on the bench until
she was hot, sweaty and out of breath.

Ann lay panting on the saw horse, desperately trying to think of a way
to free herself, or bring herself off.  The sound of a key being inserted
in to the front door brought her to her senses with the speed of a sudden
slap across the face.  Again she thrashed fruitlessly against the
bonds as she heard a male voice call in to the apartment.

“Nicky. Are you in?  Nicky.”

This was not the owner of the flat returning unexpectedly, but one of
her friends.  Ann was stunned.  All of the excuses and explanations
that had rushed through her panicked brain, now fled at the sound of approaching
footsteps.  Ann slumped in to her bonds, resigned to her fate.

“Nicky, Ni….  Well what have we here?” the man asked as the sound
of footsteps changed to the distinctive thud produced by the dungeons laminate
flooring.

Ann watched with horror as a pair of shoes walked in to her line of
site.

“No.  Not Nicky.  Who are you?”

Ann attempted the only communication that she could manage, drawing
attention to the fact that she was gagged.

“Mppph.  Mppph.”

“Well, if you can not speak for yourself, let’s weigh up the evidence. 
You are not Nicky and therefore not the owner of this flat.  You have
riffled through Nicky’s personal things and are now wearing her clothes. 
At best that makes you an intruder and at worse a thief.  The question
is, what am I to do with you?”

Ann struggled in to her bonds and mopped for all she was worth as the
man circled her.

“The police might be interesting, but maybe you would prefer that we
kept them out of it.  What do you say?”

Ann could just imagine what would happen if the police arrived. 
She would never live this down and so, after several moments, she slumped
in to her bonds.

The stranger considered her for several second before reaching some
sort of decision.

“OK then.  No police.  But you must be punished for what you
have done.  Don’t you agree?  Stay there, I will be back in a
moment.”

Saying that, the stranger walked away.  She heard the front door
open and close.  She was now alone in the flat again.  She reached
for the keys.  They still had a long while yet, but if she could warm
them in her hands, she might be able to melt the ice before the man returned. 
However, ten minutes later she heard the front door open and the mans’
footsteps stride in to the room.  They went over to the wardrobe and,
after what seemed an eternity, walked in to her line of vision.

The man, if it was the same man, had changed.  He now a pair of
shiny, black, rubber trousers and a pair of rubber boots, with shiny steel
around the toe and along the sides, that she thought she recognized from
the film Judge Dredd.

“You look a little uncomfortable like that.  Why don’t I do something
about those bonds?”

The man walked around to Ann’s head, bent down and, using one of the
keys from the wardrobe, undid her left wrist.  Before she could resist,
the man jerked her wrist behind her and attached another cuff to her wrist. 
Holding her wrist against her back, he then repeated the procedure with
her other wrist, until her arms were cuffed securely behind her, while
positioning his body close to hers, ensuring that she did not straighten
up.  As well as hand cuffs, the man had taken a pad lock from the
wardrobe.  Opening the lock, he threaded the bar through the hand
chains on the hand cuff and then pulled her arms up until he could attach
the pad lock to a D ring on the posture collar.  Once this was clicked
in place, he left his prisoner to return to the wardrobe.

Ann unbent, as much as she could with the strap pulled tightly across
her back.  She felt that she had been bent over for hours and heard
satisfying clicking noises as her spine was allowed some freedom after
so long.

“Who said you could move thief?” demanded the man as he marched imperiously
towards her.

Ann only had a short glimpse of the man advancing towards her. 
But it was to form an initial impression.  He was a little older than
her, perhaps twenty eight, but no more than thirty.  He was well built,
with dark hair and hazel eyes.  He was also clad, neck to toe, in
glossy black rubber.

“We shall have to do something about your wilfulness,” the man scolded
as he bent her over again.

His rubber clad hand flashed in to her line of sight as, bending down,
he grabbed one of her exposed breasts.  His other hand, which was
holding something long, like chord, came in to view.  Her nipples
were shamefully erect and needed little encouragement as the man toyed
with her.  Just as she was getting aroused again she screamed in to
the gag as the man painfully clamped something on to her nipple. 
She tried to arch back, but the mans hand shot out and clamped on to the
top of her head.

She watch, mesmerized, as the man pulled on the chord, which stretched
as he did so and fed it through an eye hole mounted on the floor above
her head.  He then pulled the chord through, grabbed her breast and
clamped the chord on to her other erect nipple, eliciting another loud
noise in to the gag.

“There, isn’t that more comfortable thief?” demanded the man as he stepped
back to admire his handiwork.  “Although your posture could do with
a little more adjustment,” the man stated as he headed back to the wardrobe.

Ann watched him go, but her eyes were drawn down ward to her breasts
and the bright red bungee chord which pulled her nipples painfully towards
her.  Sensing movement, she looked through her legs towards the man
who approached her carrying something that looked like the strange spanner
that you find in your boot for changing tyres.

The man stood at her side and bent down, inserting the spanner in to
the hexagonal nut, just under the padded bar.  He then began to tighten
the nut.

Ann was not sure what was happening, but she knew that the bar was getting
higher, pulling on her chords and stretching her legs until they were so
tight that her feet left the security of the ground.  While she was
contemplating this, the man appeared in the view again, this time brandishing
a large riding crop.

“Time to take your punishment thief,” the man announced as the riding
crop arched towards her ass.

Thwack, thwack, thwack.

The three blows were delivered in quick succession to her exposed bottom,
causing her to jerk in her bonds and scream in to her gag.

Thwack, thwack, thwack.

More blows rained down on her unprotected ass so that it burned and
throbbed.  Ann began to sob with the pain and humiliation that she
was suffering and also with the shame that she was seriously turned on. 
The motion of her ass, inspired by her beating had caused an unexpected
reaction from the dildos.  As a consequence, Ann found that she was
very wet and very, very horny.

Ann was not sure when the beating finished, all that she knew was that
she was sobbing, horny and that the man was now standing by her head and
pulling her head back.  He reached for the gag and demonstrated that
he could have asked for an explanation at any time, without removing the
harness, as he unclipped the penis from the harness and removed it from
her mouth.  Although this offered some freedom, she still could not
close her mouth, due to a steel ring, attached to the head harness, that
was trapped in her mouth.

“Well, what have you got to say for yourself thief?”  the man demanded.

Ann was not sure where the words came from, or who was saying them,
only that she wanted them to be true.  She was not sure what this
said about her, or her morals, but they were spoken before she could think
of anything else.

“Uck ee.  Uck ee ow.  Ease?”  Ann begged of her captor,
who merely chuckled and undid the strange studded rubber cod piece that
he was wearing, letting it fall open and expose his pride and joy.

Ann stared in wonder at the ten inch cock, which was covered in thick
black rubber, apart from the bulb, which was bare.

“Then I suggest you open wide,” the man chuckled as he grabbed her hair
and pulled her head painfully up, level with his cock.

Ann greedily engulfed his man hood, as best as she could, as he rammed
it to the back of her throat and started to pump her face.  The man,
as if to underscore her position, punctuated each thrust with a stinging
blow from the riding crop.  This caused the most delicious ripples
to spread through the dildo, sending her already sensitive pussy to the
point of orgasm.

Finally, she felt the tell tale quiver from the mans’ penis.  This
was quickly followed by an impressive eruption of cum, which filled Ann’s
mouth and senses with the sticky, salty taste of cum.  As if responding
to some subliminal signal, Ann’s orgasm was triggered almost at the same
moment, causing her to buck in her bonds as her body was wracked by the
strongest orgasm she had ever know.

All sense of reality fled as Ann, gripped by violent convulsions, screamed
in to the mans cock, jerking upright, causing thick, sticky, cum to splash
her face and hair and causing the nipple clamps to be pulled off of her
agonized nipples with a resounding twang.

Ann lay slumped, panting and twitching, across the cross bar, as the
man undid her restraints.

“Hi, I’m Dave,” said the man.  “How do you know Nicky?  I
don’t recognise you from the club.”

It was time to come clean.  Ann waited until she had  been
released before hobbling in to the living room.

“I don’t actually know her,” Ann confessed.  “I am a private investigator. 
Her mother hired me to find her.  Apparently she has been missing
for some weeks.”

“Do you have any ID.  I mean, you didn’t appear to be investigating
much when I found you.”

Ann hid her blush as she bent down and took her licence from her bag. 
Although she still did not make eye contact as she handed him the document.

“To be honest, I don’t know what I was doing.  I just found all
of this stuff and it’s like….  Like.”  Ann struggled to find
the words to convey what she had been doing when Dave found her. 
“Like I don’t know.  I just had to try on the clothes and”

Ann was interrupted at the eruption of laughter coming from Dave. 
She was not surprised by his reaction, she was used to it.  But she
had never had a reaction as strong as this.  Usually it is a look,
or a suppressed grin.  But never open, gut wrenching laughter.

“Ann Summers.  This has to be a fake.  Then again, it does
have a certain symmetry.  Ann Summers.  Private eye to the kinky
and perverse.  Oh God that’s rich,” he chortled as he handed back
her card (Note to Americans, Australians and other rare and exotic creatures: 
Ann Summers is the brand name for a popular chain of high street stores
that sell kinky underwear and sex toys).

Ann staggered over to the bathroom.

“So what are you doing here.  Are you Nicky’s boyfriend?”

“No I am her neighbour.  We did go out for a while.  But since
we are both Doms, it didn’t really work out.  No I just agreed to
water her plants while she was away, although she has been gone longer
than I expected.  You don’t think anything has happened to her do
you?”

Ann emerged from the bathroom, having wiped the cum from her face, went
in to the kitchen and put the kettle on for coffee.  God did she need
a coffee.

“I don’t know, that is what I intend to find out.”

Five minutes later, Ann was sitting on Dave’s lap like a love struck
teenager, discussing her options and questioning Dave on what Nicky had
said the last time that they had talked.

“There is not much to tell.  Apparently her father had just died
and she needed a few days to herself.  She was a little distraught. 
But I don’t think that Nicky would do anything, you know, stupid. 
I hope not anyway.  How will you find her?”

“Well,” Ann considered for a moment.  “I will need to have a look
at her computer.  That’s usually a good place to start.  You
also mentioned a club.  It sounded like this is a place that she attends
quite often, so that might be a good place to ask questions.”

Dave considered for several moments before answering.

“It’s a fetish club.  You will need a member to escort you in. 
There is also a dress code.  But you already have that sorted. 
When were you thinking of going?”

“Tonight,” Ann answered without hesitation.  “Although I think
I had better buy my own clothes, rather than Nicky’s.  If her friends
recognise that I am wearing her clothes it might cause complications. 
Where do I go to buy this stuff anyway?”

A grin spread over Dave’s face.

“You might want to change your clothes before we go.  Although
I don’t mind if you don’t.”  Dave’s grin got wider as he eyed her
with open lust.  “When your ready I am going to take you on the most
exciting shopping trip of your life.”

**[Story
continues in Chapter Three](among_the_missing3.html)**
