---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Office Party
authors:
- Steve
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- maid
- caught
- F-m
- femdom
- fem
- bond
- blackmail
- reluct
- X
date: 2010-04-06 00:00:00
---

This story was an entry into the 2010 Winter Fetish Story Contest

“Steven, Please come to my office immediately. Thank you, Melissa ”

I had no idea that simple, one-line e-mail would change my life.

It was almost eight o’clock on a Friday night and I was getting ready to leave work. I was single and didn’t have a large group of friends, so it was going to be another weekend alone. I’d probably go to the gym, maybe a run, watch the game on Sunday and, of course, a session or two of self-bondage.

For as long as I can remember, I’ve been interested in bondage. When I was younger, I’d steal old pairs of my mother’s pantyhose and when no one was home, I’d put them on and tie myself up with whatever I could find. As I got to be a teenager, I would dress in the Speedo I wore for the swim team and handcuff myself with a pair of steel safety cuffs I got from a Halloween shop. It was when I got my own computer that my interests really took off. There were thousands of sites about every aspect of bondage I could imagine. I could purchase all kinds of toys, fetish clothes and bondage gear in complete anonymity. I bought maid uniforms, dozens of different types of stockings and pantyhose, high-heeled shoes, steel and leather cuffs, every possible style of gag, plugs, harnesses, etc. By the time I moved out of my parent’s house I had amassed a pretty impressive collection.

Unfortunately, I never found a girlfriend who shared my interests. The few times I finally worked up the courage to tell them about my fantasies, they were either disgusted or uncomfortably laughed it off. So I wound up spending many nights in my apartment, bound and gagged, alone. Of course, my interest in bondage didn’t go away just because I went to work. Sometimes I would wear a silky thong and garter belt with a sexy pair of seamed stockings under my work clothes. Other times, if I felt especially daring, I might insert a vibrating plug before I left the house, or lock myself in a steel chastity cage and leave the key at home. When I stayed late to finish work, I would check out forums on self-bondage to get new ideas, or I’d purchase new additions for my wardrobe or toy box.

After getting home on a Friday night I would change into my outfit for the weekend, which varied based on what type of mood I was in. If I needed to clean my apartment, I went with my stretch PVC maid’s uniform complete with locking collar. A pair of frilly panties, fishnet stockings and 6” patent heels finished off my outfit. Then I’d put on a pair of ankle cuffs, which I chained to a waist belt and connected to a pair of wrist cuffs. This kept me restrained but allowed me to hobble around the house and do my chores, albeit with some difficulty. I invested in an electronic time lock to prevent me from letting myself out early. I would put the keys inside the time lock cylinder and type in the date and time I wanted it to open. This enabled me to stay bound from Friday to Sunday, if I wanted, without the option of release until my preset time arrived.

For shorter sessions, I used a key frozen in ice. These generally were six-to-eight hours and much more elaborate. Usually I’d start with a head-harness, trainer-type gag and full hood. From there it would be a pair of alligator clamps, posture collar, wrist, ankle and thigh cuffs. I would chain myself spread eagle to the bed with TENS unit electrodes attached to my cock and balls and an electrified plug in my ass. I would set it on a random cycle, with varying intensity from pleasurable to intense pain. The session ended when the ice melted and the keys fell into my hand. Exhausted, I would shut off the TENS, remove my hood and gag, then masturbate and fall asleep. There were times I’d hogtie myself with steel cuffs in the bathtub. Once again hooded and gagged I would have an inflatable enema nozzle inserted, slowly filling myself with a few quarts of soapy water that I’d then be forced to hold for hours until my ice timer melted.

Although I enjoyed my self-bondage sessions, I really wanted someone who shared my interests, who I could be submissive to and act out my fantasies with. I tried some BDSM-related personal sites but they never seemed to amount to anything more than women looking for desperate men to give them money. It really felt as though I was never going to find anyone and then I got Melissa’s e-mail.

I was nervous at the tone and brevity of her message. I was a good employee, I took initiative, I was never late and had even been promoted a few times since I had been at the company. Melissa was my direct supervisor and the office reputation of being a bitch. She was an attractive, middle-aged woman. Tall and slender with auburn hair and green eyes, she often wore mini-skirts and heels to show off her long and powerful legs. It was rare, if ever that she didn’t get what she wanted.

Most of the office had gone home, including her secretary Jennifer, when I knocked on her door. “Come in Steven,” she replied.

Melissa was standing behind her desk and she motioned for me to sit down. “I’ll cut right to the chase, Steven,” she said. “I don’t like when people waste my time and you have been wasting a great deal of my time.”

I stared at her with a look of utter shock across my face.

“What is it you do here until so late at night?” she asked angrily.

“W…well, Melissa. I have been finishing up a few projects and…”

“Surfing the internet?” she interrupted.

“I…I do check my e-mail and occasionally I go on eBay, I know it’s against company policy but I figured that since it was after-hours…”

“You figured what?” she interrupted me again, this time even more impatiently, “that it would be okay for you to look at pornography or do some, shall we say, personal shopping on MY time?”

“I…I…what do you mean?” I stammered.

“You know EXACTLY what I mean, Steven. I monitor the Internet activity on every computer in this office and yours was the only one logged on when these sites were visited.”

Oh, god, I thought to myself. I knew I was about to get fired, which only added to my humiliation at my secret being discovered. “Please, Melissa, I’m sorry. I know it was wrong, deduct the time from my paychecks but please, don’t fire me.”

A sinister smile crossed her face, “You’re a good employee, Steven. It would be a shame to fire you, so I’ll offer you another option, if you’re interested.”

“Absolutely,” I replied.

“I’m having a little get-together tomorrow night and I want you to attend.”

“Uh, ok,” I said, more than a little surprised.

“I will e-mail you tomorrow morning with my address and the time you should be there. I would advise you not to be late.” She warned. “Now get out of my office and go home, Steven.”

“Yes, Melissa, thank you!”

I clocked out and ran to my car in the parking lot. I was mortified but at least I was still employed. Naturally, I couldn’t sleep at all. In fact I was so nervous that I didn’t even want to have a session that night. I dozed off a few times and eventually got up around 10 am.

I went to the gym and tried and burn-off some stress. When I got home, I immediately checked my e-mail. Sure enough, there was a message from Melissa. “Steven,” it read, “You will be at 1042 Park Lane by 5 PM. You will drive here wearing a pair of your running tights, sneakers and a sleeveless tank, nothing else. Bring a pair of your highest heels and do not tell anyone where you are going. Shut off your cell phone and leave your wallet home. Sincerely, Melissa.” I closed my laptop and felt the pit growing in my stomach.

The hours seemed to crawl by. I showered and got dressed, as Melissa had requested. I felt even more exposed and embarrassed in these clothes then if I she had told me to come naked. I picked out a pair of 6” open toe pumps to bring with me. I got from my apartment to the car as quickly as I could. It appeared as if I had made it without being seen. Just as a wave of relief washed over me, I heard giggling from across the parking lot. I turned around to see my neighbor’s 19-year-old daughter and a group of her friends pointing and waving at me. Nervously fumbling with my keys, I dropped them on the ground, which forced me to bend over and pick them up. One of them whistled at me, causing them all to laugh hysterically together. My humiliation complete, I finally got the car door open and drove away.

I knocked on Melissa’s front door at exactly five o’clock. To say the least, I was stunned when she answered the door. Her hair was tied back in a tight ponytail and she was wearing a white latex blouse. Her hands were covered in black wrist-length latex gloves and her perfectly toned calves were exposed below her knee-length latex pencil skirt and accentuated by impossibly high patent leather heels.

“Hello Steven,” she said looking me over, “I’m glad to see you obeyed all my requests.”

I could only nod in reply, still stunned by her appearance.

Annoyed, she grabbed my chin and looked me in the eye, “When I speak to you, you will answer me. Understood?”

“Y…Yes, Melissa” I stuttered, “I…I’m sorry, I just…”

“Stop!” She commanded, “You will no longer address me that informally. From now on I you will refer to me as Mistress Melissa and at work you will address me as ‘ma’am’. Understood?”

“Y…Yes, Mistress Melissa. I understand.”

“Good. Now turn-around.”

I stared at her blankly.

“Turn-around,” she said, with growing impatience.

I slowly turned until my back was to her. Running her latex covered hands down my back, she grabbed my ass. I let out a startled gasp, which elicited an amused chuckle from Melissa. She tapped the insides of my shoes with her heels, nudging my legs slightly apart. This allowed her to move her hands down my thighs and over my calves before running them back up the front of my legs, brushing ever so gently over my already growing erection, before moving up my stomach to my chest, where she stopped to give each of my nipples a delicate pinch.

Placing a hand on my shoulder, she turned me back around to face her. “As you can now see Steven, I share many of your interests. I know that you have an extensive collection of gear and that you spend your weekends in various forms of self-bondage. I know you want more than anything to have someone to make your fantasies a reality. I am going to be that person. Your life changes today because it is no longer going to be your life. From this moment forward, I am your Master and you live to serve me.”

I was filled with excitement and shame. I didn’t know how to react to what I was hearing.

“I know this must seem unreal, but I can assure you it is all very real. I have more than enough documentation of your extracurricular activities, on company time, to fire you. In addition I’m sure your landlord, neighbors, family, friends and co-workers would be very interested in seeing what you do in your spare time. So unless you want to be unemployed and ostracized, this arrangement is non-negotiable”

“So you’re blackmailing me,” I replied, indignant.

“Don’t look at it that way. Think of it as a mutually beneficial relationship. We’re both getting something we want.”

“But…Melissa, I can’t…”

She slapped me hard across the face. “MISTRESS MELISSA!”

“I…I’m sorry…Mistress Melissa.”

“That’s better,” she continued, “You need to show me the proper respect. This isn’t playtime at home Steven and I have very little patience for bad behavior. Now, you’ve wasted enough of my time. You need to get prepared for my party.”

She led me inside and closed the door behind us.

“Jennifer,” she called into the kitchen, “come help Steven get ready.”

From the kitchen came Melissa’s secretary, Jennifer! I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. She was dressed in a long stretch PVC hobble dress, which showed-off her toned body and full breasts. A matching sweet Gwen hood, with an opening for her jet-black hair, covered her head and face, leaving only her nose and seductive blue eyes exposed.

“I believe you two know each other,” said Melissa.

Jennifer bowed her head slightly in my direction.

“Don’t look so surprised Steven. Jennifer here even helped me uncover your transgressions. You see, she’s had her eye on you as well and although she’s submissive to me, in this relationship, she will be dominant over you.”

I had often fantasized about Jennifer controlling me during my many self-bondage sessions. She was about 25 and had been Melissa’s secretary for about a year. At work, she mostly kept to herself, but she was stunningly beautiful. Her pale skin was in stark contrast to her dark hair. She was petite but in excellent shape, with large breasts and a perfect ass, which she often showed off by wearing tight leggings and a low cut sweater in the office. Now, here she was, Melissa’s accomplice in both my blackmail and enslavement.

“Now, Jennifer, take Steven to the guest room. I want you to have him shave and change into the clothing that we selected for him. Understood?”

Jennifer bowed her head again, this time at Melissa and then motioned for me to follow her. The dress prevented her from taking anything more then the smallest of steps but she moved quickly and soon we were in the guest bathroom. She gestured for me to remove my clothes and step into the shower. Stripped naked, I was handed a razor and bottle of shaving cream. Jennifer pointed at me, indicating I was to shave my entire body. There was no curtain or shower door and she made no movement to leave the room. Embarrassed at being forced to shave in front of her, I tried to finish quickly but only succeeded in having to re-shave numerous parts of my body that I had missed and ultimately took much longer than would have had I just done it right the first time. Jennifer handed me a towel and I dried myself, she examined my now hairless body and, satisfied that I had done an acceptable job escorted me to the bedroom.

Lying on the bed were several articles of, what appeared to be spandex, clothing. Jennifer picked up the first item, a sweet-Gwen hood, similar to the one she wore but with out the opening on top. After she handed it to me I was able to feel the material and saw that it zippered in the back, I knew instantly that this was not spandex, it was darlex! Darlex is basically two layers of spandex, bonded together by a layer of rubber. So although it looks very similar to spandex it is MUCH more restrictive. I put the hood on and zipped it closed. Next came a darlex hobble dress. Once I had put it on, she motioned for me to kneel on the floor. She zipped closed the back of my dress and tucked the collar under my hood. Finally, she placed my arms together behind my back and slid on a matching darlex armbinder. There were two straps that encircled my wrists and elbows, which Jennifer tightened securely. Another strap came out from the top and looped around each arm, making a “Y” shape. I had plenty of spandex and stretch PVC, like Jennifer wore, in my wardrobe but I had never tried darlex before, mostly because it was too expensive. I was shocked at how much more limiting it was then either of the other materials. I could only mumble through the hood and the armbinder allowed virtually no movement.

Fully dressed, Jennifer helped me to my feet and assisted me in putting on the heels Melissa had instructed me to bring. Pleased with her work, she grasped me by the arm and I began escorting me to the kitchen. I teetered unsteadily on the 6” heels and being severely restricted by the hobble dress, I moved exceedingly slowly.

Melissa was waiting for us when we finally arrived. “What took so long?” she asked impatiently.

Jennifer pointed at my legs and feet, which forced a smile to appear on Melissa’s face.

“What’s the matter Steven? First day with the new legs?” she teased. “Well, you’ll have to get used to them quickly because my guests will be arriving shortly.”

Melissa turned her attention to Jennifer, “Please help me fit him with the serving tray.”

Melissa picked up a specially designed tray which they began securing to me. It was a wooden tray, lined with black leather and trimmed in red. It had two leather buckles that fastened around my waist. The outer corners of the tray had two thin chains that attached to a collar fastened around my neck. They completed the installation by padlocking both the collar and waist belt.

“There,” said Melissa, “a perfect serving maid. You see Steven tonight is your ‘coming out’ night, so to speak. I’ve invited some friends over to meet the new you and you will have the honor of serving us.” At that, the doorbell rang. “Excellent! The guests have begun to arrive. Jennifer, please begin preparing drinks while I greet our guests.”

Jennifer nodded and set to work, while Melissa left to answer the door. I stood nervously, terrified at the prospect of even more people seeing me as I was. At the same I was incredibly excited that some of my deepest fantasies were now coming true. I could feel myself getting hard again and longed for any kind of relief. What was going to happen after tonight, I wondered? Was she going to force me to move in with her? Would I be kept in bondage constantly? Melissa said I was going to address her as “ma’am” when we went back to work. How would I explain that to my co-workers? Was Jennifer, a secretary, going to start giving me orders? People would know something was going on. Just as I began to panic, I was suddenly jolted back into reality. Jennifer had slapped me across the face. She was ready with the drinks and I had not been paying attention because of my daydreaming. Carefully each drink was placed on my serving tray, all different cocktails, all filled until they practically spilled out the tops of their glasses. As she finished loading my tray, she pointed towards the living room.

Restricted by the ankle-length dress, I began to walk, slowly and unsteadily towards the living room. I wobbled back and forth on the heels, taking extremely care not to spill any of the drinks. Focused on the tray in front of me, I didn’t take notice that I finally reached the living room until Melissa spoke.

“Ah, ladies, I believe you all know Steven.”

I looked up in horror,

“What’s the matter sweetie? Didn’t I tell you this was going to be an OFFICE party?”

There, seated around the room, was each and every woman from our company.

“Ladies, I have an announcement to make.” Melissa continued, “Steven had been a very bad boy and I was going fire him and expose his little secret to the world. Then I had a better idea, I decided to blackmail him.”

They all laughed in unison. It took everything in me to stay upright.

“So, here’s what is going to happen.” Turning to me, she said, “Steven, I still have to punish you for your infraction. So, effective immediately I’m demoting you… to my secretary. Not to worry, though, Jennifer will be taking your old job. You will address every woman as your superior and your only replies will be ‘Yes ma’am’, ‘No ma’am’ and ‘Thank you ma’am’. I’m sure it will be hard for your male co-workers to understand but I’ll let you come up with a suitable explanation to give them. Of course we’ll also have to address your attire. Those masculine clothes you used to wear are not suited for your new position but… I’m getting ahead of myself… we can discuss this after our guests leave. For now, your first task will be serving our drinks. Sue, you had the martini, right?”

Sue nodded towards Melissa and I hobbled slowly towards my former assistant, to deliver her martini. As she picked the glass off my tray she delicately touched my face, tears now streaming down it. With sarcastic sympathy, she said “Aww, Steven, it’s okay. Just remember, you should really be careful what you wish for.”
