---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Arrested or Enslaved
authors:
- Mister B
tags:
- Solo-F
- pickpocket
- F/f
- caught
- cuffs
- arrest
- choice
- dome
- enslave
- strip
- chain
- cellar
- torment
- bdsm
- crop
- cage
- submissive
- reluct
- X
date: 2018-03-20 00:00:00
---

**Part 1. Getting caught**.

I see myself as an artist. I have turned the skill of pick pocketing into an art. I am able to asses where people carry cash and other valuables and then I usually know the best way  to get my hands on it without them noticing it. My name is Manon. I am a young woman blessed with an athletic figure and I am good in running and gymnastics. I like what I do and have never been caught. I have a lot of freedom and combine my  “work” with traveling to the cities around the world. My strategy is always to dress innocent and slightly sexy. In this way people do not suspect me and the men are usually distracted.

Today I decided to try my luck in a new city abroad and dress up as a runner wearing tight shorts and a  running shirt over my sports bra. In my shorts and running pants there are pouches where I can hide my stash. I already had a good catch when I “accidentally” bumped into a men who I assessed as a car trader and who carried a lot of cash with him. Now I am observing a woman wearing black tight jeans and a short bomber jacket. In the back pocket over her quite impressive large but well shaped behind she is clearly carrying a bundle of cash as well. I have difficulty placing her in a category. She seems fit and self assured and strides at a rapid determined pace. I already passed her once and intend to stumble into her when I return.

Everything goes as I planned. I fake to make a wrong step and stumble into her holding myself up against her. As she reaches out to pull me to my feet my hand delicately goes down and slips the cash out of her pocket just as she let’s me go. But then it all goes terribly wrong. The woman realizes what I did and comes after me. I am sure I can out run her and run away without looking back. But then I stumble for real and as I recover and regain my speed I am tackled from behind. The woman expertly takes me down forces my arms behind my back and painfully presses her knee in my back.

As bystanders rush in the woman tells them she is a police officer and shows them her badge. My whole world seems to fall apart as I realize my freedom ends here in a foreign city. The woman produces a set of hand cuffs and cuffs my wrists painfully tight behind my back. Then she pulls me to my feet and pulls me with her. My knees are trembling and the stronger woman  has to hold me up as she pulls me along back towards where she was heading. We get a lot of looks from the people we pass and every now and then the woman tells them she is a police officer bringing in a suspect.

After walking some blocks we reach her car. She forces me in the back and locks me in with the seat belt. By know I am crying as I realize how my world is falling apart. As she steps in to drive a way. I beg her to release me but she just ignores me and drives away. I look outside though the window taking in what I think will be the last of the outside world.

When we reach a quitter part of town we pull over. The woman turns around and tells me; "Look I am not a cop, I just showed a fake badge. I can turn you in at the police station though and you will go to jail then. However there is a way out. I happen to be a professional mistress dominating the successful men in this town. I offer you to be my slave for two weeks and then I will release you. You have to decide within ten minutes."

Then she steps out of the car, locks it and walks towards a terrace from where she can see the car. I can see how she orders a drink and relaxes while my mind races between the consequences of the two options. It sounds like a good deal only two weeks her captive or going to jail for who knows how long. But what will she do to me?

The woman has finished her drink and carrying a bottle of water she walks back to the car. The rear door is opened and she forces me to drink the whole bottle. Then she gets in again behind the wheel and asks: "So what will it be? Jail or my dungeon?"

"What will you do to me?" I ask with a trembling voice.

"I will make you suffer!" is her reply while she smiles at me as if she tells me how good it is to see me again.

"Your dungeon..." I finally say when I see the impatience growing in her stare.

"Excellent choice my dear!" is her reply and she taps my knee. "Know before we head of to my place I will blindfold you."

She pulls out what look like VR glasses from her glove compartment, exits the car and sits next to me to be able to put the thing on me. I realize how smart this is. People looking from the outside will just see a girl in the back seat in her own virtual reality and think nothing off it. The glasses are tightened with the strap and my vision is gone completely.

Then we start driving for a long time. Finally I can feel we turn onto a gravel road which we follow for quite a long time. This makes me really scared. I feel so completely helpless and at the mercy of this woman and I start crying again. Then we stop and I am pulled out of the car. The woman guides me firmly an rapidly towards my next destination. We pass through a door and when the door locks behind me something really breaks and I start sobbing loudly and beg incoherently to be released.

A sharp slap in the face stops me.

"Shut up, only speak when I give you permission" the woman tells me, "and pull off your shoes and socks!"

With great difficulty I manage to do this with my painful cuffed wrists. As soon as that is done I am ordered to take of my shorts. When I hesitate and start protesting I am slapped even harder across the face. With difficulty I pull down my tight and sweaty shorts and step out of them. The woman pulls my shirt and bra roughly over my head and down over my arms. Then she pushes me against the wall and un cuffs one hand to allow her to remove the clothing completely.

She turns me around pulls up my thong so that it painfully presses in my crotch and pulls me close to her. I can feel her large soft breast pressing against me. With her other hand behind my neck she pulls me even closer and whispers in my ear; "You are mine." Then she laughs and pulls me with her.

We enter a room which feels hollow and has a cold floor as well. A chain rattles and is attached to my cuffs. Then the chain rattles again and I feel how my wrists are pulled high in the air until I stand on my toes. I cry out because of the pain in my wrists but there is no reaction. The woman explores every part of my body, pinching my breasts and firmly grabbing my butt. Then I hear how she walks away without warning and the door is shut leaving me alone with my fear and my pain.

**Part 2.**

My wrists are numb and hurt extremely, my shoulders ache and I have wet myself as I could no longer hold my bladder.  My face is a mess as a result of all the sobbing. I only hear myself moan and nothing else as I tremble on my feet continuously trying to keep my balance. There is no room but for pain and despair in my head. Suddenly the door opens again and I hear the woman enter. The VR glasses are removed and without delay the chain starts rattling again. I collapse on the floor shaking uncontrollably and my eyes hurt from the bright light. I roll up in the fetal position in shock from this ordeal.

Without speaking my mistress cuts way my thong and then I am hosed down with cold water like a dog. I gasp for air and my spirit returns and I start to roll way from the cold water. But mistress holds me down with one foot and I squirm and scream under the cold water. When she thinks I had enough the water turns off and I am turned on my stomach. My cuffs are released and attached again to my ankles. I am given a towel and ordered to dry myself.

As Mistress stands to watch me I finally notice how she is dressed. She is wearing only what looks like a shiny black one piece bathing suit. Her strong legs are bare. Her broad hips are accentuated by the high cut of the suit. She looks fit too with a flat stomach below her large breasts. As she turns around to fetch something I see the suit is like a thong accentuating her impressive well shaped behind. I realize how skinny I must look in her eyes and how strong she must be.

She returns with a sandwich and a glass of juice which I eagerly take in. As I eat she tells me about slave rules such as only speaking when given permission and many others. When I have finished eating I am ordered to stand up and place my hands behind my neck. Mistress tells me not to break this position and starts applying body lotion to my whole body.

Red faced with embarrassment I experience how for the first time in my life a woman touches my whole body. When she is finished exploring all my intimate parts she orders me to get down on my knees and follow her. She walks ahead of me and I admire how her firm butt moves when she walks ahead of me. We cross a hall way and enter into a larger room which clearly is equipped as her dungeon. I am not given much time to observe the room as I am ordered to crawl into a small cage. The cage is locked, the light turned off and the door is closed. I can only lie down in the fetal position and quickly fall asleep after this ordeal, all those new impressions and the full stomach.

When I awake again I panic at first until I remember where I am. My body is stiff and sore from the confined space and the hard floor.

In the dark I explore the cage only to find out that it is very functional in its purpose of confining me and causing discomfort. I try different positions to find the most comfortable one. But every position becomes painful after a while. I become frustrated and angry. I dare not to scream out as I am afraid of the consequences.

After an eternity the door opens and mistress enters. Swiftly she strides towards my cage and opens it while ordering me to get out. Because I am stiff I exit rather slowly and clumsily. Mistress responds by grabbing a riding crop from somewhere and she gives me a couple very hard blows to my behind. I scream from agony and squirm on the floor from pain. Mistress walks away from me and returns with a large bundle of rope.

"Stand up and fold your hands behind your back".

Afraid of her whip which she still carries I jump up from the floor and stand as demanded. I feel rope passing along my wrists and see it wrapped around my upper body in a very artistic way. My arms are bound tight but surprisingly comfortable. My ankle cuffs are removed and mistress turns me around. She pulls me close to her. Softly she caresses the sore spots on my behind. Then she whispers in my ear; "How do you feel about being my slave?"

I do not know what to say, but strangely enough something seems to break in me. I feel my resistance flowing away and lean heavily onto my mistress.

Mistress whispers in my ear. "I judged you right when I had you in my car. You are a true submissive".
