---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/eroticstories/storiesek/farmhand.html
subcategory: Spandex
title: Farmhand
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- Sbf
- buttplug
- extreme
- outdoors
- mum
- wrap
- machine
- stuck
- caught
- M/f
- sex
- anal
- collar
- analhook
- cuffs
- bond
- dungeon
- sex
- cons
- reluct
- XXX
date: 2026-02-14 00:00:00
---

#### 1 - Liz

At school, Liz was always a bit of an outcast for her different way of thinking. And while her classmates would pursue interests and jobs suitable for city life, Liz always felt more at peace on her own. She never really felt at home in the city she grew up in. Too busy and complex for her liking.

Her mother wanted to name her Elizabeth. Unfortunately, Liz’s father was too drunk to pronounce it correctly when she was born. When asked for the baby’s name, he gave her name as ‘Ehhh Liz?' trying to remember Elizabeth. And so 'Liz' was put on the birth certificate. Her mother didn't find out until much later about the screw-up. Officially Liz doesn’t know. However, one of her earliest memories is her parents fighting over her dad always being drunk and never doing anything right, all while he blamed her mom for getting pregnant in the first place.

Yes, Liz her parents kinda suck, and it rubs off on her in the form of her being a loner yet longing for someone who will inspire or motivate her. Something neither parent can provide.

Ever since Liz figured out what sex is she has had two kinks. She's obsessed with sticking things into her butt. Probably because that’s what she tried first. And she believes that a strong man who’ll have his way with her is the most attractive thing ever. Someone who takes charge and shows her what’s up. Unfortunately for her she never met a suitable man for that kind of relationship and her deadbeat dad isn’t much of an inspiration either. But that’s alright, she’s mostly preoccupied with her anal experiments anyway.

She thinks the ‘Everything is a dildo if you’re brave enough’ saying is a clever dare. And it encourages her to regularly experiment and do dumb things.

For her 19th birthday, she went celebrating with two of her friends and lost her virginity on a drunken dare to a random guy in the alley behind a bar. Unknown to her it’s quite similar to how Liz was conceived.

Liz didn't learn the guy’s name, or indeed that she wasn't a virgin anymore, until five days later when he tracked her down to the convenience store where she worked and asked her to be his girlfriend. The guy wanted to take responsibility for his actions and happened to quite like her. Liz refused and tried to ignore the young man, but he wouldn't give up. For two weeks he chased her. Unfortunately for him, she kept refusing his advances day after day. Mainly because she has no memory of them ever being together.

Shortly after, she made the impromptu decision to find purpose in life elsewhere and said goodbye to everything and everyone she knew. Liz left with the vague promise to her parents and two closest friends that she'd let them know where she would end up, but never did.

She sat in a bus for three days, going from town to town until she ran out of money and had to get off. Liz soon found work on a sheep farm for the summer. Having made her escape from her mundane life Liz finally feels at home and like an independent person.

Her friendly employer, Gilbert, didn't think much of her at first and believed the young woman wasn't suitable at all for farm work, but he gave her a chance with a two week trial. He didn't dismiss her outright purely because he thought she had amazing eyes. Lucky for her she proved herself worthy. She's good at herding sheep and doing all kinds of smaller tasks. But after a few days Gilbert figured he just likes having her around. Having a woman on the ranch changed the dynamic and routine.

Another thing he appreciates is her dedication to his sheep. Liz quickly falls in love with the fluffy animals, while the men around her lust after Liz herself.

Liz looks up to her boss Gilbert because he is a strong and honest man. But not so much at both her co-workers, Patrick and Steve. Both men often make fun of her behind her back and playfully start calling her Lizzie. A jab at her name and her being rather skinny.

The farm has a couple of small houses, or bungalows. Liz got one of them to live in by herself. The other one is occupied by Patrick and Steve. Her house was originally meant as a rental guesthouse and is to the right of the main yard with some trees and bushes on either side. The bungalow of the guys is right next to the barn, across the yard from Gilbert's house.

She spends many days chasing spiders and wiping dust to clean up the place. Emboldened with her newfound privacy she finally can explore her sexuality all by herself and spent her first salary on anal beads. The sex-toy is made up of six balls with a 6cm diameter each, spaced about 4cm apart on a thick silicone stem. When the toy finally arrived two weeks later she was overjoyed, but disappointed less than an hour later when it didn't fit. It’s longer than her forearm and the balls are way too large for her. She could fit a mere two balls inside. Needless to say it wasn’t a smart first purchase.

Realizing her mistake, Liz ordered the same toy but smaller. This one also has six balls but four centimeters in diameter. The shorter length and reduced thickness is much more manageable and after a few weeks she could fit the whole thing inside herself. Her guilty pleasure came mostly from wearing it during work hours and nobody knowing about it. When the 4cm beads became routine, she scaled up to a same toy with 5cm balls and just over six months later she triumphantly pranced around the farm yard with it fully inserted into her ass.

Summer went, but Liz stayed and by now she has been on the farm for about two years. She turned 21 a few months ago. From her work, Liz developed muscular arms that give her a bratty gym girl look, a thing that didn't go unnoticed by the men. The three all grew quite fond of Liz and there is an unspoken competition between Patrick and Steve to see who can bed her first.

Other than her strong arms she’s a thin, bony woman. Her average height makes her look small. She’ll never be a model, but her bright blue eyes which contrast with her short dark brown hair make for a cute face, the men all agree.

#### 2 - Fieldwork

After two years of trying Liz finally did it. She managed to fit her biggest toy inside her butt. Liz sits squatted in her bathroom feeling mightily accomplished. When she straightens her back the enormous sex toy shifts inside of her. Or rather, it feels like it shifts her insides.

After nearly a minute she slowly rises to stand and holds on to her belly like a pregnant woman would. In her mind her stomach bulges visibly, but nothing is really visible. Leaning forward on the bathroom sink with both her hands Liz tries to get used to the full feeling while staring at herself in the mirror with a stupid grin on her face. If she could see herself from behind she'd see the stem obscenely stick out from between her butt cheeks.

It’s late in the afternoon. The workday finished an hour ago but her reverie is rudely interrupted by Steve, one of the other farmhands. He pounds on her door.

"Lizzie! Quick! I need you to help! The sheep ran the fence down again.”

“Ehm! No! I can't!” Liz shouts back, startled. Worst timing ever.

“Come help or we'll lose the flock! Right the fuck now!” Steve sounds super upset at her seemingly not realizing the urgency.

“Fiiinee! But I need to get dressed! Give me a minute! Can't Patrick help you!?” She shouts through the door.

He pounds on the door a few more times and urges her to hurry the hell up. Patrick is in town with Gilbert.

"I'll be back in three minutes, be ready or I'll drag you out!"

"Yeah, yeah!" Liz shouts through her house.

Liz squats down and tries to push the toy out but it doesn't budge. Trying harder she lets out a ‘hnnng' and pushes with all her might, but the toy is not coming out. Wiping the sweat of her brow Liz decides that since it's stuck, she'll have to wear it. Not thinking too much about it she steps into her jeans shorts, skipping on her underwear. She also puts on a t-shirt and finally steps into her boots. No time for a bra or socks either. Liz is not too worried, she wore similar outfits, and had things up her butt during work before. What can possibly go wrong, right?

Escaping sheep is a big deal. Without them the farm is screwed. It means no wool, no sheep to cuddle with, and therefore no income. Stepping out of the door Liz spots Steve who is impatiently waiting for her next to the UTV, he got some materials to fix the fence while Liz got dressed and is about to approach her door.

“Hurry, come come!” He waves her over and jumps in the driver seat. Before Liz can sit down he stomps on the accelerator and she drops in the seat with an uncomfortable ‘oof' as she lands on the silicone tip that's sticking out of her butt. It forces the balls deeper inside. This hurts and she grimaces while barely holding in a pained moan.

The UTV speeds across the yard and into the pasture, bumping through uneven terrain. The whole ride causes her significant discomfort.

When they arrive at the far end of the pasture, some 100 or so sheep are outside the fence calmly grazing in the neighboring field. Liz and Steve get to work to herd them back through the broken section.

“HURRR DURRRRR!” Liz calls out as she moves in on a few sheep with her arms spread. Steve makes similar noises at the other end of the group and 20 minutes later they have most of the sheep back on the pasture.

Steve then pulls the barbed wire in place and starts hammering the fallen poles back into the ground. He also replaces a pole that broke in half. Liz chases the last three sheep into the pasture and helps him with the fence. When she bends over to pick up the last pole, Steve sees the bump of the stem sticking out of her butt and can't help himself.

He calls out from behind her, “Hey Liz! Pooped your pants?”

Her head turns beet-red and she reaches around her butt feeling the lump in her shorts. “I ehh. No!? Here, ha…hamm…hammer it down,” She stutters while holding the pole in place.

With a firm few whacks the pole is driven into the ground, the barbed wire is nailed to it and the crisis is averted.

“Well done Liz. Beer's on me tonight!”

“Yeah, thanks.” Liz doesn't want beer, she wants to get home and remove the toy. Her body is starting to reject the intrusion and she's constantly clenching her butt, trying to hold it in. The overwhelming feeling to take a dump is approaching critical levels.

“Hop on, let's head back,” Steve offers as he throws his tools and things in the UTV. Liz just grimaces and gingerly sits down in the UTV.

“All-righty! Here we go,” Steve says and they head to the buildings across the field at high speed.

Just as they bump through some uneven grass Steve starts, “Now, what are you up to…”

“Don't tell anyone OK? It's just a thing I do. Don't mention it.” Liz knows what he wants to talk about.

Steve laughs, “Who says I'm going to tell anyone?”

“To blackmail me, obviously,” She accuses him. She read about that online. Everyone is a victim of some scam or blackmail these days.

“What makes you think I’d do such a thing? What do you think of me? Damn!” He sounds upset now.

“You wouldn't!?” Liz looks fearful at the big man next to her.

“Indeed, I rather appeal to your sensibilities and offer you an insertable you'll also like.” He pats his crotch with a knowing smile.

Liz looks away feeling totally embarrassed, both for thinking he'll abuse his position over her and for his proposal. They bump over another uneven patch of grass and Liz grabs her stomach as if she's cramping up badly and clenches so hard that her sphincter hurts from squeezing on the thick stem.

“Stop stop stop!” Liz groans.

“You're alright?” Steve worriedly asks.

“Please STOP! Let me off! I can't hold it anymore,” Liz groans and jumps off the UTV before it can come to a complete stop. She stumbles onto her knees letting out a crackling fart and two balls are forced out, bulging her shorts.

Steve looks away and stares at the herd of sheep that's mulling about in the distance.

“Ohhhh, motherfuckingfuckfuckfuck!” Liz moans, “Don't look Steve. Oh god! Just! DON'T!”

She hurriedly undoes her shorts and bends down so her face is almost touching the ground. Mid-movement the massive toy slithers out and drops in the grass. Strings of mucus cover her thighs and shins.

Steve gets out of the UTV. He ignores her shame and squats in front of Liz, “Congratulations, it’s a boy…” He smirks.

Liz says nothing and quietly moans while staring at the ground. She’s trying to control her sphincter and stop her bowels from spasming. Steve pats her head, “You're so fucking cute today!”

“STEVE! FUCK! OFF! GO! AWAY! I’LL WALK!” She grumbles while swinging her arm like he’s an annoying insect. She's too embarrassed to even look at him.

“Sure thing Lizzie, see you later.” He smirks as he glances at the massive black toy in the grass, shakes his head, and gets in the UTV and drives away. Leaving Liz to deal with her woes.

#### 3 - That's a wrap

Several weeks pass, Steve doesn't mention the field incident at all. Not that he has much chance since Liz avoids him like the plague. Gilbert and Patrick seem none-the-wiser, so maybe he didn't tell anyone. Liz is still not happy though, this is her super private secret. Nobody is supposed to know.

When she's working in the barn, Steve sneaks up behind her and whispers in her ear, “I need to talk to you…”

Liz doesn’t notice him at all and lets out a little surprised scream. “Oh! Fuck you! Don't scare me like that!”

“Sorry,” he leans on the workbench. “What are you doing?”

“I'm fixing the plastic spooler.”

“From the compacting machine?”

“Mmmhm!” Liz confirms.

“I didn't know it was broken.”

“It, ehh, I just felt like doing some maintenance.”

Steve sounds doubtful, “Uh-huh…” Why would a steel rod that holds a roll of plastic ever need maintenance?

In actuality, Liz is adjusting the bolt and springs that control the pull strength of the plastic wrap. A preparation for tonight. She visited a weirdo Japanese porn site and the guy running it built a plastic wrapping machine to wrap his girlfriend to a board, rendering her completely immobile. Liz got it in her head that she can wrap herself with the wool compactor to achieve something similar. She has never done any kind of bondage before, but she can't get the picture of the girl out of her head and wants to try it.

Steve starts, “So uh, about two weeks ago…”

“I don't want to talk about it!” Liz resolutely shuts him down.

“But it's hot. I didn't know you're into that stuff,” He tells her.

“You're not supposed to know. Please forget it.”

“What if I want to play along with you?”

“Why? You want a thing up your ass? You're one of those guys?” Liz smirks, trying to silence him.

“No! Quite the opposite. I want you, and stick things into you. You know how much I like you,” He blurts out.

Now Liz is the one who's silent. She actually has no idea how much Steve likes her.

“Ok, but you're not my boyfriend,” She puts him down and finishes with the spooler.

By her estimation it now easily wraps plastic around something small like herself, without pulling too hard. She's excited and wants to try it to see if it needs more adjusting, but Steve is in the way.

“Yeah, well, Gilbert quite likes me. I'm sure he doesn't mind if we get a bit more intimate. If he has to know at all,” Steve tries.

“C'mon then Steve…” Liz coyly sticks her butt out at him, arching her back. “Want a piece of ass?”

“Oh hell yes!” His eyes light up.

“Then earn it!”

“Lizzie! I'm serious. Can you take this seriously?” Steve starts to sound a bit frustrated now. He really likes the girl, and feels like she’s making fun of him.

Liz sighs, “Look Steve, you're a nice guy. As a co-worker, maybe a friend. But if you want more, you’ll have to make me fall in love with you or something.”

She then walks away from the workbench while pictures of him pushing dildos into her flood her thoughts. ‘Oh my god, what am I thinking? Liz! You don’t even like this guy. Pervert!'

She re-assembles the plastic spooler and sets it up for tonight and flees to her bungalow so she can be alone. She doesn't see Steve, or anyone, for the rest of the day.

When it’s about 11pm, Liz enters the barn again. The compacting machine is where she left it and the spooler is in the position it got put in that afternoon. Feeling super naughty Liz undresses and drops her shorts and shirt on a nearby barrel. Stepping closer to the machine she leaves her panties and bra on the floor and steps up onto the flat surface where a block of wool normally would be after it gets compacted.

Liz stands on the surface for a few seconds considering what she's about to do. Before she can chicken out she kicks at the button to activate the machine, hitting it with her big toe. With a hum the machine starts and seconds later with a whirring sound the spool starts rotating around Liz. After a few rotations the plastic wrap catches on her legs and nearly pulls them out from under her. Just as she catches her balance the machine already has four windings around her shins and the plastic slowly creeps up her body. So far so good.

She holds her left arm along her side and lets it get caught in the plastic. Then a sort of shudder goes through the machine and Liz almost loses her balance again. When she corrects her stance, her other arm gets caught in the plastic as well and before Liz can lift it two windings fuse it to the small of her back.

"Oh no… Fuck fuck fuck! No!" Liz tugs on her arm, but it's stuck.

She helplessly watches as the plastic wrap sneaks up to her neck and the spool starts to sink down again until it reaches her ankles. And back up it goes.

She also forgot to set a limit on the layering. A normal wool cube is about her height, and also as wide and deep. It normally gets wrapped in about three to four layers, meaning it uses around 35 to 40 meters of plastic wrap per cube. Liz is of-course much much smaller than a cube of compressed wool so that 35-ish meters goes around tiny her. Fifteen and a half layers to be exact. When the machine finally stops at thigh height, the knife snips down and the platform tilts so a wool cube can slide off to the floor. For Liz it means she loses her balance and falls off of the machine. With a scream and a loud oof she lands on some empty feed sacks. Another thing she didn't plan on happening.

With a dull *whomp* and a squeal Liz lands behind the machine as it goes into idle mode, waiting for sufficient weight to be placed on the wrapping area to continue wrapping things. An eerie quiet fills the barn.

‘Now what? You stupid retard. Fucking hell!' Liz curses in her head and struggles in her plastic cocoon and gets all sweaty and hot. She can barely move anything, certainly not her arms or hands. Soon her head is red from exerting herself.

Her efforts are for nothing, she's stuck and can't get out without help.

#### 4 - Patrick

At dawn, Patrick finds her clothes. “Well, well, what do we have here?”

He gawks at the cutesy little sheep printed on the cotton shorts and nightshirt that are on the barrel near the door. Footsteps come closer. “Panties too?” He smirks. He collects the soft pink garment along with a bra.

At first Liz considers staying quiet and not being discovered, but what can she do on her own? Liz has been fighting her bonds for hours and didn't make any progress.

“Help! Here! Let me out!” She hushes at Patrick, hoping Gilbert, or anyone else, is far far far away.

“Where? Lizzie?” He sounds surprised.

Patrick steps around the machine and lets out a gasp, “Oh, I see…”

He sniggers, which turns into a laugh. And moments later he’s laughing so hard he has to hold his stomach and wipe tears from his eyes.

“PATRICK!” Liz calls out to him. “Not funny!”

“Oh, but it is,” He assures her with the biggest grin she ever saw.

He quickly gets all serious and squats down next to her head and looks down on Liz. He strokes her sweaty cheek. “So? How long have you been here? What were you thinking?”

Liz urges him to help her, “All night… Please not now, Gilbert, or Steve, they can see me…”

“Yeah yeah, I get it. I'll keep your secret. But you owe me big time. Understand?” He can't help but laugh again as he looks at her.

“Yes, yes, whatever, anything. Just don't let anyone find out!” Liz hastily agrees.

Patrick says nothing further and picks up her cocooned body and puts her in a wheelbarrow. Her head sticking out over one side, where the handles are, and her feet at the other end. He quickly brings her home and hauls her inside. In the living-room he drops Liz on the floor and turns on the air conditioner.

“PATRIIHICK! Let me out please!?” Liz whines at him.

Patrick laughs again, “No no lizzie, you're mine for today. I'll think about what to do with you. In the meantime I'll tell the others you're not feeling well. Enjoy!”

“Patrick? Puleahease!” Liz pleads with him. But he doesn't listen. Before she can argue any more he is gone and locks the door behind him. She's now a prisoner in her own home.

‘What the fuck!?' Is all Liz can think at first.

“Hey Patrick! Good morning. Seen Lizzie around? Looks like she left her shirt in the barn.” Steve calls out across the yard.

“Oh, just checked. She's not feeling too good. Women's trouble. She went back to sleep,” He shouts back.

‘Yea great, now everyone in the county knows. Shut up morons!' Liz thinks as she hears the loud interaction across the yard. She considers screaming for help, but really doesn't want more people involved.

The men go about their work and Liz is abandoned in her living-room. She's struggling and works up a sweat as time crawls past. Eventually the door opens and Patrick steps inside.

“Finally! For fucks sake! Stop screwing around and let me free!” Liz curses at him.

“I'm gonna. Got a knife?” Patrick came to his senses and reasoned that having a wrapped up cutie under his control isn't much fun after-all. So he decided to let her free without further delay. Liz directs him to where she keeps scissors and 20 minutes later she sits naked in a pile of cut plastic. She has her legs pulled up so her knees touch her chin and her arms wrapped around them in an attempt to hide her modesty from her co-worker.

Patrick doesn't want to leave her side and just stares at her slender naked body. He quietly says, “You're so small. Your waist, damn…”

“Fuck you! Get out so I can clean up.”

“Geez, is that my thanks?” Patrick mutters. But he leaves the room and rummages through her fridge.

Liz quickly jumps into the bathroom and takes a quick shower. When she enters the kitchen 20 minutes later Patrick is sitting at her table eating ham and cheese sandwiches.

“Here, eat something,” He offers her. They awkwardly have lunch together.

“Liz! Next time tell me if you're going to do something like this. I'll help you,” He quietly offers.

“Why, what do you care what I do?”

He confesses his feelings, “I like you Lizzie, always have. You’re so fun, and you have amazing eyes.”

“Oh…” Liz has no good answer for that. She never really noticed him like that.

“Just ‘oh'? C'mon girl, if it weren't for you I wouldn't want to work here.”

“Wha?” Her cheeks flush red, “Really?”

Patrick elaborates, “Really! And seeing you're a kinky weirdo makes me happy. We should do stuff like that together.”

“I see,” Liz doesn't know what to say and thinks that everyone around her is a pervert.

“You're not into me then?” He wonders.

“I ehh, never really thought of you that way,” She truthfully admits.

Liz is always pre-occupied with herself. She doesn't have time for men. Besides, she considers Gilbert to be way cooler. Hell, even idiot Steve is more her type.

Patrick flexes his arms like a bodybuilder. “Ah? Ah?” He makes an expecting noise while striking a pose. Liz can't help but laugh and chokes on her sandwich.

‘He is kinda funny I suppose.'

“Well, think about it. You don't have to love me, we can simply be fuckbuddies, you know, as friends.”

Patrick is not a difficult man, any chance to get Liz is fine with him. He'll work on the love part when he has her in his bed.

She starts to say, “Actually I want a man to rough me…” But then interrupts herself and shyly stares at her lunch. She almost confessed to wanting a strong man to take charge of her.

Patrick looks curiously at the cute woman. As if he knows what she almost admitted to and knows exactly what she's thinking. It's unnerving.

Then his phone rings, “Oh hey Gilbert. What's up.”

“…”

“I'll be right there. Yes! I'll take the truck.”

“…”

“Yeah, 25 minutes, tops! Stay there.”

He gets up and hurries out the door without another word.

Liz stares blankly at Patrick's half eaten lunch. ‘Patrick and I, fuckbuddies? Yeah, right! Not gonna happen.' But Liz gets aroused just thinking about it all the same. Not so much because he's Patrick. Patrick is a moron. But more-so the idea of having someone to share her fantasies with.

#### 5 - Fuckbuddies

That night Patrick returns. He doesn't knock on her door, instead he just walks in. Just as Liz gets out of the bathroom she spots him entering from the kitchen.

“Patrick! What the fuck? What are you doing here?”

“Quiet you, and sit down!” He commands her.

Liz shuts up and sits on her couch. Wondering what has gotten into her co-worker.

“Look, I've been thinking, I want to be with you. If you can't make up your mind, I will make the choice for you!” He tells her.

“Ehh, what choice?” She mumbles.

“Of having a play friend. Plus, you owe me… Just give it a chance.”

“But I don't… I mean, I'm way too, ehh, busy,” Liz stammers. “And besides, I'm not at all into you,” Her voice trails away as she realizes she's not at all sounding convincing.

“You'll be mine Liz! You know you want it! If you don't make up your mind by morning I'll make you see things my way.” Patrick confidently tells her and he walks out of the house, leaving Liz alone.

‘What the hell?!' Liz sits stunned for a few moments but a sudden urge comes over her and she jumps up and runs after him. Catching up with Patrick in front of the barn she grabs his arm, lifting to her tiptoes to whisper in his ear but she can’t reach.

“Just… be strong and manly!” She hushes at him.

“Yes ma'am.” He simply says. Moments later they're inside the barn. Her legs are wrapped around his hips and he thrusts into her as he presses her up against a stack of hay bales.

That night Liz stays with Patrick in his room. He binds her wrists and ankles together and makes love to her helpless body until the early morning. When he's finally done with her it's past 4am and they sleep in each other's arms until his alarm clock wakes them at 6am.

‘Oh, my, god. Patrick, is, an, amazing, lover!' Liz never thought sex could be this enjoyable. That doesn't mean anything since Patrick is her second sexual partner in her life, and she doesn’t even remember the first.

Meanwhile Steve is in the room downstairs. He hears the lovemaking and sighs at hearing the muffled moans, her giggles and squeals and the seemingly endless creaking of the bed. He presses his pillow against his ears to drown out the noise.

In the morning Patrick feeds Liz a bottle of water and leaves her alone in his room, she remains tied up. Liz sleeps through most of the morning and feels bored all afternoon. She spends hours wondering what has gotten into her. Watching the sunlight creep along the wall Liz waits for Patrick to return. She's scared to get out of bed with her ankles tied together. The stairs going down are very steep. Not to mention, she doesn't know where her clothes are. Her shorts are in the barn somewhere? Maybe? Her shirt somewhere in the room? Who knows.

Gilbert and Steve both curse Patrick for his tardiness that day. He overslept, so he drives the UTV through a ditch and gets stuck like a moron. He's slow to close the gate and some sheep almost run away. He is distracted like never before. Steve is extra upset because Patrick pulled off the impossible by getting Liz to sleep with him.

At the end of the day Patrick returns and he and Liz spend the night together again. He makes noodles for dinner for them both and after being lazy on his couch for a bit he makes love to her again. She's pinned down on her stomach and he forces himself on her taking her anal ‘virginity'.

Liz is 22 and has been doing anal for ten years. But she never had a man do it to her. She thinks it's quite amazing! His forceful thrusts make her gasp and moan. The wet spurting sensation of his semen shooting into her rectum feels heavenly. And when he's finally done he pushes a big fat plug into her ass. Shortly after, Patrick falls asleep and Liz contemplates her decision making over the past few days.

She thinks the plastic wrap idea was hot, but stupid. She also considers that hooking up with Patrick was kinda fun, but stupid. Liz has no feelings for Patrick. Oh no, this is for no other reason than her selfish desire to feel fulfilled. She thinks she's being super shallow and a slut.

‘And why does he have a buttplug? Did he steal one of mine?' She doesn't care enough to ask. But Liz does enjoy his control over her body for the time being. Her only wish being that she could do this with someone she actually loves.

When they both resurface the next morning, Liz speaks to Gilbert for the first time in two days. Patrick quickly disappears to the large pasture to avoid talking to anyone and goes mind the sheep. Steve ignores her, he won't even wish her good morning. He can’t stand her hooking up with Patrick and is super jealous.

Gilbert is none-the-wiser and is glad that Liz feels better again, he tells her that it's almost time to shave the herd. An activity that Liz usually enjoys because she gets to be extra close with the animals. Gilbert seems to be genuinely interested in her wellbeing and wants to know how she's feeling, if she’s happy, how she likes the farm. And finally, he asks what happened to the plastic wrap and why so much of it is in the trash.

Liz just shrugs and avoids answering. Clenching her butt around the butt plug feeling naughty. Patrick told her to keep the plug inside at least until lunch. But, if she can manage, to not take it out until he removes it. She tries really hard to not expel the intruder in her butt, wearing extra tight shorts just so she can complete her given task. When Patrick returns to the yard and catches her in his arms near the pasture gate he feels around Liz's butt, pushing on the flared base that is slightly visible through her shorts.

She moans quietly at his attentions and grasps for his crotch, “Come, let’s fuck…” She tries to be sexy and seductive, but instead comes off sounding like a wanton slut.

He frowns at Liz, “Tempting. But… duty calls.”

She meekly answers, “Yes Patrick. Then tonight?”

“Maybe, we’ll see…” He holds off on another wild night.

His refusal makes Liz feel cheap and undesired and he smirks at her disappointment, enjoying the sway he has over her.

#### 6 - Steve

It's been over a month. Patrick and Liz have been openly flirty with each other for a while now. Liz is not sure that their employer approves, but Patrick doesn't seem to care what people think. One time Gilbert saw them coming from Patrick's quarters in the morning but he didn't say anything. Maybe he didn't realize she spent the night in the boys house.

Steve notices every night though, he's jealous as hell. Liz, as always, remains largely ignorant to the men around her. Even more now that Patrick hovers around her like a possessive moron.

Today they finish with shaving sheep. The four of them have been busy with it for the last two weeks. Shaving almost 4300 sheep with electric clippers is a big task. Steve and Patrick did most of the shearing, Liz and Gilbert herded sheep to the guys and cleaned up around them. Their hard work paid off and the back of the barn is full of fluffy material crammed into big cubes. Most of the wool is compressed and wrapped up with the compacting machine and is ready to be picked up. The first trucks will come for it in a few days. It's a good haul this time, Gilbert assured his employees.

Steve catches Liz alone in the barn where she is rolling around in the leftover loose wool. She's all giggly because of how fluffy and soft it feels. Steve watches her for a few moments and when Liz lies on her back catching her breath he throws a big wad on top of her.

“Hey!” Liz giggles in surprise.

“Sup girl, having fun?” Steve leans on his shoulder against a roof support.

Liz sits up, taking deep breaths from exerting herself, “Oh yes! It's so nice and soft!”

“Dirty too, you know sheep fleece is full of shit and mud and whatever else comes off, right?” He wonders.

“Ehh…” Liz didn't think of that at all. She has been frolicking in the stuff for years.

“Yeah! The brown is not the sheep's color, you dummy…”

She scrambles from the pile she was sitting in and Steve glances at her, noticing the lumpy shape in her butt-crack.

“Well that sure lost its appeal,” Liz mumbles, looking at the wool with a saddened look.

“Yeah, well.” Steve, who is behind her, then smirks, “At least you have your toy to cheer you up.”

Her head goes red, “Wha?”

“This thing,” He smacks her butt, pushing the plug in deeper.

Liz lets out a squeal and looks disturbed at him. “Steve, don't!”

“Yeah yeah, I know. No touchy, you're with Patrick,” He sounds so sad when he says it, Liz feels bad for him.

She stammers, “Eh… Yes!” But that's not entirely what she meant. “It's just sex though…”

Steve ‘hmms', “So you're kinda available then?” He sounds hopeful.

“I guess,” She whispers, “For a real lover…”

Steve quietly rejoices and casually asks after a while, “Four centimeters is enough for you?”

“What do you mean?” She wonders.

“Mine's bigger. If you care about that,” Steve offers.

She thinks that he's saying his penis is bigger and Liz admits, “Yes, ehh… bigger is, is always better.”

“I see,” Steve grins.

“My plug is always bigger though,” She then quietly informs him. Still with her back to him she thinks, 'What the hell are we even talking about?!'

Steve ‘hmms' again, considering his next move, “So wear that while we make love… After we come back from dinner… I mean, when we go for a drink. You know? Or we can go for a walk.”

Liz can't help but smile at his clumsy attempt to ask her out. Now it makes sense.

“Oh hell, why not,” She agrees. The lure of a bigger dick caught her curiosity. She looks to the side and from the corner of her eye she notices Steve's bulging jeans.

‘He really has a big dick huh?' Liz catches her own thoughts and wonders why she can't be satisfied with anything.

Steve meanwhile can barely contain his excitement. Liz finally agreed to a date and didn't reject his suggestion to have sex. Finally he has beaten Patrick!

“Beer? My place?” Liz offers.

He accepts, “Sure…”

They drink the evening away in the little area behind Liz's bungalow, moving inside when it gets a bit chilly. In her drunken state she was dumb enough to not be impressed by Steve bragging about his enormous penis. Making fun of his five centimeters thickness. She then mocked his attempts to be friendly with her as desperate and foolish.

Not to be made fun of, he insists that she shows him a penis or dildo that will impress her. This is of-course the six centimeter, six ball, monstrosity she lost in the field several months ago.

“Oh yes. That thing,” He stares at the oversized toy Liz is holding and he makes his drunken demand, “Show me how you use it.”

“Steve!” Her head flushes red with embarrassment, she's not drunk enough to be that uninhibited for another man.

“Yeah, come on!” He commands, “On your knees, all the way in.”

Steve looks expectantly at Liz from her couch and she tries to think of an escape. Unfortunately she can't come up with a good excuse other than common decency. After a moment's hesitation her perverted excitement mixed with being a bit drunk wins and she undresses with a trembling body and kneels in front of the couch facing away from Steve. With a little spit and not too much effort the first three balls disappear inside of her.

Steve mumbles his praise, “Ohh fuck me, that's hot!”

After some pushing and a pained grunt the fourth ball slips inside and Liz is at her limit. Some more pushing, but she feels the urge to expel the toy and it won't go deeper.

“Steve! It doesn't fit today, too tight,” She whimpers at him.

“You're sure?” He sounds doubtful.

“Yes! I'll use the smaller one if you want,”

“Smaller? You have more of them?” Steve wonders, but quickly reasserts himself, “Sure, but first, grab your ankles and don't move ‘till I get back,” Steve drawls and walks out of her house.

Liz obeys and feels confused as she waits for him with her butt sticking up in the air, her head on the floor. The half inserted sex toy is obscenely dangling out of her.

‘God I'm so terribly exposed. What if someone sees me?' Her head turns red with shame at the mere thought. She feels stupid but horny.

When Steve returns he's carrying a spool of fencing wire, a pair of pliers and some other tool Liz doesn't recognize. He sits back down and Liz is allowed to remove the toy and get something that fits. She gingerly pulls out the balls and goes to find the smaller variant. Playing it safe, she chooses the four centimeter version. When Liz returns to the living room she has to insert the toy. When it's fully inside, only a little silicone loop sticks out of her butt and Steve nods his approval.

“I'm going to make something for you from this wire. OK?” He gently tugs on the little loop sticking out of her, screwing with her mind. Liz is extremely horny because of them ‘sharing’ in her kinks.

Liz moans and thinks, ‘Maybe he isn't as drunk as he makes it look?'

With a light slap on her butt he sits back and gives his next instruction, “Stand up Liz, spread your legs.”

She complies without a word and over the next fifteen minutes Steve fashions a sort of pair of panties with the wire. She looks on with fascination as a few windings of the four millimeters thick metal go around her hips, shaped snugly to her body. A few strands go between her buttcrack, looping around the stem sticking out of Liz's ass and curling through the loop at the end. Then further to the front, left and right of her vagina lips and up to her belly where he connects the wire to the metal encircling her hips. He finishes off the sharp edges with the other tool he brought, which is a crimping tool. It squeezes the ends of the wire together inside a little plastic sleeve.

‘I'm going to need a heavy duty bolt cutter to get out of this.' Liz thinks with worry.

When her ‘panties' are done she tugs on the metal around her but it’s on tight. Steve isn't finished yet though. He stares at her with lust in his eyes and explains the next part of his plan, “Now, this is pretty exciting for you I'm sure. Right?”

Liz nods and just ‘mmhm’s’, she's completely entranced by what he's doing.

“I want you entirely under my control. Agreed?”

She stammers, “Ehm…”

Liz can't help but notice that his breath strongly smells of alcohol. Maybe he is a high functioning drunk?

Without waiting for her consent Steve gets back to work and spends another hour creating a wire harness around her torso. He always wanted to try something like it, and since Liz doesn’t refuse she’ll be part of his experiment. Wire snugly encircles her breasts at the base causing them to bulge out. More wires go around her neck, waist and sides. It snakes over her shoulders and criss-crosses her back until her entire torso is covered in a net of iron. It's as if she's wrapped in a grid-like mesh with mere centimeters for gaps. The whole thing is shaped to her body and Steve has crimped and twisted strands together everywhere so it's snug all around.

Liz watches with horny fascination at Steve, who is super focused. An invisible force squeezes her throat and she can't utter a word other than small whimpers, moans and grunts or, “oh, that's tight.”

Steve then makes two loops and fashions those around her wrists, trapping them on the small of her back. And finally, he adds two more loops just above her elbows, pinning her arms to her back. Her arms are now more or less vertical behind her. Not very comfortable. And to make matters worse, her entire upper body is now rigidly held straight.

Of-course each wire on its own is not very strong. Normally Liz can easily bend the material. But dozens of wires together makes for a very strong, inescapable cage-like prison.

He steps back and admires his handiwork. It looks just like he envisioned it in his head. then announces, “There, all done! What do you think?”

Liz can only think that she's lucky to have movement in her legs. “Steve… I… Eh… It's weird… And scary…”

She can't form words for what is happening. This is so intense and new and scary and exciting, she is completely under his spell. He grins at his captive, feeling he has outdone Patrick and stole her from him. He steps forward and grabs her head in both hands and kisses her. Liz answers his kiss with an eagerness neither of them expected.

#### 7 - Embarrassment

Steve energetically walks out of the room and soon returns with a pair of her shoes. He makes her step into the sneakers and laces them up. Since Liz seems into what he’s forcing on her, he’ll move right on with his other fantasy, which is to lead a helpless woman around on a bit of a stroll around the area.

“Let's go for a walk!”

Liz takes rapid excited breaths flaring her nostrils, and flexes against the iron around her. It's the weirdest feeling. When she breathes in deeply her body presses against the wire. It prevents her from inhaling fully. Liz already feels super restricted and it scares her.

She manages to stammer, “A… A walk? I can barely move anything. Steve? Where to? What if Patrick, or Gilbert, finds out.”

“Oh don't worry about those idiots, it's almost 2am.” He sounds re-assuring.

But Liz doesn’t share his confidence, “I don't know Steve, I'm scared.”

'Gilbert is not an idiot… And everyone will find out for sure!' She thinks feeling upset with his words.

Steve ignores her concern and tells her to not make a sound, then nobody will find out.

Liz says nothing more. The thought of discovery rages through her head, but Steve is in control now and Liz can only follow. She's so frightened it prevents her from forming words to make her unwillingness known. A whole new dimension of kink has opened to Liz and part of her is curious to find out what Steve is up to. Another part of her is terrified of him and wonders how she lost control so badly.

He steps outside into the cold night air and tugs Liz along with his finger hooked behind a piece of wire below her breasts. He doesn’t even have to put any strength into controlling Liz, she’s powerless to do anything against him.

The moon is out and lights up the area. They head towards the main pasture and walk across it. Lucky for Liz they head away from where the others are sleeping. Unlucky for her, in the middle she trips over a small bump and lets out a squeal as she falls flat on her face into the not so soft grass. Steve can't contain himself and takes her there and then. He pulls her to her knees with both hands and thrusts roughly into his cute prisoner. Liz endures his assault and hears his grunting with trepidation. She never had sex so out in the open. She never felt this scared of being discovered and it ruins her fun. Actually, everything that is happening is super scary and weird to her.

Taking short shallow breaths she lets out stifled moans, and grunts along with Steve's thrusts. She feels the anal beads move inside of her, everything is weird. And Steve is very big. Much more so than Patrick. It hurts a little when he’s all the way inside. He then thrusts in with a forceful thrust and Liz almost orgasms. She’s so close. He thrusts in again, and just as she's about to have her moment he pulls out and with a final grunt something wet lands on her butt cheek and then nothing.

“Fucking hell Liz! You're super tight!” He makes the questionable compliment while he takes labored breaths as he plops down behind her helpless body and rolls on his back. He stares up at the sky with a stupid grin on his face, convinced Liz will be his forever.

Liz says nothing and waits for him to make her cum, but that doesn't seem to be going to happen. She thinks Steve is a terrible lover compared to Patrick. At least Patrick is gentle and takes care of her needs when they have sex.

“You're going to break up with Patrick,” he decides. “I'll move in with you so I can keep you all to myself forever!”

‘Yeah, how about not…' Liz thinks; she's not at all keen on this turn of events. She never agreed to being his plaything.

“Steve… I,” Liz starts to protest, but Steve is not paying attention to her and pulls her to her feet. He simply grabs the wire around her neck and lifts her up until she can support herself. The upward motion makes her aware of a trickle of wet running down her cheek.

“Steve? Let's talk about this,” Liz tries again, but he ignores her and pushes her along towards pasture two. He seems completely absorbed into his own world.

They close in on the herd of sheep. Now they have to keep quiet and move carefully so the sheep won't get spooked and make noises or run away. Liz firmly keeps her mouth shut and tries to not disturb any of the animals. At the other end of the field Steve uses the excess fence gate chain to keep her in place.

He simply pulls a few links behind a wire on her stomach and feeds the last chain link through another, pushing it sideways so it won't come off. It's a simple way of locking a chain onto itself, and since Liz can't reach anything she's hopelessly stuck.

“Stay! I'm going to tell Patrick you’re with me from now on and get more beer,” Steve instructs her with a smug look of determination on his face. He takes several photos of Liz with his phone and walks away, back the way they came.

“Steve?! Hey!? Come back!” She calls after him, but he again ignores her. Tonight took a weird turn, and not for the better. Liz doesn't know what to think other than that Steve is kind of an asshole. She's his property now? That's actually kinda hot, but also scary and unwanted.

‘And photos? Really?' Liz fumes at her vulnerable position and how he abuses his power over her. ‘Fucking asshole. Thinking he can just do whatever he wants…’

When he's gone for a few minutes Liz fidgets in her bonds and tries to remain calm. Her drunken excitement is completely gone and she wishes Steve would return and set her free, to end this ‘date'. But despite her doubts and fears, her vagina is dripping wet. Something else is dripping as well, but she doesn't really notice.

Having nothing else to do she fantasizes how controlling he would be if they were living together. But as it stands they're barely friends, and Liz doesn’t think she can live with, or even love, someone like Steve. He really showed his true colors tonight. And finally Liz thinks about Patrick, what will he think of her betrayal? Supposedly she's his girl, he thinks so anyway. 'We're all such a bunch of perverts.' Liz's thoughts are in turmoil and she feels she should choose one man. But she can't decide. If only she would have thought more about possible consequences. Liz kinda decides to pick neither man and go back to being a masturbating loner. She never had these doubts about anything when she was single.

Maybe she should find another farm to work on? Get a fresh start and try to be normal for once? But Gilbert is such a good boss and her little house is kinda nice too. What other farm will offer her that? Liz ponders her options and thoughts of escape fill her head while she waits for Steve.

Hours pass, slowly the night turns into day and all Liz can do is think and stand there like a farm animal. The chain is too short for her to sit down. The fence has too many rough edges to comfortably lean against it. And it’s quite chilly, a cold sweat covers her body causing her to shiver. She watches the sun come up. The first rays of light peeking over the horizon are quite beautiful.

From afar Liz watches someone enter the barn. Probably Gilbert. Then a large truck arrives and several men go back and forth with a forklift loading wool cubes. When the truck leaves Liz thinks to see Patrick leaving in a hurry. His car is speeding, leaving a cloud of dust as it races out the gate and to the left. Another person runs out of Steve and Patrick's bungalow and 20 minutes later an ambulance arrives.

‘What the hell is going on over there?’ Liz stands in the field filled with worry. ‘What if Steve doesn't come back? I’ll be here all day.'

When it's about 8am, Liz can pretty much tell time by the sun's position, the ambulance leaves and Gilbert drives around the yard with the UTV. He looks like he's searching for something. After driving across the yard and around the buildings he enters the pasture. Before he's halfway across the field he suddenly spots her and races towards poor Liz.

“Liz? Are you OK?” He shouts from a distance.

“Gilbert! NO!” Liz shouts back, “STAY AWAY!”

She doesn't want him to see her like this. Gilbert drives up to the gate and comes to a stop with skidding tires a few meters from Liz. Several sheep that are standing nearby scatter and run away scared, making noise. He can't help but stare at her naked, helpless body. Liz turns her back to him. She's never been this humiliated in her life.

“Liz! What happened!?” Gilbert sounds agitated and worried at the same time.

Gilbert is not stupid and he knows she's a kinky woman. He doesn't really know what she's into, but thinks it has been going on for years. He also knows she's been fucking Patrick lately and that he controls her in some way. Maybe Patrick is the real pervert and his cute farmhand is his victim? Gilbert quickly realizes Liz is in a real predicament, seeing the iron around her and no obvious way to release herself. All the wire is connected and twisted together really snug by the looks of it.

Gilbert decisively steps forward and lifts her face by her chin. “What the fuck Liz? Did you do this? Christ, you're covered in blood.”

Liz has a cut above her eye from falling earlier, a trickle of dried blood mixed with mud and bits of grass covers her cheek and right breast. She looks at him pleading for understanding with her eyes.

“Gilbert! Steve… he… I… Blood? Help me! Please?!” She cringes at Gilbert knowing her secret now too. One by one the world finds out. Liz is so out of it, so ready to disappear from the planet. She's not feeling cold anymore, she's sweating profusely at being discovered like this.

“Ehhh. Steve too?!” Gilbert sounds surprised as he fidgets with the chain. Undoing the link so it falls away. He doesn't say another word and grabs bolt cutters from the UTV and starts freeing his poor employee. Trying his hardest to ignore her nakedness.

“Jesus Christ, he really got you good,” He grunts as the bolt cutters snap through the 20th wire and the harness still shows no sign of coming off.

Liz says nothing and just looks dejectedly at the ground. She's absolutely mortified by current events.

“I thought you were with Patrick?” Gilbert inquires.

“I am, or was, but Steve… We were drunk, he did this,” Liz sounds defeated.

Gilbert mumbles, “Makes sense…”

‘No, it doesn't make sense. Nothing makes sense.' Liz thinks, and she just wants the earth to open up under her and make her disappear.

When the harness finally splits open and falls to the floor it takes the anal toy with it. Liz moans and her legs turn to jelly as it slithers out of her butt. The whole getup falls to the ground with a dull metallic clunk. Not saying a word to Gilbert alternates his view between staring at her and the toy on the ground. He tries to make up his mind about the things unfolding on his farm this morning but has no real words for it.

Liz stands there for a moment but then has an overwhelming urge to run away, and takes off. She sprints across the field towards her house as if her life depends on it.

“Liz! Hey! Wait up!” He shouts after her but it goes unheard.

Liz runs through the pasture, across the empty yard and straight into her house. In the livingroom the roll of wire is still there, and so is the crimping tool. The bigger ball toy is still on the rug. But no Steve. For the moment Liz doesn't care and kicks off her shoes and steps into the bathroom.

She looks horrified at herself in the mirror. Strands of grass along with a stripe of blood and dirt cover the side of her face. Her torso is covered in grime, blood and more bits of grass. Many reddish lines where the harness pinched her are visible. After a quick shower Liz sticks a big bandaid on her head and jumps into bed and hides from the world.

For three days Liz stays inside. Unable to face Gilbert, they only briefly talk through the open bedroom door about recent events. Liz just can't look at her employer without wanting to die of shame.

Gilbert seems understanding and doesn't judge. He tells her Steve got into a fight with Patrick. When he found out something was up, Patrick immediately made his escape and left the farm. Gilbert then found Steve unconscious; he is in the clinic in town with a broken jaw.

It takes Liz almost a week to overcome her shame and be somewhat normal around Gilbert. She never saw or heard from Steve and Patrick again. Once Gilbert understood the situation he had fired them both for fighting and threatened with the police if they ever showed their faces on or near his farm again.

He convinced Liz that she should stay with him for now. Which she does. Gilbert is so cool and understanding. She doesn’t understand why he’s like that.

#### 8 - Carl

“Ohhhh! Hoooooly hell! Ouch!” Tears fill her eyes and Liz groans as the massive buttplug plops into her ass and nestles uncomfortably. It's her latest bad decision, a seven centimeters wide bulb with a thick stem ending in a narrow flared base. It took her over two months of forceful pushing to be able to insert it! Liz overestimated her capabilities and ordered too large. But not to be deterred, she didn't order the smaller version this time. Instead she insisted on making it work.

Liz pushes with a ‘hnnnng' and grits her teeth while sitting on her knees, but the bulky plug remains firmly in place. One false move and her crotch will split in half. Or that’s how it feels at least. She tries sitting down on the shower floor as the hot water rains onto her.

“Ow ow ow… Fuuhuuuuuuck!” Liz howls at the sharp pain and quickly gets on her feet and squats down. The added pressure of her weight is unbearable.

After a few moments Liz manages to remove the plug, catching it as it comes out. She immediately pushes it back in. With great effort it plops back inside. She repeats the process a few times, but really can't stand the feeling. With her mission completed for now, she’s not at all happy with the result.

Liz looks up and around her shower cabin. She's looking for a more reasonably sized plug to wear for the day, not noticing the red streak of blood flowing down the drain. She rejects the big dildo in the corner. A smaller pink plug that's in the soap tray? Nah, too small. The one resting on the hot and cold knobs then?

Hmm, nope! She turns off the water and dries herself, trying to hold the larger plug inside, but as she bends over to dry her legs she can't help but groan and the massive toy falls out. It lands with a dull *thwack* on the floor splattering blood over her feet and leaving a drippy trail as it rolls to the side. Liz stares wide eyed at the mess.

“HUAGHHH!” Liz screams and she squats down almost slamming her forehead into the sink, missing it by mere millimeters. Feeling dizzy for a second as she reaches around with both arms, Liz frantically feels around her butt to see where the injury is. Stroking around her sphincter with a finger yields no results. However, sticking a finger in her butt immediately coats it with blood.

“Oh shit shit, motherfuck, god damn!” Liz calls out and panicky stares at her finger. Her eyes are wide with fear. She never had any injury from anal sex and has no idea what this means or how serious it is.

A loud knock on her front door interrupts her woes and Gilbert's voice comes through the door, “Liz? Are you awake? Someone here to see you.”

“Eh? Who is it?” She yells back, her eyes remain fixated on her bloody fingers.

“I don't know, some guy named Carl. He says you're friends.”

“I don't know any Carl!”

“Well, just come out and meet him. He's waiting at the pasture gate. And, just get out here. It's time for work,” Gilbert sounds impatient.

Liz sighs and cleans up. She then gets dressed and can't stop herself from clenching her butt constantly to not leak blood through. Even though the bleeding is not nearly as bad as she thinks and nothing would seep out.

Just as she steps out of her front door into the fresh morning air another wave of dizziness hits her. Just for a second. Stumbling for a few steps she re-asserts herself and goes looking for the mystery guest.

Wearing skinny jeans and a blouse in a blocky pattern. Her boots cover her jeans and go halfway up her shins. Liz imagines she looks like quite the cowgirl when she walks towards the sheep pasture and sees a broad shouldered man lean on the fence. He's looking at the sheep mulling around. Certainly not a friend or someone she knows. Liz looks nervously around to see where Gilbert is, but he's out of sight.

“And who might you be?” Liz unkindly greets him from a few meters away.

The man turns around and looks her up and down with visible appreciation. This chick looks just like in the pictures Steve had shown him. Tiny, cute, young looking with a hint of a brat. All things he likes in a girlfriend.

Liz may have long forgotten about any photos Steve took of her, but Steve didn't. He showed her bound helpless body, along with some more decent pics of her frolicking around to Carl. The men met in a bar and when the topic of the difficulty with meeting kinky girls came up Steve recommended that Carl should seek out Liz.

“I, ehh, my name is Carl Boone. Pleased to meet you.” He holds out his hand to shake hers.

Liz ignores his gesture and instead grasps at the fence to balance herself. A nauseating wave of dizziness overwhelms her.

“You knew a man named Steve, right? He used to work here,” He sounds apologetic.

“I ehh…” Her head is swimming and all energy drains from her body.

“Hey, you're OK?” Carl steps forward to catch Liz as she looks like she's about to fall over.

“That fucking bastard,” Liz gasps, and steadies herself on Carl's arm. She hates Steve so much, how dare he hook her up with some guy, or whatever this is.

“I'm sorry, what?” Carl looks confused.

Liz looks up at Carl and with all her strength she musters a sentence. “Nothing. What do you want from me?”

“I know this is unexpected and perhaps brazen. But I would like to apply for a job here. And I understand you're single? So am I… Perhaps we can come to some kind of understanding,” Carl explains all businesslike.

He steps forward and supports Liz a couple of meters to the right. There is a bucket in the grass and he kicks it upside down so she can sit. She flinches when her butt touches the bucket, a stinging pain shoots through her crotch but it immediately subsides as her weight settles. Liz looks straight ahead and she lets out a weak sigh. His bulging crotch is right in front of her face, hidden only by his jeans. Then her eyes wander up and she sees him curiously look down. He has kind eyes.

“Can you believe me if I say that I'm very keen to know everything about you?”

“Gilbert does the hiring. Talk to him.” Liz is so not in the mood for this bullshit. She stares at the sheep in the pasture, wishing she was one of the animals. Carefree and with an empty mind.

He hunkers down in front of her so their faces are at the same height.

“Steve told me about you and suggested that we meet. He thinks we'd be a good match. But I sense nothing but hostility instead. Not quite what I expected,” Carl says.

“Suppose I'm not all that interested in meeting new people then. Especially not anyone sent by him.”

She sighs and starts to get up, but her vision blacks out and an intense dizziness overwhelms her again. Her last thought is something along the lines of ‘Fuck what is wrong with me,' and Liz falls forward into Carl's arms. She's unconscious before he can catch her.

When Liz wakes up she's on the couch in her livingroom, Gilbert sits on his knees next to her. A magazine flaps back and forth inches from her nose. He looks super worried. Carl watches from the door where he leans against the doorframe.

“Oh finally,” Gilbert whispers. Obvious relief on his face and he squeezes her hand.

“Hey cutie,” Liz whispers with a smile, she stares at Gilbert who is hovering over her. In her moment of weakness she thinks that he looks incredibly handsome.

“What?” Gilbert stares back at her and strokes her cheek, “You passed out Liz, how do you feel?”

“I'm so tired… So so fucking tired. And my butt hurts,” She quietly informs him.

“I'll come back some other time if that's OK,” Carl announces.

“Carl, check on the sheep if you will. Use the UTV. Make sure they have water and that the gate is shut,” Gilbert asks him.

Without a word Carl steps out and moments later the UTV is heard driving away.

Gilbert assures Liz, “Don't move ok? The doctor is on his way.”

She groans but remains horizontal. “Who is he?” Liz wonders a few moments later.

“I don't know, he said he knows you.”

“Oh…” Liz tries to sit up but her head hurts. What a shitty day.

“Hey hey hey! Don't move!” Gilbert urges her. “You don't know him?”

“He knows Steve. Steve sent him.” She groans and feels woozy again.

#### 9 - Mandatory rest

The doctor arrives. A quick examination determined she has a severe mineral deficiency, just looking at her hair and nails was a big tell. When the doctor heard about her eating habits he came to his conclusions. He’ll do a blood test to be sure, but her appearance tells him plenty. Liz is a slob and needs to take better care of herself.

The problem probably came to light because of recent stress. Following Liz her vague complaint about 'pain inside her butt' he did another examination. This one very embarrassingly so, the conclusion being that she has a rectal tear from overstretching.

This amounts to a small cut right inside of her sphincter but overall is of little concern.

Liz had heard the verdict on her health while still reeling from practically getting fingered by a stranger, and thinks it's all pulled out of proportion. Gilbert doesn't think so and takes her condition very seriously. He promises the doctor to get her healthy again and together with the physician it is decided that Liz goes on a diet so she eats more vegetables, meat and eggs. He'll see to that.

The tear will heal on its own without treatment, but only if she stops doing anal for a while.

That afternoon she already can't stand it. No anal for at least a week? What a drag. And eat vegetables? Eww! Liz curses her body and wants to eat her noodles and cornflakes. Oh, and cheese sandwiches, she likes those too.

Gilbert is in a bit of a bind. He can't run the business alone. It's a two person operation at the very minimum, and with Liz out of the picture he sees no other option but to hire Carl for two months with the option to extend. Carl graciously accepts as that was partly why he showed up in the first place. And he promises to visit Liz every chance he gets to keep her company when he's not needed on the farm. A good chance to cozy up with her.

It's been three days since Liz has been confined to her home and Carl has been trying to make friends with her since he arrived. He thinks Liz is super cute, but also that she should show more interest in him. So far he has had little success.

“So? Trying to kill yourself?” He smirks, trying yet another angle to get her to pay attention to him. He reads the labels on the many vitamin and supplement jars Gilbert had bought for her.

“Oh fuck off,” Liz grumbles. She doesn't want another lecture.

“I'm serious Liz. Bossman told me you eat no vegetables?”

“I eat cheese and bread!” She defends herself.

“Those are not vegetables. What about a good salad or some beans? When did you last have that?”

“I ehh… I don't remember. Besides, CORNflakes is a vegetable!”

He clicks his tongue in a disapproving manner.

“No wonder you're so skinny. And look at you now, how will you play with your toys if you can't even sit up?”

Liz glares angrily at him and he laughs at her.

“I bet everyone knows your ‘secret' Liz.” He air-quotes ‘secret’.

“Yea? What's that? What's my secret?” She dares him.

“Your house is littered with it,” He flatly states. “Obviously you’re a lonely dork with too many sex toys.”

She stares at him with her mouth agape, unable to form a response. He thinks it looks cute and goofy and laughs again.

“You're so cute like this,” He appreciates her. “But seriously, there's nothing to it really. Steve told me you’re into anal sex and bondage, and seeing there are dildos are all over the place makes it all clear. You never have friends over?”

“I live on this damned farm. I have no friends! And I’m not into bondage!” Liz stammers.

He ‘hmms' and says nothing for a moment.

“Well, I’ll be your friend,” he finally offers.

“So you can be an insertable I will like?” She sneers at him, remembering Steve's lame attempts to seduce her.

He rolls his eyes, “Don't be some damned hostile Liz. I'm just trying to be friendly!”

Liz snaps back at him, “Yeah? Well, the last time I cozied up to someone it didn't end too well.”

“Fine, have it your way. You know where to find me if you want some company.” He gives up for the day and walks out without another word.

“Asshole! Just leave me alone!” She yells after him but immediately feels tired from the exertion and her voice dies down.

"Angry bitch!" Carl yells back through the front door and slams it shut. On his way to his bungalow he spots Gilbert and heads that way instead.

“Hey Boss. Liz really needs to work on her attitude. Is she always this hostile?”

“Oh? I’m sorry to hear that. I'll talk to her,” Gilbert offers. He doesn't want another conflict on his farm. “But keep in mind she's been going through some tough times recently. I think she could really do with a friend other than me though.”

“I get that, but damn… Maybe I'll find someone fun in town. Need anything else today?”

“Nah, let's continue tomorrow,” Gilbert thinks. “We'll herd the sheep to pasture 2.”

“Alright, see you tomorrow then.”

Carl climbs the stairs to his room, thinking Steve is a dumbass for falling down the steps. As that's what Steve told him as the reason for his screwed up jaw. Enough time wasted, time for a cold beer. He changes his shirt and drives at high speed over the dusty road to the nearby town.

The next day Liz drags her sorry ass out of bed and sits outside. She feels empty, both in her butt and also in life. Gilbert and Carl being so worried about her got to her. And Liz considers that maybe she overreacted to Carl trying to make friends. Maybe having a few friends is not so bad after-all.

Gilbert waves at her from the barn and Liz waves back. They haven't talked all that much since the doctor left. He said he's busy with work, but Liz thinks he's overworking himself and Carl isn't going to be much help. She thinks that Carl is the kind of guy that likes to loiter around and not work.

In reality Gilbert has his head in a twist and has been keeping a little distance from her. Finding out Liz is not well upsets him greatly and he doesn't quite get why. Later that afternoon Gilbert visits her and sits on a free chair next to her sunbed. “Liz, I want you to make friends with Carl. He's really a friendly guy,”

“Just like that huh?” Liz smirks.

“Yes, just like that. Give him a chance will you? He seems like a good man.”

“Shouldn't you focus on finding better help?” She tries to change the subject.

“Liz! You're 23! You can't be a loner forever! You need a friend or partner,” He lectures her.

“Even more reason to find a good help. Or are you offering?” She counters without thinking.

They're silent for a few moments and Gilbert contemplates what she's insinuating but decides to ignore it.

“What's wrong with Carl?” He wonders.

“He's not here to work, I think he'll barely do anything if you're not looking.”

Gilbert looks at Liz and ‘hmms'. He considers that she truly cares a lot for his farm if she's thinking about this kind of stuff and appreciates her for it. A lot.

“I'll keep an eye on him,” He finally assures her. “Can you try to be more friendly?”

“If he's just here for sex I'll kill him!” She whispers menacingly.

“I'll invite him for dinner. Tomorrow? I'll make ribs,” Gilbert sounds upbeat at her ‘approval'.

“How do you feel today? Any better?” Gilbert wants to know next.

Liz grumbles something incomprehensible, she feels far from OK. Not in the least because of her ailment.

He briefly squeezes her hand re-assuringly and wishes her well.

#### 10 - Unwilling participant

Liz wakes up when something hard pokes into her and she squirms in bed letting out a quiet moan. A moment later another prod, a pressure on her butt. This time it slips inside and an arm pulls her close.

“Carl… I'm trying to sleep,” Liz grumbles.

“I know. I couldn't resist. You're so peaceful and small when you sleep, I love it,” Comes his voice.

“Yeah, yeah… You love fucking little girls. You pervert!”

Liz is physically tiny next to Carl. His shoulders are twice as broad as hers, he's a lot taller too. Probably triple her weight and body-mass.

Carls pinches her nipple until she says she didn't mean it like that, followed by a pained moan. He’s such an asshole! Why is he in her bed? How did that happen?

Liz lets out a sleepy sigh and snuggles up against his chest. His warmth is actually nice. He pulls her closer and Liz feels his penis move inside of her. She enjoys his warmth and ignores him otherwise, promising herself to figure out what happened when they get up.

Turns out they had sex all night. Or, he had sex… Liz doesn’t remember much of what happened after they finished dinner. The many beers make all her memories blurry. She feels she had no choice in the matter and was just there for the ride the way he tells it. Apparently she kissed him last night and things escalated from there.

Carl has been trying to make friends with Liz for weeks. Last night, Gilbert had grilled some excellent steaks with potatoes and salad and the three of them had a good time. Drinking lots of beers. As soon as Gilbert went to bed Carl was all over her and now he is in her bed. Liz absentmindedly realizes that this is the first time ever that she had sex with a man in her own bed.

It's early morning, he's slowly grinding his crotch into her from behind. A couple of minutes later Liz wakes from a growing pressure on her head and back. She's on her stomach and his hand is pushing her head into the pillow while fucking her with a bit more energy. Liz grunts and a pained moan comes out when she exhales.

“Carl, no. No more, please. You're hurting me,” She weakly protests.

He ignores her and moments later a wet sensation spurts into her ass and Carl grunts out loud when he comes inside of Liz.

“Damn! Asshole!” She clenches her butt, squeezing his dick as he slips out. And with her left hand she tries to push him off of her. It doesn’t really work, Carl effortlessly stays in control. A few moments later he stumbles into the bathroom to wash up. Liz rubs her neck thinking he's too rough. She then rolls on her back and squeezes her eyes shut at the morning light and wishes it was still dark out.

‘Maybe I should accept this man,' The fleeting thought zips through her head, but she feels no real attraction to him. Just like with Patrick and Steve. Liz just tolerates him around her, but doesn’t really care to involve herself beyond being co-workers, and now fuckbuddies apparently.

‘When was the last time I had proper sex anyway? Other than in my butt? Was it Steve?' She can't remember, and doesn't really care. Anal is always better.

When Carl is ready for the day he gives her a quick kiss on her forehead and leaves without a word.

“Hey Carl, good morning!” Gilbert calls out, sounding surprised.

“Hello boss,” Carl replies with a yawn.

“So it's official? Dating?” Gilbert wonders, vividly remembering how Liz rejected Carl a few short weeks ago.

“I guess… I dunno.” Carl grins like a fool who got caught.

Gilbert flashes an uncertain grin, not sure if he likes this development. He continues his work while Carl heads into the barn for his tasks.

A few hours later, around 9am, Liz emerges from her home and leans on the pasture fence. She has been making a slow recovery. Somehow she lost much of her strength and never really noticed it. Over the last week she's been doing little errands for Gilbert and doing some light work. But he and Carl do all the heavy lifting. Things Liz would do herself months before.

She watches Gilbert drive around the pasture chasing sheep into the corner. He looks very manly. For some reason Liz is extra happy to see him today. They wave at each other every time he’s nearby. She stands a little bent over, not because of the height of the fence but because of the huge seven centimeter buttplug she forced inside of herself. Standing straight hurts. It's stupidly uncomfortable, but she's punishing herself for her stupidity for having Carl in bed.

The rectal tear had healed fast enough and was of no concern really. Now that Liz knows why her butt can bleed and how to deal with it she threw caution in the wind and continued with her escapades as if nothing ever happened. She watches her boss work for a few more minutes, but her discomfort gets the better of her and she stumbles home clutching her stomach. Barely making it to the kitchen where the plug works its way out and falls to the floor.

Carl checks on her that afternoon and seems to actually take a genuine interest in her beyond just having sex. Liz almost believes that in his weird way he really cares for her.

That evening he has his way with her again, and they again fail to set any boundaries. He's a rough lover. He repeatedly smacks her butt and pinches her breasts, he painfully grips her arms when he thrusts into her. Liz is not at all into pain, or anything rough. But other than that, the rough treatment she gets plays weirdly into her ‘strong-man’ kink. And overall the sex is pretty good.

Whenever she tries to talk about her feelings, or lack of, she falls short of words. He seems to mistake her hesitation for being timid and shy. The reluctant couple ends up having sex every day as he spends more and more time in her bubble, disturbing her little world. Liz doesn't know what to do. He is forceful when he wants something and when she struggles to refuse him, he thinks she's playing the victim and just pins her down. And the worst thing, it's like an invisible force prevents her from speaking up to him. She can't get a word in to make her unwillingness known. Carl doesn't really seem all that bothered by their one-sided affair and takes full advantage of Liz and her love for anal sex.

After almost two weeks of this forced relationship nonsense Liz comes to the startling realization that she's scared of the big man. She's scared of being screwed over like Steve did to her. She's afraid of his strength. And she's actually terrified of going against him.

‘As long as I let him do whatever he wants I'm safe, right?' It's the dumbest train of thought Liz has had all year. But what can a petite woman do against a man who is literally three or four times her size?

Luckily a few days later she finally has an excuse to refuse him and tells him she feels sick and has a throbbing headache. Even better, she manages to draw out the problem for over a week. But when Carl catches on to her lies he insists on having sex anyway.

“Not today,” She refuses him. “I'm not feeling well…”

“Again?” He complains, “What's going on?”

Liz lies to him, “I'm just not feeling well, must be my period.”

In actuality she just doesn't want him around.

“You know, if you don't want to. You can just say ‘no'.”

“Fine! I don't want you…eh, to!” She admits with a trembling voice and braces herself for the violent outburst, or him forcing himself on her anyway. Instead, Carl looks upset and leaves without another word. Glad to have that cleared up, Liz locks her doors and goes about her evening. She watches TV until she falls asleep on the couch.

After a few days Gilbert inquires about their relationship and how they're doing. Liz tells him we're not together anymore. He seems weirdly pleased at hearing Liz is single again.

#### 11 - Jimmy

Liz is wearing a neon pink bikini, the bright color contrasts with her bronzed skin. Inside her briefs a modest buttplug and dildo are hidden. Today she’s experimenting with double penetration on her sun-bed. It’s the end of a busy day and Liz enjoys the afternoon sun. Her peace and quiet is interrupted by Gilbert and someone new.

“Hey Liz? This is Jimmy. He'll be helping on the farm for a while. For the… damn,” His voice trails away as he steps around a bush and spots the almost naked woman.

“Hi! Ohhh…” Comes Jimmy's simple greeting, along with a little wave. He too can't help but stare at the smooth skinned cutie.

“Hello,” Liz greets him back. She flips up her sunglasses and looks the young man up and down without too much interest.

‘What a skinny nerd! And he's what, 16? He sure looks that way.’

It's been a super busy few weeks, Gilbert and Liz made long days to shear all sheep in time. Liz idly wonders if he couldn't have shown up three weeks earlier. She drops her sunglasses and continues tanning while the men wander off.

“So uh, Mr Gilbert, is your daughter dating anyone?” She hears Jimmy ask as they walk away.

“I ehh, No. I don't think so, she's not my daughter though. She's…” Gilbert's response is lost over the distance as they walk out of range.

'A disturbance,' Liz worries.

Carl sort of disappeared a few months ago. Gilbert decided not to renew his contract after the initial two months. He too had noticed the man was not very dedicated to his duties. Clearly he wasn't too much in love with Liz either and just wanted to fuck her. He left without saying goodbye to her.

Liz should kill him, only wanting to have sex with her and not working hard enough, just as she threatened Gilbert she would do. But she can't bring up the energy. Liz rather sits in the sun pretending to be sane. She has mostly recovered from her mineral deficiency and has been working full time again with Gilbert for the past two months. With just the two of them it has been hard work. But Liz just about managed to keep up with her boss.

Gilbert prefers to have at least two farmhands though, so now he hired Jimmy. Liz has been focusing on work during the day and indulging in her perversions at night. She’s often seen suntanning or going for walks in between. It's a boring routine really, and without someone to share her life with, even to just talk to anyone other than Gilbert, she feels like she's slowly going insane.

Gilbert sort of took her under his wing when Carl left and still makes time to help her stay healthy. He makes her eat at least one full salad per week. And for lunch, when he makes sandwiches, he puts stuff like tomato or cucumber on them. Yuck! Liz also has a large jar of multivitamin tablets, she has to take one every day. Ever since Carl left, Liz and Gilbert have been a lot closer. They bounce off of each other really well and have a lot of fun together. At first Liz thought he simply worried for her wellbeing. But now, she's not sure what the deal is. Sometimes she catches him stealing glances at her that she can only describe as hungry.

And now this Jimmy guy. Liz wonders when he'll make his move and what kind of pervert he turns out to be.

A few days pass uneventfully, Liz doesn't see Jimmy all that much as his first task was to mind the freshly cut wool and put it through the compacting machine. Then to clean up the barn. Gilbert and Liz are out in the pasture chasing sheep and fixing the fence. Gilbert finally put some money aside to replace parts of the barbed wire for wooden planks and make a more sturdy enclosure.

It's late in the evening. Liz is sitting on a chair in front of the TV. She picked the plastic chair because she's making herself sit on the seven centimeter wide buttplug. The suction cup sticks better to this seat. Plus, the non-cushioned seat lends itself better for this kind of activity. It's been months and the plug still doesn't fit right. Liz can't stand having a toy that doesn't work for her and forces herself to sit on the thing for hours on end trying to get used to the massive size. She's using her weight to keep it inside while distracting herself with watching TV. There has been no real progress and it’s starting to look like the thing is just too big for her to ever get used to.

There is a soft knock on the door. Startled, she slips a finger under the buttplug to break suction and with her hand holding the monstrosity inside she waddles to the window to peek outside. Nobody is in sight.

“Ugh, whatever!” Liz groans at the wasted effort of getting up, sits back on her chair and watches TV for a while longer before heading to bed. She twists and turns for three whole hours and eventually gives up with the buttplug, throwing it through the room and into the bathroom. Her body constantly tries to force the thing out, and it simply hurts too much to keep it in.

Now Liz can finally get some rest and she sleeps uninterrupted until her alarm clock wakes her the next morning.

Liz steps outside and finds a little pink sheep at her door with a note tucked under its legs. A simple heart is scribbled on it, but no signature or anything. She stares at the cute fluffy toy for a moment. She then puts it on her couch. Two meters away from the door Liz suddenly turns on her heels and hurries inside with the strong urge to wear a buttplug. She decides on the red knotted dildo. It's been ages since she used it. The knot plops in place and the toy is held inside by her thong and tight jeans shorts. Now Liz is ready for action.

She and Jimmy inspect the new fence around the pasture and they scare a few sheep by running after them. And Liz makes fun of his skinny arms. But he assures her he is strong enough for the work.

“Prove it! Do something incredible!” she dares him.

He throws a haybale from the UTV onto the ground with little effort, and puts it back in the bed.

“See?”

“Yeah, OK. Fair enough,” She smirks at him. Silly nerd. Even she can manage that much.

“How old are you anyway?” She wants to know next.

“I'm 19 ma'am,” He grins at her with a mock salute.

“Just call me Liz, dammit. How many times do I have to tell you?!” This must've been the 4th time.

“Yes ma'am,” he acknowledges. “So Liz, you're like 20?” He cleverly underestimates her age.

Liz feels flattered, but jokingly admits that she's already old at 24.

Jimmy looks at her as if to size her up, and she prepares for his request to go out with her. But he keeps to himself and busies himself with the sheep. Jim and Liz don't talk all that much, Steve and Patrick, even Carl, were always fucking around and making jokes. Jimmy seems more grounded and mature.

When it's lunchtime they both go their separate ways. Liz is having lunch with Gilbert. He promised some new kind of sandwich. Cheese and strawberry jam on bread, then toasted it. Liz never tasted anything like it, but decides it's good enough for sometimes.

But then the salad comes out and she's not allowed to leave before finishing a big portion.

#### 12 - Hot date

With Jimmy joining the farm, Liz can take on some lighter work. Today she runs some errands in town. Paying a few bills for Gilbert, getting groceries, that sort of thing. When she returns there is a little green sheep at her door with another note. This one has two hearts on it but again there is no signature or anything useful about its origin. Liz sighs and puts the stuffed toy with the pink one she got the day before. As she bends over she remembers the knotted dildo that’s still in her ass. The same knotted plug from yesterday. She wore it through the night and morning and actually forgot it was there.

That’s new, forgetting you have a large plug up your ass.

‘Maybe I do anal too much?' She briefly considers that she's ruining her butt, but immediately she rejects the silly notion, mumbling, “I'll never do too much!”

Moments later she's squatting in the shower slowly fucking herself, the thick knot slipping in and out of her causes all kinds of pleasurable feelings and moans. ‘Damn that's good! I'll never get tired of this,' She confirms her addiction and tenses up and orgasms with a loud 'oomph'.

Every day a different colored sheep shows up with a note with one or two hearts on it and after ten days Liz has a colorful pyramid of sheep in her living-room. Jimmy is the likely suspect, but he won't admit to it. Gilbert claims to not know anything about it either. But it must be one of them, they're the only ones here.

When she has collected 18 sheep it's been enough and Liz ambushes Jimmy in the barn. Trapped against the door, Jimmy has nowhere to go as Liz leans her arms left and right of his shoulders.

“What are you doing with the toy sheep?”

“What sheep?” Jimmy looks nervously at Liz, her intense blue eyes.

“The ones I keep asking you about. Obviously!”

Liz straightens up and looks over her shoulder. The real sheep are making a lot of noise today. She then half turns to get a better look at the pasture.

He relents, “Gilbert said you really like sheep. It's more original than a rose, and uhh… what's that on your back?”

“Hey! Don't change the subject!”

“Yea this,” He grabs the iron rod that sticks up from her shorts and Liz moans as he pulls on the anal hook, her latest addition to her toy collection. The top loop is held up by a little elastic hair band that's connected to her bra strap, it's what's keeping the thing in place.

“Jimmy!” Liz grimaces and lets out a moan as she almost orgasms on the spot.

“Liz? What is this?”

“Nothing, forget it,” Her head turns beet red.

Liz forgets to finish their conversation about the stuffed sheep toys and makes her escape, leaving Jimmy alone. Liz doesn’t notice at all that her shirt is too short in the back. Gilbert must've seen it too. She is so flustered at being caught that Liz yanks out the anal hook in her bathroom, this in turn causes her to yelp in pain as the five centimeter wide steel ball comes out.

The next day there are no sheep at her door. For almost a week Jimmy and Liz avoid talking, they do their work in silence and talk the bare minimum to complete their tasks.

He's a hard worker, quite naive too. She thinks so anyway and also thinks that Jimmy can do most of the work on his own by now. On the 9th day after the encounter with the anal hook another sheep shows up at Liz's door. This one is yet another color and there is a real note this time.

It reads; ‘7pm movie night? J.'

It appears Jimmy has made up his mind about something. Liz her first thought is that she has to go all evening without a plug in her butt. Then she considers Jimmy is trying to be sweet, and despite knowing she's a weirdo he still wants to go out with her. That's all kinds of special and Liz feels that she can't turn him down.

It's five minutes past seven, Liz lingers around her front door wearing a striped dress and leather boots. A straw hat sits on her head and she looks the part for a farmer's daughter. She couldn't resist inserting a, for her, modest buttplug. Liz figured that since Jimmy probably wants to be a gentleman he won't feel up her butt and the loose ankle length dress won't show anything.

Just as she's about to give up on waiting, the UTV approaches and there is a knock on the door. Liz yanks the door open and sees Jimmy’s goofy smile. He's wearing a striped shirt, jeans with boots and a straw hat as well. Basically the male version of her outfit. Even the colors somewhat match.

“Hey Liz!” He greets her with a big smile.

“Hey Jim,” She smiles at him. ”Nice shirt!”

“Same outfits! We're a match!” Jimmy points out.

“Ehm, yep!”

Liz immediately knows where he buys his clothes, at the same general store she frequents in town. They have an awkward standoff for a few seconds before she takes the lead, “So? Movie night? What's the plan?”

There is no cinema anywhere near the ranch as far as Liz knows. So she has no idea what he has planned.

“Hah, yes! Come with me!” He holds out his hand and guides his date to the UTV he borrowed.

Liz smirks at his back as he helps her into the passengers seat like a true gentleman. He then jogs around and off they go. Out the ranch gate and towards town. Liz can't remember the UTV ever leaving the ranch, but maybe Jimmy has no driver’s license? Or why isn't he using a car?

Actually Liz has no license either, she simply never bothered to get one. But she drives Gilbert's truck to town anyway. Maybe Jimmy is one of those super honest guys who does everything by the book? Liz fantasizes about that, comparing him to the likes of Patrick and Carl. She's lost in thought while he drives to town.

Meanwhile, Jimmy can't believe his luck, Liz likes him too! Or so he thinks. He steals glances at his date every chance he gets. Liz looks like she’s deep in thought and doesn’t say much. He kinda likes that, clever and thoughtful women are his thing. He can already tell it’ll be a fun night. If he’s lucky, maybe she’ll even kiss him tonight.

Eventually they stop in front of a small house on the outskirts of town, and he finally says something.

“Here we are!”

Liz looks around, “Where is here? What's this?”

“It’s the cinema of-course, come!” He invites her along towards the house.

“Ehh,” Liz sounds unsure, she is not looking forward to being cooped up with a bunch of his friends on a couch. He notices her hesitation and assures her it'll be fun.

Nobody is home and the house is sparsely decorated. A huge TV and a couch are in the livingroom.

“What's this? Jimmy?” She wonders, looking nervous. Weirdest date ever.

“Our cinema for the night. Look, here is the theater, and there is the cafetaria,” He gestures to where the kitchen would logically be.

Liz enters the kitchen and spots an Airbnb logo on the wall along with some text, house rules or whatever.

“You rented this place?”

“According to the site it has the biggest TV in town,” he acknowledges. “For lack of a real cinema,” He laughs at her silly face.

“Oh Jim, that's so clever and sweet!” Liz finally lightens up and considers that maybe Jimmy is actually making an effort instead of being a pervert. That'll be a first for her.

They watch movies on HBO and Netflix all evening while drinking beer and Coca Cola. And while it's good fun, it's the most normal and boring date she's ever had. Liz is not sure if she likes that.

When it’s close to midnight Liz has seen enough movies, but doesn't feel like spending the night in the Airbnb. Jimmy doesn't mind at all and he courteously brings her home.

She tries to say goodbye to him without having to invite him inside. Just as she leans in for the kiss Liz realizes at the last split second that he doesn't even intend to kiss her goodnight. Not on her lips anyway. A true gentleman indeed. So she quickly course-corrects and leans her head on his shoulder and they awkwardly hug.

“What's that on your coffee table? Some kind of art?” Jimmy wonders over her shoulder.

“Ehm, sure,” Liz confirms.

“And, eh, there's another one on the floor?” He wonders next.

“More art, I'm sure,” She shyly admits.

‘Art, yeah right! Those are buttplugs you goof.' She curses herself for once again having forgotten to hide her toys.

“I didn't know you were into art,” He naively continues.

Liz lets go of him and looks at his youthful face. He's not trying to be funny.

“You're sweet. When you're older maybe I'll tell you all about it,” She mocks him. “Good night Jimmy, thanks for a fun evening!” And she starts to turn, ready to end the day.

“Yeah, ok. I see,” Jimmy sounds disappointed. “See you tomorrow then.”

Inside the door she leans against it with a sigh and slowly sinks to the floor. ‘Why can't I like him more? He's actually really nice and fun. What's wrong with being normal?’

Liz stares at the pile of sheep he gave her and laughs at his discovery of her ‘art' collection, ‘What a nerd, doesn't even know what a buttplug is.’

‘Normal is fucking boring! No it'll never work between us,' Liz decides.

After sitting against the door for a few moments she pulls her dress over her head and throws it along with her bra on the couch. She then scurries to the bathroom to relieve herself and heads to bed.

#### 13 - Gilbert

“Good morning Liz, How did your date go? Jimmy said you're into art? That's unexpected,” Gilbert greets Liz the next morning.

“Ehm, yeah, well. That goes to show how you never really know a person, right?” She makes up her lame remark.

“Riiight,” He winks at her. “Anyway, I got the impression that he thought you were not very into him.”

“I'm not, no. Between you and me, he's so normal… But he's also very nice and courteous,” Liz confides in Gilbert. “Don't tell him that, though. Please.”

Gilbert nods, but doesn't say anything. Then a few moments later he seems to make some kind of decision and says, “Come with me Liz, I want to show you something.”

“Eh?” She curiously walks after him to his house.

They head through the kitchen and down a few steps into something of a storage basement. A narrow stone hallway with a few doors left and right, sparsely lit with naked lights at the ceiling. Liz has never seen anything besides the kitchen inside Gilbert's home and looks curiously around.

“What's this Gilbert? Your smugglers' lair?” Liz jokingly asks.

“Something like that,” He vaguely answers as he enters the last room on the right.

When Liz steps inside she sees a dark interior with a set of manacles hanging down from the ceiling. Just as she looks over her shoulder to see where Gilbert went, he steps outside again and smacks the door shut. The lock churns and Liz is caught.

Through a little barred hatch he announces, “Door doesn't open until you lock yourself in the manacles Liz, or you can try and wait it out and see what happens I guess.”

“Ehh, Gilbert? What is the meaning of this?” She looks nervous at the only exit and notices there is no handle, let alone a knob to unlock it.

“Oh nothing much. Ever since I rescued you from the field you keep entering my dreams. Plus, I've come to realize that I can't stand it that everyone gets to have you, except me. So, today I'll claim you for myself,” He laughs nervously at her and hopes she won't hate him after this.

“I guess dreams really do come true,” He laughs again. The lock churns and the door swings open.

Liz stares at him for a moment but then calls out, “You moron! That’s not funny! You scared me to death!”

“C'mon Liz, don't you want to know what it's like to be kinky with someone, for real this time?”

“Eh… I, ehh… Yes, NO!” She stammers, “Not really, I think.”

‘Oh god yes! Yes! Yes! Please yes!’ Liz screams in her mind. But she hates being confronted with herself. She’s frozen in place, unable, or unwilling rather, to try and escape. A strange excited feeling comes over her and her stomach twists into a tight knot from anticipation.

“I like you Liz. A lot. In case you haven't noticed, I truly care about you. And just so you know, ever since you started working for me, my life has been much more enjoyable,” Gilbert informs her.

“Thanks! I guess,” Her mumble is barely audible. What is he getting at?

“Anyway, this door is always open, until you shut it and lock yourself in the manacles and become mine,” Gilbert offers.

“I ehh. Lock me? Ehh, su…sure,” She stutters. “Become yours? You're serious? Like lovers?”

“That would be ideal, wouldn't it? I won't abuse it either. That's the honest truth,” Gilbert winks at her and he walks away. Leaving her in stunned silence.

“But I'm not super into bondage,” Liz mumbles into the room, wondering if Gilbert knows what she does in her spare time. What she wants done to her.

‘Do I even know myself?' A realization that Liz has no direct answer for.

Liz sneaks up to the door and peeks around the corner into the hallway. Gilbert's feet are disappearing on the stairs and she's alone in his basement.

Stepping out of the room Liz looks in all the other rooms, just to make sure there are no other girls locked in there. There are three rooms on each side. All are unlocked and show basic storage rooms. Two by three meter 'walk-in-closet-size' rooms made of bare brick walls. The ones on the left have shelves along the walls. Most are empty, but in one room a bunch of sheets take up a few of the lower levels. And in another room some of the shelves are filled with dozens of food cans.

The room next to the one Gilbert locked Liz in has straw on the floor and something of a mattress against the back wall. It reminds her of a castle prison cell. She then heads back to the manacle room and inspects the cuffs. They're hanging from the ceiling, more or less in the middle, made of thick dark steel. They snap shut and can be opened with a springloaded button. Liz doubts she can push it once her wrists are stuck in them. That's so scary. She wonders what will happen if she locks herself in.

At the foot of the stairs she yells up, “Gilbert?” But there is no reply. Climbing up, she pokes her head just above the ground floor and surveys the kitchen. Nobody is there either. Liz her stomach twists in an even more painful knot as she considers her options.

She peeks into his modern living room. It’s so much nicer than her dinky bungalow. Gilbert isn’t there either and she seems to be alone in his house.

Liz sinks down on a kitchen chair and thinks about her boss.

‘Gilbert is such a nice man. Super friendly and trustworthy. He never failed me as my boss and friend.'

‘Should I choose him? Fall in love? If he’s actually a kinky man, it'll be a dream come true.'

‘He's not that old either, right? Just over 30? Nobody will mind our age difference.'

Liz thinks back on the years she has worked for him and doesn't have to try hard to come up with plenty of reasons to really really like her boss. In fact, she does really like Gilbert, always has. But somehow she never considered that there might be more than friendship between them. Still, thinking about it now, it sounds totally natural and very appealing. The unknowns have her hesitate though. Chains and cuffs are a whole different kink, and while it does fit her idea of finding a strong manly man, it’s also very inescapable.

Perhaps she did learn something from previous mishaps after all and that's why she's not just going along with it this time? Finally her nerves get the better of her and she sprints across the yard and flees into her home with her heart pounding in her throat.

‘What the fuck Liz, why are you even considering this?' She squeezes her eyes shut and an image of her dangling from his basement ceiling enters her mind. In it, Gilbert hovers around her with a huge grin on his face and a dildo in each hand. Liz gasps at the thought and has to steady herself against the doorframe. Her hand hovers over her crotch, which is dripping wet.

A more normal image appears where they walk hand in hand through the pasture enjoying the afternoon sun together. Followed by a little picnic under the big tree that’s between the pastures. Also very exciting.

#### 14 - Depraved experience

She'd dawdled all day and struggled with her thoughts and wants. After eating dinner in her home she decided to give it a try. Just for the night.

To entice Gilbert she had stripped naked and wore nothing but a medium buttplug. Liz had spent 20 minutes standing there before she could bring up the courage to lock the manacles around her wrists. When they locked shut with an impossibly loud snapping sound she immediately panicked and tugged on the chains trying to get free. But it was no use. She had stood there for an hour with her arms raised above her head before Liz heard footsteps and the grinning face of Gilbert appeared before the hatch in the door.

“Gotcha!” Gilbert gleefully announced.

“Please let me go. I didn't think this through. Sorry,” She whimpered. Liz spent the last hour making up excuses as to why she should not be there and why she made the wrong choice.

“Sure Lizzie, I'll let you out in a little bit. Just you wait. I just have to get the key,” He assured her.

“Thanks!” Liz exclaimed with obvious relief.

When Gilbert entered the room a few minutes later he brought another chain with him, along with a hammer and a piece of wood. Without saying anything had fitted the snug cuff at the end of the chain around her left ankle. Holding the two halves closed he then positioned the edge of the cuff over the piece of wood and hammered in a rivet like pin.

“Gilbert? What are you doing?” Liz nervously inquired, watching him work.

“You'll see,” he had told her.

When done he released her arms from the ceiling cuffs and Liz had immediately knelt down to look at the ankle restraint. It didn't look like it was ever going to come off. Gilbert stood next to her, patiently waiting for realization to set in. When she looked up at him with a questioning look he simply smiled and invited her to follow him. Liz had stupidly walked after him with a meter of chain dragging after her.

They didn't go far as Gilbert led her into the neighboring room, the one with the straw and mattress on the floor.

He told her to sit on the mattress and before she realized what his intent was, the hammer rams another rivet pin through the last chain link and an eye in the wall next to the mattress. Quickly stepping back, Gilbert had sat crosslegged in the doorway with a big smile on his face. The chain is so short, Liz can move around on the mattress but nowhere else. She can't even reach the door.

“Gilbert? I'm your prisoner now?”

“No Lizzie, well, yes. Kinda. Just for the weekend,” he announced.

“Oh…”

‘Just the weekend huh?' She remembers feeling relieved.

She then says, “but it's only Wednesday!”

“It'll be a long weekend,” He had smiled, “And if you can guess when it's monday I'll let you out.”

“And if I don't?”

“You get one guess every time I ask. If it’s a Monday and you guess that it is, you can go free.”

Liz ‘hmmms' and thinks it all sounds scary as hell. Something is wrong with his game, but she fails to realize that if he never asks on Monday if it’s Monday she can never get free again.

“What about work? You need me upstairs, the sheep…”

“Jimmy can take up your tasks, and you're a clever girl. All you have to do is keep track of time,” He informed her.

That was six weeks ago. Or so Liz is told. Gilbert had said she missed yet another escape day and that they entered the 7th week yesterday. That means it’s Thursday, but Liz has no idea. Not being able to see daylight, or a passage of time is so confusing. And almost every time he visits her he asks his torturous question, ‘Is it Monday today?'

She has had it wrong so many times. It drives Liz nuts, and how can she possibly know? Every time he tells her it's not Monday Liz has no idea if he's lying or not. Worst of all. She assumed he would have sex with her. Endless sweet lovemaking. Or since he put the chain on her, ravaging, rough sex. He should fuck her senseless until Liz begs for him to stop. But nothing of the sort had happened. He never even touched her. Instead he keeps Liz chained to the wall like an animal.

Over the weeks Gilbert had her do so many depraved things that she he is starting to lose her sanity. He pees on her, she has had to drink his and her own urine many times. For sustenance, he feeds her an awful tasting mix of vegetables and leftovers he ground up in a blender. He takes her photo when he forces her to eat mushy hay from a bowl. And the worst torture, he took her buttplug away and put it next to the door in plain sight, just outside of her reach. Pleasure so close-by, yet impossible to reach.

Other than the occasional bucket of water that's thrown over her, Liz can't remember the last time she was allowed to wash herself. It stinks in the room. Her skin got pale and she looks terrible. Her hair lost its shine, and notably grew longer. It looks ugly too.

A year passes and Liz barely feels like a person anymore. Lizzie the frustrated farm animal. What a disaster!

Today, Gilbert brings a muffin with a single candle on it to celebrate her first year in captivity. Liz looks at the little flame without much enjoyment, she is distracted by her buzzing alarm clock.

Her eyes open and she stares bewildered over her bedsheets at the little clock on her nightstand. With a firm whack she silences the thing and Liz looks down under her blanket and sees a healthy body, clean and neat. No bushy pubic hair, no ugly pointy nails. It doesn't stink in the bedroom, and everything is godawfully bright.

She mumbles, “Whoa, what the fuck…”

Moments later Liz has her phone in her hands and sees it's Thursday, merely the next day after Gilbert showed his basement. She stares at the ceiling, the slow realization of it all being an insane dream dawns on her. But Liz doesn't buy it. Gilbert is tricking her. It must be.

She scrambles from her bed and runs in her pajamas across the yard to find Gilbert.

#### 15 - It's always been you

“Hey Liz, good morning,” Jimmy's clear voice comes from across the yard but she ignores him and heads straight through Gilbert's open kitchen door. With a heaving chest she leans on his kitchen table with both hands, trying to calm herself.

Gilbert is sitting there sipping a cup of coffee. “Hey Liz, you're up early, what's up?”

“Gil…Gilbert! What did you do to me down there?” Her eyes bore into him with an intensity that has him look away.

“Ehm… What? Down where?”

“Your basement, the room filled with straw. You kept me in there?”

“What are you talking about?” Gilbert looks genuinely confused.

“What would you do if I went in there?”

“I ehh, that depends a little on you I guess,” Gilbert sounds unsure now.

“Yeah?” Liz eases up slightly.

“Actually, it's been years since I did any roleplay,” His eyes flicker with excitement. “But, if you'd let me, I'd make love to you and let you go once we're both satisfied. I just like to chain you up during,” He tells her.

“Role play?! What? You didn't keep me like an animal? I'm not your prisoner? No tricks?”

“No? I mean, if you want I can lock you down there for fun for an afternoon. But not like an animal. That's preposterous.”

“So just roleplay?” Liz says again.

“Yeah, if you like,” Gilbert confirms.

“And you want me, for me? Not for… you know?”

Gilbert looks worried now, “Liz, what's gotten into your head?”

“You did! It's always been you. Isn't it?”

“Ehh… I guess?” He sounds hopeful, unsure what he's hopeful for. Where Liz is confused but clearly on a mission of discovery, he's mostly confused.

“Come find me in a minute and don't hold back,” Liz tells him.

His casual hint of love, the promise of kinky sex. Him never questioning or judging her dodgy behavior when she was doing something stupid or perverted. His endless patience around her when she got sick. He fired everyone who underperformed on his farm, but not her.

Everything makes sense now, ‘This is my man!'

The sudden realization that he has probably loved her for years already hits her like a punch to her gut. For years she has been fucking around with her idiot co-workers while he was right there, waiting for her. Suffering because she was too stupid to see him. Liz should slap herself for not noticing it sooner.

“Liz? Hey!” Gilbert calls after her. He tries to wrap his mind around what Liz is signaling to him. He sees where she's going but can't believe his eyes and just sits there, stunned, surprised.

Liz meanwhile is on auto-pilot and doesn't respond, she heads down the stairs into his basement. A minute later her pajamas are neatly folded and put on one of the shelves in the storage room opposite the one with the manacles. She's naked and stands on her tiptoes trying to lock the manacles around her wrists.

The muted clicks of the cuffs closing around her wrists are nothing like in her dream, the room is way smaller than she remembers and the dungeon-like look is not at all there. But she's super excited all the same. Her breathing is ragged and her skin is clammy with sweat.

Liz has no idea what Gilbert will do to her, if he'll do anything at all. But the pervert in her is craving for him to do his worst.

As sort of expected though, Gilbert is not a madman locking up women. No, he simply likes to chain up his woman and make love to her. He calls it role play, but there are no roles other than Liz being his captive for the duration, it's just kinky basement sex.

After he gets over his surprise he follows Liz. He curiously looks around the rooms and finds her naked and helpless in shackles, just as he told her she should be yesterday. Seeing her he loses all inhibitions from the last few years. He makes love to her for the next half hour. Holding on to her hips he thrusts and pumps until their ragged breathing and moaning is the only thing heard throughout the basement. Liz, who is much shorter than Gilbert, stands on the very tip of her toes, barely touching the ground as she hands from her wrists and his hands.

She moans and whines endlessly. It's the most intense experience she has ever had other than Steve's field trip the year before. Gilbert owns her completely and shows his impressive stamina.

When Liz goes limp, Gilbert barely notices other than that she goes much more quiet. When he finally is ready to orgasm he gives her one forceful last thrust and steps back, his cum shooting out with such force that it splats on her back and into her hair.

Liz limply hangs from her wrists, it hurts, but she has no energy to support herself. She's completely exhausted. She never experienced anything like it and is mentally completely tuned out. A grenade could go off in the next room and she wouldn't care. Gilbert sits behind her on the ground with a stupid grin on his face, staring at her calves while catching his breath.

When he gathers his wits he sees her limp body, thinking she's every bit as amazing as in his dreams, and as promised he released her from her bonds. Liz barely notices her surroundings so he carries her upstairs to get cleaned up and have lunch together.

Gilbert is making a sandwich for them when Jimmy, his other employee, appears at the kitchen door. He's looking for them. Liz and Gilbert disappearing all morning is very unusual. He looks suspiciously into the kitchen seeing Liz in just a Tshirt with chafed wrists and red tired eyes. Her hair is a mess and she looks like she ran a marathon after a barfight. Gilbert doesn't look much better and returns Jimmy's stare with a guilty look.

“What’s going on here?”

Liz looks away, and pulls her shirt down to cover her otherwise naked body and legs.

“I ehh, we…” Liz stammers, her head is red with embarrassment.

“Liz and I finally found each other,” Gilbert announces, as if that explains everything. “Anything you need?”

“Well, it’s past 10am… Maybe you should come to work? Both of you?”

Jimmy walks away without another word. Now he knows why Liz didn’t care for his kindness on their date a few days ago. ‘Fuck those two!’ He angrily thinks. Not only he can't have Liz, but he also wasted all his effort and a lot of money on appeasing her.

Gilbert and Liz look at the door, then each other. He smiles at her, “Awkward…”

Liz says nothing and just stares at her hands. She has other things on her mind.

“Hey, you’re alright?” Gilbert wants to know.

“I don’t know,” Liz whispers. “I need some time…”

Gilbert looks worried, “Too much? Too quick?” He rests his hand on her shoulder but Liz shrugs it off.

“No, well… I don’t know. I just need some time.”

Liz never has been in love. She doesn’t know what her current feelings mean and it’s confusing her.

“Alright, well, you can stay here if you want. Basement, bedroom… Anywhere you please. OK? I’ll go check on Jimmy.”

Liz nods and Gilbert gives her a quick kiss on her scalp and hurries out the door, forgetting about lunch. Twenty minutes later Liz hasn’t moved. As determined as she was this morning, she is as confused now. The stirring feeling in her stomach is alien to her. ‘I love him? Or just his sex? But I like his attention and care! Have I always loved him and never noticed?’

Without thinking about what she’s doing Liz absentmindedly walks barefoot to her bungalow forgetting she’s not wearing underwear or pants. Luckily both men are in the pasture busy with the sheep.

She cleans herself up and eats an apple while staring out the window.

‘I love him! It must be love.’ That’s her conclusion an hour or so later. She already craves his touch and attention again.

‘I want him!’ That’s her decision as she walks across the yard back to his house. Straight to the kitchen and into the basement, ‘I belong with him! He's mine!’

Soon after she's naked and stuck in the cuffs hanging from the ceiling again. Gilbert doesn’t know this of-course and is busy working all afternoon. He constantly is on the lookout for Liz but she has disappeared it seems. He doesn’t see her around the barn or the yard either.

He’ll give her some space, he has been waiting for her for over two years. No point in rushing now. That afternoon he resists the urge to check on her in her house. Instead he heads home and makes dinner. Gilbert watches some TV and enjoys his early evening, but he wishes Liz would join him. The silly goof is constantly on his mind. Their lovemaking this morning was the most exciting thing in his life for the last five years by far.

Late that night he heads into his basement to grab beer from one of the storage rooms and finds her pajamas from this morning.

He mumbles, “O…”

Turning around he spots a flash of blonde hair through the door hatch opposite from the one he’s leaving and pushes it open.

“Liz?”

She’s standing there, looking pathetically with her hands above her head and her head hanging down. It's like she’s passed out.

“Liz? How long have you been here?”

She looks up with a vague smile, but there is no joy in her eyes. Just exhaustion. With a quiet whisper she begs him, “Love me Gilbert, please!”

“I do, but…” He stammers, “Why are you here? I’ve been looking for you all day!”

He quickly undoes her cuffs and looks at her damaged wrists with a worried sigh.

“Come with me,” He carries his charge upstairs and into the bathroom.

Liz sits in the shower cabin and flinches as the water turns on. A low drawn out moan escapes the poor woman while the water mixes. Gilbert joins her and massages her arms and wrists.

“Talk to me Liz, are you OK?”

“I’m fine. I just thought you’d come for me. You know?”

He sighs, “Silly you. I was working in the pasture. And besides, the restraints aren’t for every day.”

“I’m for every day though. Right?” She croaks at him.

He ‘hmms’ at that, not sure what she means and throws his wet shirt and pants aside.

“I love you Liz. I’ve loved you for years. Don’t turn into an irresponsible freak now, please?!”

“Yes OK, Sorry!” She agrees.

Gilbert moves in to kiss her on the forehead but she turns her head and they kiss each other properly, full of passion.

"I love you boss!"

"I love you too!"

They smile at each other.

"Move in with me, today! Right now!" Gilbert hushes at her. He craves to have her in his bed and not sleep alone anymore.

"Uh-huh!" Liz glimmers with excitement, "But I'm so fucking tired. Everything hurts."

"Even more reason to snuggle up to me, you'll feel better in the morning."

"And you'll lock me up again?"

"If you wish, but really I want you to be my girl. Maybe become my wife someday!"

"Oh Gilbert," Liz groans with outstretched arms, "Yes, I do. That's exactly what I want!"

She stays with him that night. No sex, no kinky stuff. Liz sleeps peacefully at Gilbert's side and feels perfectly fine when he wakes her up at dawn. The budding couple spends the early morning moving her few possessions into his home. Gilbert is amazed at how little stuff she actually owns. And even more when he realizes that most of it is sex toys.

For a moment he doubts his wisdom to invite this kinky lady into his private life. But she assures him that she'll give it all up for him as long as he'll be the manliest of manly men towards her.

"What does that mean?" He wonders.

"There is nothing more sexy than a strong man having his way with a woman," Liz explains with a glimmer in her eyes, "So… Take charge and be that man!"

"Ok woman! Off to the kitchen with you then!" Gilbert laughs.

Liz looks at him funny for a moment but disappears into the kitchen without another word.

"Liz! No, just a joke… It's almost time for work…" He laughs after her.

"Coffee?" She just asks, dead seriously.

'Oh boy… She's a keeper for sure…' Gilbert thinks with glee while he admires her serious face. Not a hint of refusal, just simple commitment to her given task.

"Yes please," He steps forward and they kiss, losing themselves in their passion for a few moments, "Two sugars as always…"

"I'll bring it, go do your thing baby…" Liz instructs him with a whisper.

"Yes ma'm!"

~~ The end ~~
