---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiesek/joiningtheclub.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: Joining the Club
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- FM
- F/m+
- shrink
- cook
- eaten
- devour
- nc
- X
date: 2009-12-24 00:00:00
---

Matt and Lisa entered the pizza shop and were ushered to a
secluded booth in the back. Lisa had been acting weird ever
since he had picked her up at her house. They had been
going together for about a year and this was to be their
anniversary dinner. They sat there for a minute looking at
each other fondly. As Matt reached for the menu, Lisa
covered his hand with hers.

'Don't' she whispered, 'I know just the thing to order.'

The waitress arrived and looked questioningly at Lisa.

'One
small Ultra-Special for two and two cokes' she said showing
her lapel pin to the waitress, who nodded and walked off.

'What's a Ultra-Special?' he asked. 'And what's with the
pin? I've never seen that one before.'

She just smiled at
him and started making small talk. The waitress returned
quickly with their drinks and they both sipped at them. The
waitress returned again with a covered pizza tray. She put
it on the table and looked at Lisa again. Lisa gave a quiet
shake of her head, and the waitress left. Matt reached for
the cover but Lisa stopped him.

'Do you love me?' she asked. 'Do you really love me?'

'Of course I do.' he replied playfully. 'I'd do anything
for you, you know that.'

He took off the pizza pan cover
and dropped it on the table, then turned back to the
pizza.... and froze.

Stuck to the pizza here and there were
tiny people! Live people!

Correction, half the pizza had
tiny men on it and half tiny women. The obviously terrified
people stared up in horror and started to scream.

He watched her slide a slice from the male side out of the
pan and onto her plate, where she proceeded to blow gently
at the slice to cool it. She then started to lift it to her
mouth and he jumped up.

'What's Going On?!' He stammered. 'Those are real people on
there, you can't just eat them!'

'Of course I can, I'm hungry.' she slid the end of the
pizza, with a tiny man on the tip, into her mouth.'Mmmmm'
she murmurred.

The man tried to struggle free but the
melted cheese held him fast as her lips closed over his
shrieking form and he vanished into her. Her soft chewing
was clearly audible to all. Then the other tiny people
redoubled there hysterical writhing.

Lisa looked at Matt
pleadingly. 'You said you loved me. This pizza place is
part of a very exclusive club network. I brought you here
because I love you too, and I offered you up for
membership. You passed all the other requirements and now
all you have to do is enjoy the clubs benefits.

Matt slowly picked up a slice of pizza with wailing women
on it. He could here them begging and yelling at him,
though her couldn't understand the words. They were just
too small. He looked at Lisa as she finished her slice and
started on her second.

One of the tiny men managed to shake
loose and dropped to the tabletop, where he lay stunned.
Lisa plucked him up and looked at him curiously, then she
dropped him into her mouth and closed her eyes. She rolled
him in mouth for a moment and then swallowed him whole. She
opened her eyes and looked at Matt again.

Matt slowly lifted a piece of pizza with struggling women
on it to his face. Now he could hear them begging him for
mercy.

He looked at Lisa as she bit into another slice,
leaving half a screaming man behind on the slice.

He put
the slice down and stood up. 'I'm sorry, Lisa. I can't be a
part of this. This is wrong and if this is how you get your
jollies, then maybe I'm not the guy for you. I'm outta
here.' and he threw down his napkin and stalked out of the
parlor, not caring about the tears in Lisa's eyes.

Outside, he staggered a bit from nausea, and then realized
something was wrong. He blacked out as he fell to the
pavement.

When he opened his eyes, he was laying on the the
pavement next to his car... and he was totally naked and
shrunk!! Echoing booms as the ground shook caused him to
look up. The waitress was walking toward him with Lisa in
tow.

'See? The drug in the Coke shrinks them, but is
counteracted by the drug in the pizza.' the waitress
explained, 'Only he didn't eat the pizza, so...'

Lisa
looked down at Matt sadly.
'You really should have eaten your pizza Matt. But don't
worry, you still get to join the club. See you tomorrow
lover.' she said as she picked up his car keys.

Matt started screaming as the waitress smiled and lowered a
tupperware container to the ground clearly labeled...
SPECIAL TOPPINGS

Matt continued to scream as she reached for him.

The End
