---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Academy Museum
authors:
- Ultraprene
tags:
- F-mf+
- museum
- latex-ultraprene
- suits
- bond
- encased
- statues
- exhibit
- display
- sex
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2003-03-06 00:00:00
---

The Academy of Erotic Arts and Sciences has long been exploring and
experimenting with the outer fringes of human sexuality. Most of their
work is done with members, and while the results are published in certain
"inside" journals, the research facilities are not open to the curious
public. The exception is the Erotic Art Museum. Here are displayed all
sorts of erotic art from European and Asian classics to modern creations,
including some by Academy members.

The Museum has occasionally put "living exhibits" on display using volunteer
bondage enthusiast members. These were always exciting events since only
those "in the know" were aware that the sculptures actually contained real
people under the visible shell of rubber, leather, or plaster. To the general
public they were just life-size statues. However, the practice was quite
limited since the subjects had to be taken out after a few hours to attend
to their physical needs.

Two major discoveries changed all this: The first was a polymer called
Ultraprene, which, as manufactured, could be prepared with any consistency
between a viscous liquid and a rubber-like solid.

However, when the material was exposed to a bright ultraviolet light,
an almost instantaneous catalytic reaction would propagate through the
material and cause it to polymerize throughout. It would then turn completely
hard and rigid. Thereafter, it could be cut and shaped with standard woodworking
tools.

The second invention was a drug called Hibernex originally developed
in the space program. It was to be given to astronauts on long missions
to reduce life-support requirements. The idea was that once the spacecraft
was settled on its interplanetary course, this potion would put the crew
into a sort of hibernating state. They would not need to eat or eliminate waste
for several weeks, and their oxygen requirements would be reduced as well.
After a certain time, the drug would wear off and the astronauts would
wake up spontaneously, or one could inject an antidote to wake them up
at any time before that.

The animal tests of Hibernex appeared successful. There were no adverse
side effects and the only remarkable observation was an apparent state
of sexual arousal in the subjects. Human tests, however, showed that the
subjects were not really asleep. While their physical processes were slowed
down and their muscles were deeply relaxed, they remained semi-alert and
their senses continued to be active. In fact, the sense of touch was actually
made more sensitive. The humans also felt and exhibited the same erotic
stimulation that had been observed in the animal tests. Increasing the
dose was not a good answer either. The subjects did become unconscious,
and their biological functions were further slowed, but it took them several
hours, and in some cases a day or more, to recover full function even with
the antidote. An astronaut, would need to be "brought out of it" promptly
in case of an emergency. Given these difficulties along with cuts in funding
for deep-space missions, the Space Program published their findings but
then abandoned Hibernex research.

When Cynthia, Curator of the Museum, learned of these products, she
rather quickly saw their potential for her living exhibits. The volunteers
could be dressed in Ultraprene and given a dose of Hibernex, which would
take effect in a few minutes.  During this time she could pose the
subjects in their bondage. This usually (but not always) meant hardening
their Ultraprene suits. They could then be kept on display almost as long
as one wanted.

It turns out that Ultraprene became available first, and the Academy
of Erotic Arts and Sciences quickly adopted it to manufacture body molds
for erotic research and, quite frankly, for fun. Cynthia and her staff
would dress the subject in an Ultraprene suit. The material still had a
rubber-like texture. After achieving a perfect wrinkle-free fit and positioning
the subject, they would harden the Ultraprene. Then, using a surgical cast
cutter, Cynthia and her staff cut the hardened mold very carefully into
front and back halves, which they lined with soft rubber. The two pieces
were then fitted with flanges and toggle latches. In addition to breathing
holes, the mold was generally cut to have access for sex.  Thus, a
male mold had a hole in the front through which his tool could protrude.
A removable sheath covered the penis and joined the front of the mold by
a bolted flange. If the penis sheath was made of hard material, his partner
would remove it to use him. If it was made of (non-hardening) rubber she
could either remove the sheath or keep it in place.

The female mold could have openings for her sex, and removable cones
over the nipples. Cynthia enjoyed making love to her slaves while they
were so encased. However, the split molds were generally unsuitable for
free-standing sculptures since the flanges and latches spoiled the lines.
They did find some use in bas-reliefs by casting the back of the subject
into the background and using the hardened Ultraprene to contain the front.
The flange of the front half of the mold would then attach to the background
with numerous screws through the flange to contain the subject.

As soon as the Academy was able to procure its first shipment of Hibernex,
they began the first experiments involving both products. The early projects
were simple statues in classical poses often taken from sports or performing
arts. Thus a man was posed as a javelin thrower "frozen" at the peak of
his throw. A ballerina was set in the midst of a pirouette.

A more interesting experiment involved a woman volunteer who had been
on a diving team. She was dressed in an extremely tight head-to-toe Ultraprene
suit with only breathing holes for her nose. She was told to dive from
a 3-meter board into a pool. In mid-flight, while she was in a perfect
diving position, Cynthia triggered a brilliant ultraviolet flash and the
suit hardened before the diver hit the water. Assistants immediately fished
out the rigid form. Cynthia then put her on display in her head-down pose
by suspending the mold with wires. After a few minutes, she asked the diver
whether her inverted position was causing any distress. While she could
not speak, she communicated by agreed-upon grunts that she was quite comfortable.

Apparently, the tight pressure of the mold prevented her internal fluids
from rushing to her head. An attendant checked on her twice an hour and
found no problems so she was able to remain on exhibit a full day. When
taken out, she reported that the sudden hardening of the suit was almost
like a shock or jolt, even though it was expected. The tight and immovable
confinement at first was a little scary, but soon, once she realized that
she was in no danger, she relaxed and the perfect support became extremely
soothing.

While she knew she was upside-down, there was none of the expected discomfort;
this was undoubtedly due to the tight compression. She had slept off and
on during the 24 hours, and the time seemed to pass quite fast. In fact
she was surprised when she first felt the vibration of the cast saw.

The ballerina inspired the first attempt at a dynamic exhibit. This
involved an ice skater who was encased in Ultraprene, including the boots
of her skates. Her suit fit her perfectly except that the breast cups (or
more accurately, cones) extended out beyond her actual breasts. She was
told to execute a fast spin on the toe of one skate. As soon as she was
up to speed, Cynthia froze her suit and attendants grabbed her before she
could fall and carried her to the workshop. There they attached a steel
shaft to the skate so as to extend its axis of rotation. The figure was
now mounted on top of a plinth containing a vertical-shaft motor. She was
then set spinning considerably faster than she had been at the moment her
Ultraprene shell had hardened. Inside, the woman felt the centrifugal force
pressing her outward against the unyielding case. Her breasts, however,
swelled outward to fill the excess volume of the cups. This resulted in
a strange, though not unpleasant, sensation.

These first sculptures were mainly tests to try out the technique and
were kept for a maximum of only a few days. The subjects at first enjoyed
the total relaxation and complete support their bodies received from the
hard shells, but after about a day, the lack of sensation led to boredom.
The volunteers spent much of their time dozing.

This did not trouble Cynthia too much because she had already thought
out the next phase and was confident it would solve this problem. She called
her new idea the duet sculpture, a concept much more in tune with the Museum's
erotic theme.

Starting off rather simply, Cynthia asked a young couple if they would
like to participate in the first duet sculpture. They volunteered enthusiastically
because they loved to mix their kinky interests, with their fascination
with technology. In fact, Cynthia had met the two at a local ham radio
club. And, as you will see, her selection of this couple was not arbitrary.

Both were dressed in complete Ultraprene suits, including helmets which
overlapped the collars. The man's suit covered him completely except for
breathing holes, and a snug-fitting opening through which his sex protruded.
His partner was similarly dressed with the opening at her sex just large
enough for the male to penetrate. Each suit also contained sensors for
physiological monitoring. This would insure that the volunteers were suffering
no adverse physical effects, and it would allow the Academy researchers
to investigate their reactions.

Cynthia took a broad paint brush and slathered the fronts of the suits
with thick liquid Ultraprene. She also forced some into the area where
the helmets overlapped the suit collars. The Curator handed the man a rubber
sheath (ordinary latex, not Ultraprene) with a flange around the base.
She told him to put it on and press the flange against the front of his
Ultraprene suit where it was already wet with liquid Ultraprene.

The couple mated in a classic "missionary" position. The man, being
a dedicated fetishist had been hard from the moment he had dressed in the
tight-fitting outfit, and his lover was moist and lubricated as well.

After the couple were well under way, Cynthia told the man to thrust
as deeply as possible and then instantly froze both suits. Not only did
the Ultraprene garments rigidize, but the liquid between them hardened
as well, bonding the two figures into a single rigid form. The Hibernex
now took effect and they were set for a two-week display.

Inside the mold, neither partner could move the slightest bit so "pumping"
was impossible. The only stimulation either could give or receive was by
contracting the muscles of their sex organs, and this was limited by the
Hibernex-induced muscle relaxation. Thus, while both were highly excited,
it was quite impossible for either to reach climax. One of Cynthia's predictions
did work out. Within a few hours, the partners were communicating by contracting
their internal muscles in Morse code. The conversations went on intermittently
for most of the two weeks of the display. A few curious members of the
Staff asked Cynthia to decode the messages, but she told the busy-bodies
to mind their own business. She felt the content had no scientific significance
and was about as "private" as any conversation could be.

At the end of the exhibit, both partners were given Hibernex Antidote.
At long last, their internal movements were strong enough to produce an
explosive long-awaited climax. The technicians carefully cut the molds
apart. This resulted in three pieces: the back of the male, the back of
the female, and the joined fronts. After the couple recovered, they begged
the Academy staff to fit the cut mold pieces with flanges and latches so
they could repeat the experience on over-night sessions.

Encouraged by this first success of a duet sculpture, the Curator selected
two more volunteers for an even more advanced display. In this case, they
were picked separately; neither was told who the other partner was. Once
again, however, Cynthia chose her subjects well. Both were among the several
Academy members into wheel bondage. That is, they loved to be strapped
to a vertical rotating wheel and spun while being sexually teased. As a
result of this bizarre predilection, both had been conditioned to endure
extended periods of rotation with no adverse effects. Each, in fact, sometimes
slept the night on a wheel.

As with the first couple, Cynthia dressed them in full Ultraprene suits
with monitoring instruments built in. Again, the male protruded, covered
by a thin latex sheath with its flange cemented to his suit. While the
man's suit was extremely tight, the woman's was slightly less snug from
the midriff to mid-thigh and wet on the inside with a lubricating fluid.

Cynthia gave the man his Hibernex and led him to the wheel. It was a
wooden disk about 8 feet in diameter. For the moment it lay horizontal,
supported on saw horses. The face of the wheel was deeply padded with foam
Ultraprene and painted thickly with Ultraprene liquid. When the man lay
on his back on the wheel face, he sank into the padding almost to the half-line
of his body. Cynthia and her assistants positioned him in a spread-eagle
position and held his arms and legs down while they hardened the Ultraprene.
Not only did the suit harden, but so did the padding and the liquid, bonding
everything together. As the Hibernex took effect, the male was fused into
a spread eagle and was one-piece with the wheel face.

Cynthia applied a second layer of thick Ultraprene liquid all over the
man's front and brought in the female volunteer. She was given her Hibernex
and instructed to lie face down on top of the male, but end-for-end so
that her hands reached toward his feet and vice versa. She then lowered
herself on the erect tool and settled herself into as comfortable a spread
eagle position as she could. The man's tool was now pointed at a relative
downward angle as it entered her sex. Once she indicated her readiness,
Cynthia flashed the ultraviolet lamp and froze the exhibit. This not only
hardened the woman's shell, but also the liquid Ultraprene between the
partners. The wheel, the man, and the woman were now a single rigid inflexible
structure.

The final step was to hoist the wheel to a vertical position and lock
its hub to the horizontal axle of the motor drive. As the wheel picked
up speed, the woman found that the slightly loose fit of her shell allowed
her middle to slide just slightly toward the foot end of her mold as she
turned head-up and toward the head end as she turned upside down. Her partner,
however, was held motionless by his much tighter mold. Thus with each revolution,
she slid just slightly up and down on the man's rubber-clad organ thereby
creating the expected stroking action.

Cynthia speculated that the combined stimulation of the tight confinement
and rotation added to the induced pumping would probably bring both partners
to climax in a relatively short time were they in a normal state of consciousness,
but the Hibernex allowed much more stimulation before this limit was reached.
Nevertheless, The Curator realized that while the woman's orgasms would
have little effect on the exhibit, it was important to keep her partner
from coming and then going soft. She therefore transmitted the subjects’
physiological monitoring signals through slip rings from their spinning
world to instruments in the control room. A computer processed the data
to give an arousal index for each partner, but it was the man's index that
was fed back to the speed control for the wheel motor. Thus as he got close
to release, the rotation slowed down or stopped and the stimulation diminished.

In this way, it was possible to maintain the exhibit for the full three
weeks. In order to achieve this, though, the man was kept continuously
erect. Most of the time, the stimulation was just sufficient for erection,
but often Cynthia would manipulate the arousal set-point so he was kept
at the brink for hours but not allowed to pass over the edge.

During these times the man knew that coming would end this wonderfully
sensual experience, At the same time he was screaming inside for release
of the building tension. However, he also knew that, unlike in ordinary
love making, he did not have the choice to make. The matter was entirely
out of his control. It was like being on a wild amusement ride where even
if you have had enough, you are on it till the end.

It was only at the end of the three weeks that Cynthia neutralized the
Hibernex, bypassed the automatic controls, and maintained maximum speed
until the explosive release.

.
