---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Elaine’s Second Cousin Melanie 2
authors:
- Bob Salinas
tags:
- Sbm
- F-m
- M-f
- bond
- bdsm
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2005-01-01 00:00:00
---

**In
Memoriam – Elaine H., 1949-1999**

**Part Two**

Please read [part 1](elaines_second_cousin_melanie.html) first
for this to make more sense

After an eternity of waiting and suffering, I heard a key on the front
door and the door opening and closing. For a moment, there was silence,
and then the sound of the toilet flushing Melanie’s output safely away.
Then I heard footsteps on the stairs and the door opened. I couldn’t see
the door from my cell, so I just waited and looked at my reflection until….

“Oh, my god!” Melanie’s giggles assured me that she wasn’t shocked or
put off by my self-bondage predicament or by my blatant nakedness. She
stepped in front of me, a vision in a white jumpsuit. “Damn, you look appetizing!
This I’ve got to save.” She stepped out for a second and returned with
a small camera and took her time capturing about a dozen shots of my predicament,
getting several exquisite close-ups of my tormented nipples and balls.

Finally, Melanie stepped back and set the camera down on the floor and
stepped between me and the mirrors. “Elaine told me about some of the things
you used to do to each other when you were tied up. Would you like to see
how well I’ve learned?” I nodded my head in enthusiastic assent.

Standing so I could see her from both front and back, she reached behind
herself to unzip the back of her jump suit. As she pulled the zipper down
her back, the top spread open to reveal a red bra strap. The zipper continued
downward past her waist, below which I saw a matching pair of red bikini
panties stretching over her firm ass cheeks. She lowered the front of the
suit, revealing the red bra which lifted her voluptuous breasts to me,
and then dropped it to the floor, revealing the red panties as they disappeared
between her thighs. My cock stretched out to her, aching for her touch.

“Elaine told me how she did things to you”, Melanie said with a smile
as she stepped to me. She held out her arms and hugged me from the side,
staying clear of the cords and the clamps and the noose. Then she kissed
me on the edge of my gagged mouth as she let her hands wander over my body,
over my chest, over my nipples, over my belly, and down to my crotch. Her
soft, warm hand tickled my balls for a moment before it closed around my
cock. Smoothly, she stroked me expertly until she heard me groan through
my gag.

She smiled. “Ahhh… you like Melanie’s touch, huh?” I nodded affirmatively.
Slowly, she sank to her knees, and I felt her lips at my cock. Damn, she
was good! She brought me to the edge of an explosive orgasm before she
abruptly let my cock slip out of her mouth into the cool air, where the
twinges of my orgasm faded. Melanie looked up at me with a smile: “Elaine
told me how to do that. Awful, ain’t I?” I nodded my head in agreement-
Elaine had been a master of the art of knowing when I was about to cum,
and stopping just before I came.

“Okay, Bob- now I’m going to change your position. Notice I didn’t say
I was going to let you loose!” My heart jumped within my breast as I realized
that I had been granted a playmate with all the delightful skills and enthusiasm
of Elaine. She stepped to me and carefully removed my bonds. In a matter
of minutes I was lying bound on the floor with my wrists tied to my neck
and my legs tied together with my ankles crossed. She looked at me slyly
as she removed the gag from my mouth.

“Hmmm… you like having your mouth plugged, don’t you?”

“Yes, Melanie, when I’m self-bound. But when I’m with you I want to
be able to talk!”

“Good- communication is important, and the more erotic the better! But
let me do the talking.” I stayed respectfully silent as Melanie stood over
me- one foot on either side of my head, facing my feet. I gazed up at her
as she spread her feet wider, staring up at her ass cheeks and at the red
panties as they crossed her cheeks and almost disappeared between her thighs.

Melanie bent her knees and knelt over my face; the crotch of her panties
slipped between her pussy lips, and I caught a whiff of warm pussy. She
squatted further until the flimsy fabric brushed my nose. My cock, now
fully erect, throbbed and strained. She ignored it, of course, and rocked
her hips forward and back, until my nose was ground into her ass. “I’m
usually rather fastidious, but just for you I wasn’t too careful the last
time I pooped.” True- my nose, only millimeters from her back door to heaven,
picked up the heady odor of her shit. My balls cried for release- I wasn’t
as fastidious as she was!

She stood up, taking her asshole away from me. I looked up between her
thighs and watched her pulling her panties down off her butt cheeks and
down her legs. Then I watched her crotch descending on me, her pussy lips
opening as they neared my face. Slowly, ever so slowly, her asshole descended
on my nose, and then her pussy lips nestled on my lips. “Put your tongue
to good use, Bob!” She squirmed atop me to encourage me.

I’m no stranger to face-sitting, and I went eagerly to work pleasuring
her pussy. In a matter of moments, I felt her pussy become wet and hot.
A few moments more, and I heard her moaning and groaning. Her hips bucked
back and forth over me, making it difficult for me to keep a grip on her
target. Then she squealed and ground her twat into my face: “I’m so close,
Bob- make me cum! Please make me cum!”

I lifted my face into her crotch, which slowed down her bucking, and
I did my admittedly-expert best to ease her into her orgasm. I felt one
hand descend to my tits, and then I heard her squeal loudly as a gush of
joy juice spurted out onto my face as she threw her nontrivial weight onto
me. Her flesh cut off my air for a while, but finally she eased back and
I felt a gush of air entering my lungs- air heavily scented with her passion.

A moment more and Melanie slid back off me and sat beside me, the warm
meat of her hip pressing against the side of my head. She quietly caressed
the side of my head as she told me “Damn, Bob, you know how to use that
tongue of yours! Elaine told me that you were good, but you’re super!”

“Thank you, Melanie- it was my pleasure serving you, and I’m very glad
I was able to give you your orgasm. If course, I do regret just a little
that I wasn’t able to cum with you.” My cock and balls were both aching
something awful.

Melanie got to her knees and started untying me. “I can understand that.
Of course, you’re aware that a delayed orgasm is very important in bondage
or self-bondage, right?”

“Of course… you’re perceptive.”

“Thank you- and I’ve done my homework too. But now I want to see the
dungeon you told me about.”

**Part Three**

I took Melanie’s hand and led her toward the door. “Hey, can I get dressed
first?”

“Hmmm… okay, put your panties back on. I’ll get you a pair of slippers.”

As we prepared to leave the site of my self-bondage dungeon, she was
wearing only her lacy red pushup bra, which she had pushed up over her
breasts while she was riding my face- I imagine more to get at her nipples
that to cool down! (Elaine had often commented that her nipples were incredibly
sensitive and wired directly to her clit, and this seemed to run in the
family- or maybe to her gender.) Melanie’s bra was too big to be described
as flimsy- it had to be substantial to support a rack like hers- but it
was pretty and the bright red fairly shouted ‘SLUT!”, which I’m sure is
one reason she chose it.

I pulled on a black vinyl robe (I had chosen this and set it out as
something suitable for a dominant scene which might happen if I were very,
very fortunate) and picked up a pair of slippers for her. I turned to watch
as she carefully rearranged the bra, pulling it out and down, over and
under her breasts. She watched my face as I watched how the bra shaped
and lifted her boobs… oh, my! She smiled again, happy to see my approval
of her body, something common to girls everywhere who have less-than-perfect
bodies. Then Melanie bent over to pick up her panties, cast aside as she
bared her crotch to sit on my face.

I watched from behind as Melanie slipped her panties up her legs and
up over her ass cheeks, marveling happily at how her cheeks jiggled before
they disappeared. Mostly disappeared, that is- the panties were skimpy
and covered maybe a third of her ample cheeks! She turned to see me observing
happily as the panties dipped into the crack of her ass, smiled, and held
out her hand.

I took her hand and led her down the hall and down the stairs, which
ended at a wooden door I had covered with Contac paper (trademark of somebody
or other) to look like what I thought a dungeon door should look like.
Melanie smiled as I held the door for her: “Step into my parlor, young
lady!”

I flipped on the light switch and led her past the curtained-off washer
and dryer (hey, even perverts need clean clothes) to the ‘working end’
of the dungeon, which featured several rope hoists, a wooden punishment
horse, and a pillory. She looked around, her eyes wide. “Wow… Elaine told
me about the dungeon, but being there is something else!”

“Yes, I hope it doesn’t shock you too badly! Over several years I have
constructed quite a few pieces of what they call ‘abusive furniture’, more
than I can keep here; I chose these and moved them from storage to here
just for your visit, in the hope you might share them with me.”

Melanie smiled as she finished her visual tour of the dungeon. “Bob,
I’m kind of hard to shock! I’m just a hair concerned that I might be getting
in over my head (not to mention the rest of me), but absolutely I want
to try out these devices and share the experience with you.” I smiled and
reached for her hand. This time, I pulled her to me for a long embrace,
in which she joined eagerly. I kissed her on the side of her neck as my
hand caressed her barely-covered ass cheeks, and she squirmed eagerly into
me and reached under my robe to caress my back and ass cheeks … she’s a
slut, remember?

I finally released her and smiled as she stepped to the punishment horse,
examining it carefully. “This looks like a perverted version of what they
made us use in high school- I was never very good at it.”

“Well, maybe it takes a while for the knowledge to sink in- care to
try it?”

She giggled self-consciously as she stood there semi-naked in her red
underwear. “Well, you’re probably right. How do I use this thing?”

I pushed a footstool beside the horse, and Melanie stepped right up
without hesitation, threw one leg over, and seated her panty-clad ass on
the horse. I shoved the stool out of the way and moved to her, putting
one hand high on her back and pressing to urge her to a lying-down position
atop the horse. “This is the traditional position in which young ladies
ride the horse”, I told her as I scooted her back a bit. I lifted her ankles
and locked them in leather cuffs bolted to the legs at one end of the horse.
Figuring out what was coming next, she smiled and extended her arms, and
I locked her wrists in the cuffs on the other end of the horse.

Melanie’s eyes followed me as I stepped to the wall which was covered
with pegboard and hooks which displayed a vast array of toys for restraint
and the inflicting of pleasurepain on my guest. She looked at the selection
of handcuffs, ankle cuffs, straps, dildos, vibrators, nipple clamps, padlocks,
chains… I knew what my first feelings were when I visited a dominatrix’
dungeon and saw the selection of toys she could use on me! I came back
with two belts, one of which I draped over her shoulders. The other one
went around the horse at her waist, and I pulled it snug to squeeze her
tummy hard against the horse.

Melanie wiggled against the strap. “Hmmm… snug. Hey, aren’t you the
guy who’s into self-bondage? What’s this with you binding a helpless young
damsel in your dungeon?”

“Well, sort of. But that ensures that I know what
feels good and what feels bad and how to do it!”

She smiled and squirmed
against the straps which bound her to the punishment horse. “Well, what
else would you do to a helpless damsel in this position?”

I stepped alongside her and retrieved the other belt from her shoulders.
“Well, if she had been impertinent or otherwise naughty, I might spank
her bottom. You might notice that your bottom is thoroughly exposed and
vulnerable”, I told her as I patted said bottom with my free hand, happily
observing how it jiggled. Then I stepped back and doubled the belt, holding
it by the buckled end. Melanie’s eyes widened and I saw her strain against
the cuffs.

“Ahhh… I see that you can feel that you are helpless! You can pull at
the cuffs, but nothing happens. You can strain against the strap that binds
you to the horse, but you can’t move. You are firmly anchored to the horse,
and you can move only millimeters, not enough to escape the agony that’s
coming!” Her eyes opened wide as I raised the belt and brought it down
firmly on her ass with a loud “Crack!”

“Owww!” came from Melanie. (I hadn’t
hit her all that hard, and the doubled belt whacking against itself made
most of the noise.)

I reached out and gently caressed the exposed skin of her ass cheeks;
I had left a reddened strip across her curves. “That wasn’t all that bad,
was it, my damsel?”

“Hell, yes, it was! That stung!”, Melanie responded.

“Well, I guess you’ll just have to get used to it”, I responded, and proceeded
to paint more stripes of pain across her plump cheeks. I swatted her six
times, and six times she squealed, each louder than the one before it.

I tossed the belt to the floor and stepped to her, gently stroking her
bottom through her panties. She wasn’t crying, not quite, but she had clearly
been paddled. “Notice how the spanking warms your bottom”, I mentioned.
“The blood flow to the region is increased. You may also have noticed that
the increased blood flow also brings sensations to other pleasure-oriented
areas of your lower body”, I told her in a professorial tone.

“Hmmm… yes, you’re right, Bob. I wouldn’t choose getting my ass beaten
as my favorite way to spend a spring afternoon, but it certainly has awakened
my pussy!” I chuckled and began releasing the belt and the cuffs binding
her to the horse. I helped her sit up and then held out my arms; she slid
off the horse to me, and I held her wiggling body against me for a minute.

I released her reluctantly, took her by the hand and led her to the
pillory, noticing that she didn’t hang back! The pillory was a special
device of my own construction. Two vertical posts at either side supported
the traditional ‘yoke’ with one neck-sized hole and a wrist-sized hole
at either side. “I built this for me, so the holes might be a bit large
for you.”

”See this side?” At the end of the yoke opposite the hinge was a small
box containing a battery-operated timer. “When I do a self-bondage scene,
I set this timer for however long I please. After I set the timer and close
the gate, I’m helpless- there’s no way in the world I’m going to get loose
until the time expires. Of course, for you I’ll just lock it manually and
open it whenever I please. What you please, of course, has little to do
with that.” She smiled in anticipation with some concern mixed in.

At the base of the device was mounted a pair of stocks. “And down here
is an addition to the usual Puritan device- a pair of stocks which will
hold your ankles, rendering your legs and lower body pretty much immobile…
and vulnerable.” Melanie looked at the stocks and then at me.

“Okay, Bob, enough tantalizing. Will you PLEASE show me how it works
and feels?”

“Melanie, I thought you’d never ask! Actually, that’s how IT
works and how YOU feel! And now I will do my best to show you how it and
I can enhance how you feel.” I put my hands on her waist and gently positioned
her, facing the pillory with her ankles up against the stocks. I reached
to the side, released the latch, and opened the yoke of the pillory. And
next I pronounced her sentence…

“Miss Melanie, you have been found guilty of public naughtiness, assisting
a pervert in his evilness, and other flagrant crimes. You are sentenced
to be locked in the pillory until such time as you repent of your sins!
Take your position, harlot!” Not completely aware of what awaited her,
she chuckled, placed her hands in the cutouts, and leaned forward to place
her neck in its place.

Being careful not to pinch her skin, I carefully lowered the gate, slamming
it down the last inch to produce an appropriately ominous “THUD!”. I slipped
a heavy pin into place. “The yoke is now latched, and your head and hands
are now imprisoned. As a matter of fact, your entire body is imprisoned.”
I stroked her bottom, with emphasis on her nether cleavage, to emphasize
her helplessness. Melanie wiggled her ass against my hand, savoring her
helplessness.

I stepped around the pillory and arranged a pair of full-length mirrors
so that Melanie had no choice but to have a full view of herself- her fingers
waggling helplessly, her head locked in position, her body helplessly exposed
to me. Still smiling, she said “The holes aren’t too tight, Bob, but then
again I can’t pull my hands out through them, either.” With a twinkle in
her eye, she continued “I’m helpless against anything you might do to me!”

I looked into her eyes as I slipped both hands down into her bra; she
squirmed as I quickly stroked my hands under her bulging boobs and pinched
her nipples. “Oohhh…”

“Silence, harlot, or your punishment will be increased!”

I stepped behind her and knelt at her feet. As I descended, I gave her
a quick kiss on the cleavage between her plump ass cheeks, which drew an
exquisite squeal, and unlatched the stocks. As she watched in the mirrors,
I maneuvered her ankles into position and latched the stocks closed, locking
her legs to the pillory. This left her bent at the waist, her breasts dangling.
Her bra less supported than restrained her breasts, keeping them from flopping
heavily. Her ankles were more than two feet apart, a position which left
her thighs parted and vulnerable. I gently stroked her inner thighs as
I stood up behind her and admired the way that her panties exposed her
posterior cleavage.

“Of course, a vixen such as yourself should not be allowed the shelter
or protection of clothing. Never fear- should you actually need to wear
underwear, I’ll take you shopping.” Melanie smiled at me in the mirror.

“Yes, Elaine told me about your arrangements- how you took her shopping
at the Big Babes Shoppe after you ripped her underwear off her!”

“True… I also took her shopping to buy things to tear off her!” I unhooked
the back strap of her bra, reached around her to grab it between the cups,
and pulled it sharply downward; the shoulder straps parted and the garment
hung limp in my hands. I tossed it to the side as I watched the mirrored
reflection of her dancing breasts. Wow!

Tearing myself away from the spectacle, I reached down, grabbed the
seat of her panties, and with one serious tug ripped them from her body.
I thought about taking a quick sniff, but then again the original scent
of her pussy was still smeared across my face, so I bypassed the pleasure
and tossed the mangled panties atop her broken bra. I stepped around and
looked closely at her as she watched my approval of her body. “You are
a marvelously-curved young lady. A shame you’re such a harlot and must
be punished!”

Joining in the game, she begged ”Oh, please, Master, don’t
punish me. I’ll make you so happy if you don’t punish me!”

“WHAT!! Are you attempting to bribe an officer of the church’s court
with your body? This will increase your punishment severely!” I roared
out my outrage and reached for a fraternity paddle- two feet of polished
pine, eight inches wide, a secure handle, and a series of one-inch holes
piercing its surface. I stood beside her hips as she pleaded with me to
let her off.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it, I was afraid of how cruel you
would be to me!” She let out a loud “OWWW!!” as the paddle slapped hard
across her ass. I watched, almost amazed, as a ripple raced across her
butt, like ripples in a pond. I lifted the paddle and saw that I had painted
a light red stripe across her cheeks, with a series of red-bordered circles
within.

I raised the paddle again, watching the terrified expression on Melanie’s
face as I brought it down sternly on the lower edge of her ass cheeks,
just above her thighs. “Aghhhowwww!” Again and again I struck her with
the paddle, until her ass was a deep pink from high on her ass to the middle
of her thighs. I finally lowered the paddle, my arm exhausted. Melanie
leaned against the pillory, and I could see tears dripping down her face.

I stepped around the pillory and held her face in my hands. She cried
into my hands: “Oh, Bob, that hurt so much! My ass is on fire. But my little
twat is on fire too. Please let me loose and make love to me, please!”
I kissed her firmly, and she responded so eagerly she almost sucked my
tongue out. I would have loved to take her right there on the concrete
floor, but that wasn’t the way I had to do it (and her).

I took off my robe, stepped behind her again and stood behind her. I
leaned forward with my hands on the pillory, leaning against her so she
could feel my erection poking between her plump cheeks. Melanie wiggled
against me desperately, I watched her bare breasts bobbling and then looked
deep into her eyes. “Ooohhh! Please, Bob, do me! Don’t be gentle, do me
hard! I’m so horny it’s incredible!”

Well, I couldn’t really let that go. Besides that, I was incredibly
horny myself- sleeping bound in my chastity belt and strait jacket last
night, self-bound and tormented this afternoon and then bound and helplessly
face-sat by Melanie this afternoon, and now incredibly excited by this
bound, flogged, and squirmy nymphet!

I gave up any thought of protracting our foreplay. Pressing my legs
together, I leaned into Melanie’s jutting rump and steered my cock across
her asscheeks. I felt her shiver as I slipped my cockhead between her cheeks
and down across her asshole and finally found her pussy lips. This position
was poor for penetration, but I slipped my cock between her lips and found
her pussy.

“Ohhh… that’s it… shove it in me and fuck me, Bob! Please! I want it
in me so bad!” I wanted it in her so bad, too. I shoved it into her, loving
the way she humped back at me, taking more and more of my cock into her
with each shove.

I looked over the top of the pillory at her face as it was reflected
in the mirror; her eyes were squinched shut in passion. Her heavy breasts
swayed back and forth, their nipples distended as she squirmed with desire,
and her helpless fingers waggled in the air. I held on to the top of the
pillory and used it as leverage to fiercely pump my throbbing erection
into her sloppy-wet vagina.

In only a couple of long minutes I was rewarded with Melanie’s squeal:
“Oh, my god, you’re making me cum, Bob! Do me hard and cum with me! Let
me feel your juices spurt inside me! Cum with me now!” Her dirty talk and
raw desire pushed me over the top. I felt my balls cramp and the scorching
burn of my cum roaring down the shaft of my cock.

“Aggghhhh! Here it comes, Melanie! You’re making me cum with you! Here’s
my cum spurting inside your pussy!” Wad after wad of boiling cum spurted
out of the slit in the end of my cock into Melanie’s slippery, grasping
twat. Damn damn damn!

Finally it stopped, and I gently slipped my cock out of Melanie’s crotch,
noticing the long sticky string that connected the tip of my cock and her
pussy. I stepped around to kiss her lips and stroke her breasts (amazingly,
I hadn’t had my hands full of her meat yet- I’d been too occupied!) before
I released her from the pillory.

Neither of us were too steady on our feet, but I walked her to the stairs
and the summoned up the last of my strength to pick up her naked body and
carry her up the stairs. I gently lay her down on the king-sized waterbed
and lay down beside her, where both of us fell asleep in a satisfied exhaustion.
