---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/jessica_darling12.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: 'Jessica Darling 12: She''s Got That Glazed Look...'
authors:
- Michael England
tags:
- F+/f
- bond
- bdsm
- susp
- encase
- emerse
- toys
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2010-03-18 00:00:00
---

LEGAL NOTICE: This is purely a work of fiction. All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
continued from [chapter 11](jessica_darling11.html)

**Chapter 12: She's Got That Glazed Look...**

Brulée led Jessica through several hallways in the expansive underground
complex, the whole time telling the tale of 'Crème Brulée's ascent'
through the art and cooking worlds, of her favorite inspirations, and
particularly of Brulée's favorite subjects. Clearly Brulée was relishing
the chance to act as master instructor to Jessica's seemingly willing
curiosity.
As they arrived at another set of doors, Brulée reached into the pocket of
her apron/lab coat and entered another key sequence into her ever-present
phone/remote device. Hitting the 'send' button released the locks and the
two white doors slid open revealing what Jessica realized was yet another
set of workshops. There were alcoves lining one entire wall, six in all
Jessica counted, all lined with some type of grayish material. Jessica
could see some technicians working by the far alcove.

"Ah, excellent! We've arrived just in time for you to see the start of our
next project!" Brulée exclaimed with glee. "Now you'll get an up close
opportunity to see one of our processes done on a live subject!"

Brulée
led Jessica into the work area by the alcove and bid her to sit down on a
stool in the corner of the area "to get a good look" Brulée commented.
The moment Jessica sat on the stool, Brulée hit a familiar key sequence
and Jessica's ankle cuffs again clapped together.

"Now, I believe you're
properly situated so I can begin my work." Brulée noted as she began to
put on a pair of latex examination gloves and began barking instructions
to her latexed minions.

Jessica's curiosity only grew as the doors to the work room slid open
again and a single assistant walked in with Brulée's latest subject in
tow. Jessica gasped as she realized Bobbi Brennan was to be Brulée's
latest artistic endeavor. As Cocoa approached Brulée, Jessica took in
Bobbi's predicament. The songstress was stripped naked save for a steel
bondage collar, more ornate in design to the one Jessica had locked around
her own neck, and a pair of 7" spike heeled calf-length ballet boots in
pure white.

Something struck Jessica as very odd; save for the collar and
the attached leash which was being used to lead the singer into the
alcove, Bobbi was not restrained in any other way. It was almost as if she
were either a willing participant or her spirit had been broken enough
that she thought her situation was hopeless.
Bobbi didn't look up to view anyone until the assistant positioned her
directly in front of Brulée, who took Bobbi's chin her her hand and raised
her head up to look into her eyes.

"Ah... yes... you will make a very
tasty treat for one of your wealthy fans my dear... very tasty indeed!"

Jessica couldn't believe her eyes, but the singer actually smiled back at
her captor.
Brulée turned and instructed her assistants to prepare Bobbi for her
"session" and then turned to Jessica.

Jessica spat out the first words...
"So, what do you do? Drug them so they're 'docile' or 'willing' Brulée?"

Brulée actually managed a look of surprise before responding to Jessica's
venom-laced questions. "Ms. Brennan? Drugged? My heavens no you sourpuss!
That would not give her the right emotion for my work! I much prefer that
my subjects be willing participants in order to fully convey the impact of
my efforts! I've only applied a little 'persuasion' to our lovely songbird
here so she's a more than willing participant.”

Jessica watched as Brulée
held out her hand and Bobbi softly rubbed her cheek against it, as if she
were a kitten snuggling it's new owner.
The remaining questions Jessica had lined up would have to wait as Brulée
quickly turned back to direct her assistants who had been preparing the
alcove and its equipment for the session. Once Brulée had been signaled
that everything was ready, Bobbi Brennan was led into the alcove and
guided to her position. The assistants directed her to bend over, at which
point a large plug which had been coated in some substance - "glue" Brulée
commented to Jessica as it was coated - was firmly pushed into Bobbi's
ass. A look of pleasure took residence on the singer's face as the
assistant ensured that the plug was firmly seated with a couple of firm
twists and tugs.

Once the plug was firmly and rigidly locked into its position, the
assistants added the second part of the display, which for Bobbi meant a
large tail of feathers that snapped into the recently installed plug. As
the feathered tail was fitted, Brulée walked into the alcove and whispered
something into the singer's ear, which enticed a large smile out of
Bobbi's face.
Brulée walked out of the alcove as the assistants placed the singer into
the final pose for her statue. Bobbi's legs were gently spread until they
were shoulder-width apart, and her upper body bent as the waist until she
reached approximately a 60 degree angle to the floor with her upper body.
Bobbi's arms were then maneuvered until both reached down between her
legs, both hands placed firmly on her pussy.

Brulée then made the final
adjustment to the pose, positioning Bobbi's head so that it was looking
slightly upwards as if wanting some invisible something that was being
dangled in front of her just out of reach. The assistants made sure that
Ms. Brennan's pert breasts were squeezed between her arms, creating a nice
view of her cleavage as Bobbi began to finger herself with both hands.

Working quickly, the assistants quickly inserted a balloon like Jessica
had seen used to make the oral mold at Heather's first session into
Bobbi's mouth and pumped the molding paste into it. Once that had been
accomplished, a second assistant quickly pulled a 3" diameter round
flexible tube from a receptacle in the wall of the alcove, and after
smearing some goop onto it, fitted it into Bobbi's mouth and had the
singer close her lips around it once the breathing tube in the middle of
the balloon had been mated to it's corresponding attachment.

At this
point, Brulée directed her assistants to leave the alcove and within mere
seconds it was empty save for the masturbating singer/subject.
Taking one last careful look, Brulée tapped the appropriate key sequence
into her remote, which caused a clear door to lower and lock into place in
a groove in the floor in front of the alcove. Brulée glanced over her
shoulder at the intrigued Jessica and inquired: "Can you see alright my
little crumpet? You wanted to see how I do this..."

Before Jessica could
answer, fortunately she could see everything perfectly from where she was
sitting, Brulée then hit a button on the wall by the alcove.
Jessica shuddered as multiple showerheads embedded all around the alcove,
including the floor, suddenly burst forth and spewed a liquid throughout
the entire alcove, instantly covering the posed singer. The shower
continued for a several moments before Brulée shut it off. Jessica
struggled to see what the result would be, waiting for the liquid to
slowly clear from the transparent alcove door.
Brulée smiled as the view cleared "Yes! Very tasty!! She's perfect!!"

Then, beaming, Brulée turned to Jessica and with a showman's flair
presented her new statue to her. "Ms. Darling! You are the first to see my
latest masterpiece! Albeit in raw form, none-the-less you can see the
beauty I have now brought into the world!"

Jessica took in the sight before her. The singer had been completely
covered in some sort of semi-clear, whitish substance that had adhered to
every inch of her and her feathered tail. Despite the appearance, the
singer did not appear to be outwardly harmed by the spray.

"What is that? Some type of low temperature wax? Jessica finally inquired.

"Nothing so unsophisticated my sweet!" Brulée admonished her unimaginative
captive. "Wax doesn't dry quickly enough to capture the subtlety of my
art, nor does it allow for multiple uses of the same form."

The word
'form' brought the realization that Jessica was seeing the creation of a
master mold, from which Brulée created her final statue.

"No my dear, that
is another wonderful invention of mine! 'I call it ‘Sculpting Glaze'!"

"Of course! Glaze! Confectionery-based! As in the glazing you find on
donuts" Jessica snickered.

"A crude observation at best Ms. Darling, as 'glaze' is also used in much
more sophisticated culinary concoctions. But, if that is the limits of
your tastes then, yes... as in glazed donuts." Brulée acquiesced with a
roll of her eyes. "Except in this case, my glaze quickly forms a hard
resin shell which adheres to and captures every intimate detail of the
subject it is sprayed onto. Not only does this capture the very essence of
the subject, the compound’s fast drying quality prevents the model from
shifting her position."

Brulée had just finished her sentence when the
computer-controlled process took over and started the spray again,
inundating the singer in another coat.

"As with the molding butter, it
takes as few coats to get a mold rigid enough to use more than a couple of
times and, in our savory songbird's case, I intend to make multiple copies
from different materials. She's just too tasty to use for a one-time
production!"

When the computerized process had finished its run, the singer had been
encased in a glaze shell several millimeters thick.

"Oh don't worry your
pretty head my crumpet!" Brulée soothed. "She's able to breathe just fine.
When we use the glaze, we usually coat the nasal passages with a
grease-like substance that the glaze can't stick to, and that tube in her
mouth is an oxygen feed...”

Brulée walked over to Jessica and began to
lightly stroke the investigator's blond hair.

“She's perfectly safe in
there, just unable to move a centimeter much less bring herself to orgasm
despite the fact she appears to have several fingers buried deep inside
herself. And once the glaze dries completely, in about 30 minutes, my
assistants will carefully cut the shell into two halves and return our
lovely songstress to her 'cage' to prepare for a very special performance
I have planned for later this evening."
Brulée then leaned over and whispered into Jessica's ear: "I'd bet you
would look just as delicious covered in glaze my crumpet... or covered in
most anything else." Brulée punctuated her observation with a light nip at
Jessica's earlobe.

Before Jessica could respond, Brulée had released the
magnetic force that fused her ankles together and bid her to continue to
follow Brulée on the guided tour of her fetish candyland.
Brulée led Jessica deeper into her confectionery-inspired fetish world,
showing the investigator every type of bizarre, erotic, arousing, use and
application of candy and confectionery-derived products that Brulée's
demented genus could conceive. Jessica noted that Brulée took great pride
in her ability to craft devious uses for her inventions, be it for
artistic or ‘other’ purposes.

One of the 'other' purposes Brulée made
sure that she showed Jessica, were the ways in which she leveraged her
inventions to punish those who had in some way run afoul of Madame
Brulée's graces.
The first demonstration involved one of the numerous house servants, a
stunning (in Jessica's own opinion) brunette, who had made the mistake of
giggling at one of the statues in Brulée's art gallery in the main house.
The servant was stripped nude, bent over so she was on all fours with her
arms and legs inserted in four empty teflon-coated molds. As the servant
begged for mercy, Brulée instructed the assistant in charge of
administering the commanded punishment to place a large jawbreaker gag in
the maid's mouth.
Suitable quieted, warm caramel-colored material was poured into the molds
until each were filled up to the servant's knees and elbows.

Jessica
understood that it wasn't the heat of the caramel that was causing the
maid to beg for forgiveness from the Madame, rather what was to come next.
Once the caramel had set to a rock hard consistency, Brulée called it
'caramel concrete', a large paddle made of some type of enhanced liquorice
was used to spank the servant's ass until tears streamed down her cheeks.
Once that punishment had been extracted, and Brulée had deemed herself
satisfied with the servant's contrition, the girl's legs were spread and
the cemented servant was speared with a large, pneumatically-driven
phallus (also made of liquorice Jessica concluded) and left to squirm as
she was repeatedly, rhythmically, forcefully rammed.

The second victim, whom Jessica instantly realized was her redheaded maid,
was similarly striped of her uniform, gagged and spanked, before being
bound at the wrists and ankles with liquorice ropes that had been attached
to four electric hoists in the ceiling. On command, one assistant
operated the hoists until the poor girl had been lifted by her limbs and
suspended a full meter above the metal table which she had been dumped
onto after her paddling. A second assistant then maneuvered Jessica's
suspended maid while a third removed a panel in the floor to expose a vat
filled with what Jessica could only comprehend was some thick glutinous
substance thickly laced with what Jessica, given Brulée's pattern, assumed
had to be 'gummi' worms.

"But... They look like they're moving!!!" Jessica could barely get the
words out before Brulée began to laugh.

"Yes my crumpet! They do look that way don't they!" Brulée cackled. "They
really aren't alive of course! They're the same 'gummi' worms you would
find in any candy store privileged enough to carry my products, but for
your erstwhile little playmate there they will certainly feel as if they
are alive as they squirm over every crack and crevice of her nuble little
body!"

Brulée continued Jessica's education as the suspended redhead's jawbreaker
gag was replaced with a ring-gag which had a long tube attached to the
opening. "You see that gelatinous slime in the vat? That happens a very
thick semi-solid semi-clear sugar mucilage which, not only will prevent
your little redheaded sex toy from thrashing about, also contains a
compound that is absorbed through the skin... a compound which is a very
powerful sensory stimulant."

Brulée paused to let her statement sink into
Jessica's thoughts.... “Once the unfortunate, or fortunate depending on
how your preferences run, person has been sucked into that sticky ooze the
vat is set to vibrate at very high frequencies, ones high-enough that you
really don't see it as anything more than a slight blur on the edges of
the vat itself..." Brulée paused to see if Jessica's investigative
intuition could put together the clues Brulée had fed to her in bite-sized
chunks...
"The vibrations not only reverberate through the mucilage, they also cause
the worms to move, which in turn further stimulates the embedded
victim..."

Jessica began to understand...
"Correct Ms. Darling! The vibrations and the movement of the worms against
every crack and crevice of her nubile young body will combine to drive
your unwitting little partner there wild!" Brulée finished Jessica's
analysis...

As if on clue, Jessica's maid was then slowly, tortuously, lowered into
the vat; the girl's eyes widening in panic as she crept ever closer to the
surface. She thrashed against her liquorice bonds the entire duration of
time it took for her to be sucked under the surface, until only her feet
and hands were left unencumbered above the goo.
"I love watching this part..." Brulée giggled as she pressed the
appropriate key sequence into her remote to start the massive vat's
vibration mechanism. It took a few moments before the vat's mass began to
resonate and the full measure of the girl's torture took effect.

Jessica wanted to turn away as the hapless servant's hands and feet began
to twitch and flip back and forth as the worms and the gooey pudding did
their merciless work. But for every part of her that wanted to look away
another, stronger, part kept her keenly focused on the maid's every twitch
and spasm. Jessica tried to keep control of her thoughts, fighting the
temptation to imagine the complete stimulation her unwitting assistant's
entire body must be going through. Jessica had to pinch herself out of the
dream as she felt her own sex begin to drip as she delved too deeply into
the fantasy of what it would be like to be on the other end of those
liquorice ropes, deep in the glutinous embrace of Brulée's vat.

After a few moments of entertainment, Brulée motioned for the assistant
controlling the winch to lower the thrashing servant until she had been
completely absorbed; every square millimeter of her nubile body, including
her hands and feet, completely buried in the writhing mass of paste and
gummi worms. The girl's breathing tube, fed through her ring-gag, was
attached to a device that would keep her well supplied with oxygen as the
panel over the vat was slid closed, plunging Jessica's unwitting and
unknowing accomplice into complete darkness.

"I know it seems cruel to you my crumpet, but good servants must remember
to always respect the Madame of the house and obey her and only her rules.
This little one failed to remember exactly who her Madame is, and thus
failed to demonstrate her absolute obedience to me and only me...” Brulée
explained as she led Jessica down yet another hallway in her underground
sugarcoated fetish fantasy world.

Jessica reflected on Brulée's comment on discipline in the household,
remembering one of the very few times she had to reprimand Antonia.
Although nothing nearly as twisted, Jessica had punished Antonia by making
her spend the better part of an entire day parading around the house
clothed in nothing but a bit-gag, ballet boots, and a pony-girl's tail
stuffed in her ass. Antonia's punishment had been demanded as an effort
to teach a her a lesson about making sure she kept Jessica's motorcycle
boots clean after Jessica had seen them sitting in the garage by her red
Ducati for several days, caked in mud and dirt; the aftermath of a ride
around the winery through an unexpected downpour.

Jessica's memories were abruptly interrupted as Brulée suddenly stopped
and turned to face her...
"And my dear Ms. Darling, while that may seem cruel...” Brulée bent over
to whisper the last point in Jessica's ear... “it is nothing compared to
what I have planned for you my tasty little morsel.”
