---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/wendys_pizza.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Wendy’s Pizza Adventure
authors:
- J Bond
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- gag
- M/f
- bond
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2002-05-01 00:00:00
---

When I grew up in Ohio, I was and still am a very shy girl. This has
given me many nights of crying my heart out because I just couldn’t do
the things that most people seem to do with ease.   I had a few
boyfriends and I’m no virgin. But I always would lose them to other girls
that were outgoing and more direct and not so scared to do anything. After
I graduated college I moved to Texas and now work for a computer design
company. Most of the work I do can be done at my home, so I don’t have
to be around many people on a daily basis. I work about 10 hours a day
and by late evening I will order out so I don’t have to leave and go sit
alone in some fast food place. I love pizza and will order it two to three
times a week. For the last two months when the pizza man shows up, his
name is Sam, he has tried to make small talk with me and I am starting
to talk back with him, I found out that he is 23 and studying to be a Doctor
and works part time at the pizza place till school starts up again. He
says the hours are hard, but the tips are good and he gets to meet nice
people like me. I always give him a 5-dollar tip and he has got to know
me a little too.

He is tall with nice hair and a great smile. Lately I have been day
dreaming about him and it has got to the point that it’s driving me crazy
with desire but alas, I know I don’t have the nerve to start anything with
him. Now I, am 25, and not bad looking either at 5 foot 4 with blond hair
and a 36-24-36 figure, I get whistles a lot, but that makes me turn red
from being so shy and I never would look back, just keep going. I had met
a girl on the computer that I work with and she loves to tell me the story's
about all the things her boyfriend and her do and she goes into great detail
sometimes. One time she told me about her boyfriend tying her up and making
love to her, said it was the absolute best sex she had ever had. That sure
got the wheels turning for me. I looked around on my computer and found
some interesting sites that offer bdsm; the girls look so scared on some
of them but yet so willing too.

After awhile I began to come up with a plan for myself that would set
me free and scare me at the same time.  I ordered a ball gag, some
leg cuffs and some wrist cuffs and locks from one of the sites toy stores. I sure would never go in a store and do that, I would have frozen stiff,
then turned red and run out of the store.  A week went by and a package
came today. I opened it up and there was my stuff. I tried the cuffs on
and they felt good, so I put the gag in my mouth past my teeth and strapped
it behind my head. It took awhile to adjust to it but in awhile it to felt
good, I liked the idea that I could make no real sound from it’s hold,
that means I can’t talk and can’t scream or anything to stop what I had
planned for tonight. But will I have the nerve to go though with it or
will I back out again?

Yes I had tried other things, like to answer the door with a nightie
on; twice before, but to only grab a robe soon as the doorbell rang and
see Sam looking at me red as a beet!!!  I knew what I had to do to
overcome this and that's make it so I could back out once I started it
and this was my plan for tonight. As I sit here thinking about this the
shyness is trying to overtake me, but at the same time my body is starting
to bubble up like it never has before with anticipation and I am starting
to have all kinds of wild fantasies about how its going to be when he finds
me helpless.

Its 9pm, time to go to the garage and set up the things I need to do.
I get some nails and a hammer and place the nails about 5 ft apart at the
top and bottom and grab some chain I had from a hanging lamp and hook it
to the nails so I can have some room to work with later. Now I go back
into the house to get the keys that I had frozen in ice that go to the
locks that would hold me captive. I had learned this trick on a web site
that was into bondage and safety escapes. First I have to get undressed,
well for me that means down to my black panties and a loose t -shirt and
black high heels, that’s as brave as I have gotten so far. This done I’m
already starting to shake a little, can I go though with this or not? I
want this to happen so bad I tell myself it’s going to be a great adventure
and to settle down.

Next thing is get the ice and take it to the garage and run the string
down to where the keys will fall into my hand after about two hours if
nobody shows up. Then I could get free by bending my wrist and unlocking
the locks that will hold me. Set and ready now, it’s time to order pizza
and set everything into motion, ready or not, I’ll only have 20 minutes
to back out or go though with it once I order. “Hello, I’d like to order
a small pizza.” I say, “the usual, and if Sam can deliver it, tell him
I, am working in the garage,” there I did it! Oh what have I done, can I
do this? Well here goes. I step up to the wall that the nails are on, put
on the cuffs, first legs then wrist and now the gag and pull it tight from
behind my head. There, now no sounds are going to come from me anymore.

I then turn around facing the door and my back to the wall, the door
is slightly ajar like I wanted, lights on and safety keys ready, I spread
my legs apart and bend over to fasten my right leg with the lock and cuff
to the chain, done, then the left one, done. This is the harder part, I
reach out as far as I can with my left hand and slip the lock through the
chain and close it, click, now my nerves are starting to get the best of
me and I’m starting to shake as I reach my right hand up to the chain and
pull on the chain to make it come closer so I can get the lock through
it, I have it in my grip and I put the lock in the loop, for a long moment
I freeze, I can’t do it I keep thinking, I can’t do this, but my body is
on fire with desire and I must force myself if I am to get what I want
so bad, and that is "Sam " . I close my eyes and take a deep breath and,
click, I close the lock.

Now there is no turning back and no way I can stop whatever is going
to happen. I am truly a captive of my on doing and there’s no way to escape
or hide or anything but be there when he walks in that door. I start to
pull on my cuffs to see if I can get free, but they are on good, so I try
to scream and all that comes out is mmmmmmm.  I have really done myself
up good and now I start to think, what if he doesn’t come, what if someone
else does? What if he sees me and calls the police and they come, I will
die from embarrassment for sure. My heart is starting to pound so hard
I think I will die anyway, right here spreadeagled and stretched out against
the wall in my garage half nude, boy what have I done. The wait seems like
hours but it has only been about ten minutes.

What will Sam do when he
finds me like this?

Here I am, spreadeagled against the wall, strapped to it so I can’t
escape and starting to panic. I never noticed all the little noises you
hear out in the garage that you don’t hear inside the house, cars going
by, doors slamming shut, everyone of them make me tense up thinking they
might come here where I am bound and discover me like this. I start to
pull harder on the cuffs to get free but to no use. I am trapped. Did I
here a car pull into my driveway that time? I stain to listen, yes that
is a car and the motor is still running - it must be Sam. I can hear a
knock at the front door and then footsteps coming down the walkway and
heading for the garage. He’s almost here and my heart is pounding so hard
I almost forget to breath when he yells out,   “Wendy are you
in there?”

Two steps more and he slowly opens the door and looks in and there I
am, the surprised look on his face and the staring eyes start to turn me
red all over and I can’t look up at him. He walks kind of slowly over to
where I am and with a soft voice asks me if I’m okay and who did this to
me? All the time he is looking me up and down and then up at the cuffs
and down to my spread legs. I cannot answer him because of the gag in my
mouth. He ask again if I am ok and I nod my head yes. Sam steps back to
look things over and to get the full view of me in my t-shirt and panties
and high heels and then he spots the ice and keys. “You did this yourself
didn’t you? Well I knew you were shy but I never expected you to give me
a chance like this to give your body a real good workout!”

What did he
mean by that? What was he going to do with his newfound toy?

He walked up to me and pulled on the cuffs to see if I was held tight
and then he started to run his fingers up and down my arms and onto my
breast, I started to pull back but he grabbed both of them in his hands
and started to gently squeeze them, this was starting the fires in me and
I began to push forward into his hands as he rubbed and kneed them. If
I could have gotten free right then I would have raped him then and there,
but I wasn’t going anywhere soon. His hands slowly slipped down over my
tummy and down to my now very wet womanhood. He slid in two fingers easy
and started to run them in and out of me and I was almost ready to climax
when he stopped and pulled out of me.

Why did he stop now?

He stepped back and looked at me, and by now I was bumping to his hands.
Sam said with a firm tone and a wicked smile, “I have to go for now and
finish my delivery but I’ll be back in 45 minutes, after I stop at my house
to get some things I will need for you later.”

With that he stepped up
to me and kissed my lips, ball gag and all, he then reached up to the keys
and gave them a tug and pulled them down and put them in his pocket, there
goes freedom I thought. Then he takes my t-shirt and with one quick pull
rip's it right off of me, exposing my breasts to him, but I am watching
him so close this time it didn’t bother me for him to see me like this,
after all that's what I wanted. He turned to leave but looked back and
said you forgot to leave the money out for the pizza so I guess I’ll have
to take it out in trade later and winked.

In my plan I had forgotten about the money.  Sam said he would
turn out the lights so I could think about what was to come next and with
that he hit the switch and walked out the door. Now I have 45 minutes in
the dark to think about what he said and that grin he had on this face
and the bulge he had in his pants. I also am not liking these high heels
very much, its hard to stand in this position with your legs far apart
and in high heels its even worse and its going to be a while till he comes
back. Now I’m starting to hear all the outside noises again and my mind
is playing tricks on me, everytime a car passes by or a door slams close
by, I start to think who is coming and will someone find me like this?

The time is passing by very slowly and my legs are starting to hurt
a little. What did he mean take it out in trade? I was willing to do anything
he wanted, but what did he have planned and what did he have to get at
his house?

The dark plays strange tricks on you but the more I thought
about what he said the more I became inflamed in my moist lips and my nipples
became more erect and I drifted into a vibrant feeling from head to toe.
I had never felt anything like this before and it was working me up to
a fever pitch and I can’t touch myself at all. Its hard to describe the
feeling but I can’t move or get free but I never felt more free than at
this moment, the warm waves are riding all over my body and I can only
enjoy them and let them happen as my body responds to the feeling that
has overtaken it. This must be what my girlfriend was trying to tell me.
I sure hope Sam comes back soon because I am burning up with lust and I
want him in me and holding me tight when I explode.

Were is he? It seems
so long now.

What seems like hours has only been about 1 hour then I hear a car pull
up in my driveway, finally he’s back and I am about ready to explode with
pure lust, I want him to let me down and take me into his arms and make
mad love to me. I’m ready for anything he wants of me, which is good because
at this point I don’t really have a choice anyway. Sam walks in the door
and turns the light on and looks at me, smiles and says, "I see you haven’t
gone anywhere!” Like I could. In his hands he has a red rug and something
with a long handle and some kind of strings attached to it, the other thing
I see is a camera. This is not what I expected, he surely won’t take pictures
of me like this, not like this I tried to yell at him but that came out
“mamma!”

He came over to me and looked at me and said, “As promised your beautiful
body is mine to play with tonight.” Sam said this has been his best fantasy
for years but had never met a girl that he thought he could ask to do this
with till tonight. He said he always dreamed of having a girl tied and
stretched out that he could run his hands over and probe her most intimate
parts and that is why he brought the camera so he could have something
to look back on later and the red rug was to give some contrast to the
floor and my lush firm body. But the whip was for me and me alone, this
would increase your orgasm to new highs. I really don’t like the sound
of that at all and start to pull hard on my wrist cuffs to try and get
free but Sam puts his hands on my breast and starts to play with my nipples,
his hands are so soft against my body.

It didn’t take him long to take my mind off of the whip and he continues
on down to the hot spot in my body and rubs the outer lips and sees they
are soaking wet already, then without warning he steps back and brings
the whip down right across my hard nipples, “wow that hurt!” I thought
and began to pull back away from his hands, then he hit again and I reeled
back again. He wasn’t hitting me hard but I didn’t expect it and the feeling
was both pain and pleasure as the sting let up. He then laid the rug out
in front of me and started to take pictures, all the while telling me how
beautiful I am and this was worth all the money he had given the other
drivers so that he could deliver my pizza himself, so he could get to see
me and to talk to me.

I can’t believe my ears; he paid money to see me. Well I gave him something
to see alright and he was enjoying this to the fullest and I am really
pushing hard into his hands and he is playing with me till I finally explode
into the hardest orgasm I have ever had in my life and the tremors keep
running on and on till I can’t take any more and fall forward, lucky my
arms keep me from falling and Sam grabs me and holds me tight till the
waves of pure pleasure start to trail off. He says, “I think you have had
a good beginning on being my slave girl tonight!” So he takes the keys
and unlocks the locks and cuffs from my wrist and then the leg cuffs come
off.

Oh how good it feels to let my arms down and to take the pressure off
the high heels, then Sam takes me into his arms and brings me to the floor
and is on me like a flash, he takes my panties off and runs his tongue
around my nipples and down to my already wet lips and begins to prob. In
and out and I think I will die then and there with his constant licks.
He has the doctor’s tender touch all right but this is like no other guy
I ever have been with, he is hell bent to give me pleasure and that's fine
with me.

Just as I think that I can take no more he unfastens the gag and
takes it off so I can breathe better and pulls his shorts down to give
me a glimpse of his manhood and before I could respond to the sight he
was in me, going deeper and deeper and it felt great. We started thrusting
into each other and we both came together in one big bang!

This will be
a night neither of us will forget for a long time. I lost count how many
times that night we came together. Sam and I see each other two or three
times a week now and we have tried new things together and I am his willing
slave, which I love. I have seen some of the pictures he takes and I look
great in my bondage and I am no longer shy when it comes to him.
