---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/andreabound_basement.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Andreabound in the Basement
authors:
- Andreabound
tags:
- Sbf
- cell
- confinement
- cons
- X
date: 2006-04-27 00:00:00
---

**#7 Andreabound in the Basement
– Part One**

Simply the best part of my new house is that it has a
basement. My house is built into a hill and I have to go up a flight of stairs
to gain entrance to the front door. At slightly below ground level, and at the
end of a sloping driveway, is a double garage. The garage area is large enough
so I can now park my car under cover for the first time and have plenty of
space left over for a workshop area. A door at the back of the garage opens
onto a basement area that covers the back half of my house and stretches the
whole width. This is my new playroom.

The only other door in the basement opens onto a
staircase that leads up to the ground floor and comes out in my hallway
opposite the kitchen door. Apart from a small barred window, high up on one of
the side walls, there are no other openings into the basement.

My basement area is just one large room with no features
other than a couple of metal support posts that presumably helped spread the
load of the upper floors. In one corner there’s an old sink with a coldwater
tap and the boiler is against the dividing wall between the garage and the
basement room. The room is also host to a plethora of wires and pipes, the
purpose of most I can only guess at. As most of these conduits ran discretely
along two of the walls and along the ceiling, they were not going to present
an obstacle. This room would be ideal for my purposes, the only slight
disappointment being that the ceiling was low at just over six feet, limiting
the options for suspension.

Now I’d had a chance to settle in to my new home it was
time to sort out the basement. I hadn’t covered major building projects on
my woodworking course but I felt I had grasped the principles of construction
well enough that I could apply the huge amount of advice on the internet in an
attempt to transform my basement.

Surprisingly, the basic building materials weren’t too
expensive which was a good job given the state of my finances for the first
couple of months after I moved house. In any case I only needed to buy the
materials as I used them and at the pace I could work on the project that
wasn’t going to be a problem. It took me the first two months to build the walls I
needed. The workout involved in mixing the mortar and lifting the heavy cinder
blocks meant I could afford to skip the gym and instead use that time on my
building project.

I first built a new L-shaped wall starting out from the
back wall of the basement, building out six feet and then turning towards the
side wall for another three feet. As I’d started building six feet from the
corner, this left a gap of about three feet between the end of my new wall and
the side wall of the basement. So I now had a six feet square cell in the
corner furthest from the two doors.

Three feet in front of the entrance to my jail cell I
built another wall extending six feet out from the side wall of the basement.
This additional wall was mainly to hide the cell arrangement from anyone
wandering into the basement and to provide a screen so that the only view out
of the jail cell was that of another brick wall.

I’d wanted to fix the bars of the cell into the floor
and ceiling but I found that the concrete used for the floor was too hard to
drill such big holes. In the end I settled for building a larger version of my
earlier cell door; a wooden frame with holes drilled into the top and bottom
to allow the bars to be inserted. The bars were made of black plastic waste
pipe into which I threaded wooden dowels for strengthening. I would have
really preferred proper steel bars of course but couldn’t work where to buy
them and in any case I had no way of working with steel. So the plastic
covered wooden bars would have to do.

Although not made of steel, the bars were still pretty
strong, but I wanted to make sure I wouldn’t be able to break my way out. I
drilled large holes in a couple of lengths of four-by-four and fed the bars
through these holes to form cross struts at one third and two thirds of the
height of the frame. Holding the whole lot together and maneuvering it all
into place was really hard work but eventually I had the frame held in place
by several heavy-duty hinges fixed to a wooden batten I’d previously bolted
to the side wall of the basement. This meant that the door was in the corner
and opened outwards to lie flat against the original basement wall. It was
kept closed by means of a couple of slide-action gate bolts fastened between
the doorframe and the adjacent wall. The bolts had holes to allow padlocks to
be inserted preventing them from being opened and were intended to be used to
secure a garden shed or gate but they would be put to a better use here. I
painted the wood of the framework black to look the part.

I entered my cell and closed the door reaching through
the bars to draw the bolts. Although it would have been more convenient to
attach the bolts on the inside of the door, it seemed appropriate for them to
be on the outside. I didn’t bother with the padlocks for now but just spent
the next ten minutes running at, and practicing my kickboxing, and trying
everything else I could think of to try and force the door open or otherwise
break my way out. All to no avail, which was a relief. Once those padlocks
were in place there was no way I was getting out of this cell. I now had a
workable six-by-six cell and view of walls in every direction. Even looking
out of the door just provided a view of a wall.

Feeding a hose through a hole drilled into the side of my
cell just above floor level and connecting it to a water tank sitting on the
floor of the basement just the other side of my cell wall, would ensure I had
an adequate supply of water for even lengthy stays in side my prison. After my
last session in a self-imposed jail, I wasn’t going to risk going without
water again. I also fixed boards on the ceiling of my cell to cover up the
dusty floorboards and joists that held up the ground floor. I filled the gap
with fiberglass to help make the cell soundproof to anyone who happened to be
upstairs. I also added several bulkhead lights into which I fitted really
bright light bulbs. These could only be controlled from outside the cell and
once the basement window was boarded up, I would be able to use a timer to
decide whether I had permanent light, dark or a random artificial day and
night for my prison stays; just another level of self-induced torture that
would add spice to my sessions.

A selection of fixing points I added around the cell at
various heights would offer me a number of different ways to add to my
restraints during each visit to the cell, depending on the scenario I was
imagining at the time.

Visiting a local outdoor shop I picked up a cheap
folding, metal-framed bed which came with a thin mattress. I bolted the bed to
the floor of my cell against the back wall and taking the mattress outside, I
rolled the mattress in a muddy puddle outside the back door and left it
outside to get rained on. Bringing the mattress back indoors a few days later
I let it dry out in the cold basement and was pleased to find it had acquired
the desired dishevelled look and musty smell of a much used prison mattress.

All that remained to do was to find a reliable method of
providing a long-term release for the locks and some free time to allow me to
serve out a sentence.

**Andreabound in the Basement –
Part Two**

A couple of weeks later I had the perfect opportunity to
spend some time in my cell. My editor had sent me home to work on an
assignment. I thought that if I could rig up a power supply for my laptop and
phone into the basement I could work just as well from my cell as from the
spare bedroom I’d set up as a home office.

Whist waiting for this moment I’d thought some more
about the release mechanism and decided that the only time I’d not used ice
for my release was the only time I’d nearly got stuck In the end you
couldn’t beat the reliability of ice as a release system. It always melted,
eventually; it didn’t require the intervention of other people and didn’t
rely on an uninterrupted electrical supply. So I spent the next few weeks
freezing different size blocks of ice, hanging them on a bracket I’d
installed on the wall opposite my cell door and timing how long different
sizes and shapes of ice took to melt. Of course, I had to take into account
the temperature of the basement too and it all became too complicated to
calculate the exact timings after factoring in all the variables. But I was
still able to come up with a rough calculation of the size of ice block versus
the time it took to melt. So in the end I froze a block that was about
eighteen inches long and about a foot high and wide and, contained at its
center, one of the keys to my padlocks. A length of string was attached to the
key at the center of the ice and, once the block had been placed into the wall
bracket, the other end would be tied to one of the bars of the cell door.

Since I had to work whilst in my jail, I needed to come
up with a believable scenario to allow the presence of high-tech equipment in
my cell. The scenario I came up with in the end had me as a legal clerk who
had gotten on the wrong side of a judge during a murder trial and been
sentenced to a week in the cells for contempt of court. I wasn’t supposed to
speak in court, just assist my employer who was lawyer for the defendant. I
guess shouting out that the proceedings were unfair as one of our key
witnesses was driven to tears by the veracity of the prosecutor’s cross
examination wasn’t such a hot idea after all. As soon as the case concluded
I was arrested by the court bailiff and taken down to the lockup still wearing
my best suit.

Of course in the real world there is no way I would be
allowed a phone and laptop whilst incarcerated but the scenario was still more
fitting than the original medieval fantasy I had planned for my first session
inside my new cell. Well they certainly didn’t have cell phones and wireless
laptops back then!

Also I wished to create a realistic jail-time experience
and that would mean being as stimulus free as possible. I made sure my laptop
was fully charged which would give me about 4-5 hours use and borrowed a spare
battery from the office. Between them I guessed the batteries would provide
about nine hours of serious working time. As I had a serious assignment to
turn in I wouldn’t be tempted to relieve the boredom by using the laptop
idly to surf the net all night. Once my work was done for the day I would be
without any outside stimuli.

I also charged up my cell phone and with a full charge it
should be operational for up to a week, assuming I didn’t actually use it to
make any calls. I wasn’t planning on calling anyone but I did need to be
available should my office call me. Having the cell phone in the cell with me
did offer a means of escape, I could just call a colleague or friend and have
then come over and let me out, but I would just have to let the obvious
consequences of that situation keep me from making that call. I wondered if in
future I could make a case that would let me get at the buttons needed to
answer a call but prevent me dialling a number myself. That was a project for
later. For now I merely reset the clock on the ‘phone so I wouldn’t be
able to use it to measure my stay.

Everything was ready. I had already placed the frozen
block of ice in its bracket opposite the cell door, placed my laptop and
‘phone in the cell and set the timer for the lights to random. I retired to
my bedroom to dress for the part. After the rigors of building my jail cell
during which time I wore work clothes, an old pair of torn jeans, coveralls
and workman’s gloves and boots, I wanted to feel feminine again so I
rummaged through my wardrobe and selected my costume from the most delicate
items in my collection.

Rolling up a nude colored stocking, I pointed my toes and
slid the end of the stocking over my right foot. Rolling the stocking up my
leg it reached almost to my crotch where I clipped it to my lacy ivory colored
garter belt. The other stocking was next and I rubbed my legs together,
luxuriating in the feel of the shiny fabric as I slid one leg over the other.
The feel of the silk sent tingles up and down my legs and I could feel my
pulse racing. Reluctantly, I parted my legs and continued my dressing. Next
item was a matching lacy thong that trapped my garter belt and held the straps
against my thighs. The set also consisted of an ivory push-up half-bra which I
positioned so that my nipples just poked over the top of the cups. My breasts
aren’t huge as I’m a slight girl but the push-up bra made the most of my
assets and I posed in front of the mirror for a while viewing my enhanced
profile from different angles and running my hands over my silk-and-lace
encased body. It seemed so long since I had worn anything quite so sensuous.

I had selected a cream colored short-sleeved silk blouse
and I slowly buttoned this up enjoying the electric feeling of the silk
rubbing against my nipples. To complete the transformation into the feminine,
but business-like, office bitch I put on my best dark blue pinstriped suit
that had a tailored coat and knee length skirt. The skirt had a short slit up
the back revealing even more of my stockinged legs. The suit was a heavy wool
mix and the weight of it pressed against my undergarments and just served to
ensure I was even more aware of the delicate materials beneath. I added makeup
and jewelry consistent with my image of a legal clerk out to make an
impression in court and finished off with a pair of white leather pumps with
three-and-a-half inch heels. These days I don’t tend to wear heels shorter
than four inches but these were the only pair I owned that would lock on and I
was therefore going to be stuck wearing them for up to five days - way past my
previous record.

One last pose in front of the mirror, I certainly looked
the part. And as I strutted through the house and down to the basement I
certainly felt the part too. The knowledge that this proud office girl was
about to be transformed into a humiliated and lowly jailbird made me very
excited indeed.

On reaching the basement I set the timer for the lights
to random and threw the switch. The lights stayed off; fine, whatever. I found
a torch and turned the main basement lights off. I had sealed the basement
window well and placed tape around the door leading into the garage so, even
though it was still daytime, the basement was completely dark. I used a torch
to find my way into the cell and attach the end of the string coming from the
ice block to one of the bars in the cell door. The key on the other end of
this string was for a padlock that I would use to secure all the other keys I
would need for my release into a metal box. I used two large padlocks to seal
the cell door closed and placed the keys into the metal box.

Sitting on the bed, I bent down and closed the ankle
cuffs around my stockinged ankles. The sound of the ratchets closing one click
at a time echoed around the bare cell was delicious and sent shivers down my
spine. Double-locking the cuffs to prevent then from pinching me, I placed
that key in the box too. The chain between my ankle cuffs would allow me to
move around the cell, as long as I didn’t want to move more than eighteen
inches at a time.

Next a chain around my waist was locked on with a large
padlock after I’d fed the chain of my handcuffs though the hasp of the lock.
I put a leather collar around my neck and used a small padlock to lock it in
place. Another small padlock attached a chain that ran to a fixing point on
the rear wall of the cell to a ring on the front of my collar. At five feet in
length, the chain linking my collar to the cell wall was not quite long enough
to allow me to put my face to the door. These keys also went into the metal
box.

Checking the laptop and ‘phone were working I slipped
my left wrist into the handcuff dangling from my waist chain. Click, click,
click; again the sound of the ratcheting cuff sent waves of pleasure though me
and I sat there for a minute, on the edge of the bed, savoring the moment
before I closed the other cuff and completed my bondage. Holding the remaining
empty cuff in my left hand I placed my slender wrist in the half-moon of metal
and used my fingers to lift the other half of the cuff up and over my wrist,
trapping it there. Another three echoing clicks and my restraints were
complete. I used the last of the keys to double-lock the handcuffs and dropped
it into the box. I had one last padlock on the bed and I used it to lock the
metal box shut and with it all my other keys. Sliding the box under the bed, I
realized I was now a prisoner until that ice melted and freed the key to the
box, giving access to the means of my release. I reached through the bars of
the cell door and rolled the torch out of the cell and out of reach.

Here I was, a smart city girl trapped by a misplaced
word, in a place more suited to the prostitutes and petty thieves I usually
defended in my sharp suits and expensive shoes. I revelled in the shame of it,
the embarrassing knowledge that my colleagues back at the office would be
laughing and joking at the sudden fall from grace of the office bitch. I hung
my head in defeat and reaching under my skirt, slowly bought myself to a
crashing orgasm.

**Andreabound in the Basement –
Part Three**

I awoke on the bed; it was dark. I wondered how long
I’d been asleep and debated whether to use up some of the precious battery
on the laptop to check the time. The laptop was under the bed and was
therefore easy to locate. Waking up the laptop from its slumbers revealed the
time to be early evening. I reckoned it must be dinnertime so I used the glow
of the laptop screen to locate my store of protein drinks – the only food I
was allowing myself during my incarceration. At least these next few days of
enforced abstinence should help my dieting! Since my hands were cuffed at my
waist I couldn’t lift the bottle to my lips and had to pour the contents
into the doggy dish I had placed on the floor for this purpose. In the end I
couldn’t bear the thought of kneeling on the floor to drink so I put the
bowl on the bed and knelt at the side of the bed to lap up the thick
artificial-tasting goo. Three or four days of this? Yuk!

When it was time to wash my dinner down I realized the
water bowl would have to stay on the floor as trying to move it onto the bed
would undoubtedly result in a spill. Opening the tap on the end of the pipe
sticking through the wall, I filled the bowl. To drink from this meant leaning
forward and resting my weight on my cuffed hands so that I was more lying on
the floor than kneeling anyway. At least I had water; I consoled myself,
remembering the unpleasant experience of running out of drinking water during
my last stay in a jail cell.

The laptop had been glowing for a while now and I wanted
to turn it off to save the battery as soon as I could. I would have to learn
to do all this in the dark in future. Finishing my drink, I found I needed to
pee and I certainly didn’t want to have to do that in the dark so I quickly
moved over to the other corner of my cell, awkwardly pulled down my thong and
sat on the portapotti that I had bought from the camping store. At least this
toilet had a built–in seat that would make my life a little more civilized
than last time; I had no intention of spending the next few days living in a
puddle of my own pee again.

Pulling up my thong and straightening my skirt as best I
could with my hands attached to my waist, I quickly shutdown the laptop and
felt for the bed. It was so dark that I wouldn’t have been able to see my
hand in front of my face; if I’d been able to lift it there, that is!

With no power and no light in the cell there was nothing
to do but lie back on the bed. I realized I had done an excellent job of
making the mattress into a seriously unpleasant place to lie. It smelt nasty
and was lumpy, an unforeseen side-effect of my earlier mistreatment, there was
no pillow for my head and I could feel the cheap springs of the bed frame
poking me in all sorts of uncomfortable places. At least it was better than
sleeping on the floor I told myself.

Sleep would have been a nice distraction, but having
awoken just prior to my dinner, the sleep I desired eluded me. As I lay there
waiting for my body to tire again I imagined all the various inmates in the
cells adjacent to mine and as I put myself in their shoes one-by-one, I was
able to bring myself to orgasm a few more times. But eventually even that
fantasy dried up and I just lay on the bed trying to get comfortable, thinking
about nothing in particular.

Typical! I was finally just drifting off to sleep when
the lights came on. The sudden glare shocked me out of the drowsiness that had
been stealing over me. I’d fitted the four bulkhead lights in the ceiling
with 150w halogen bulbs and the brightness they produced between them didn’t
disappoint. I’d designed them to be an irritant, knowing my handcuffs would
prevent me form lying on my stomach and the lack of a pillow would mean I had
nowhere to hide my face, I was stuck with the, oh so, bright lights shining
directly on my face.

They were designed to disorient me and prevent sleep and
they were certainly doing that. I rolled over on the bed so that my face was
pressed as close between the bed and the back wall but it was impossible to
escape the unrelenting glare of the lights. Of course I had no idea of how
long I would have to endure this as I had put the timer on to the random
setting. After a while of lying there unable to sleep or get comfortable, I
decided I might as well get some work done. So I pulled the laptop from under
the bed and started typing.

The fact that I was now tired, the clock claimed it was
after
midnight
, meant that my typing and concentration were not running at optimum. The
handcuffs were a real hindrance to efficient typing and mousing too and the
glaring lights made reading the screen hard work. I only kept going because I
knew there was no chance of sleep whilst the lights were on.

By five in the morning though, I had made good progress
with my work and seeing that the low battery indicator was on, I finally shut
the laptop and lay back on the bed to rest my eyes. Although I had got
somewhat used to the constant dazzle of the lights, they were so bright that I
could still see the glare with my eyes closed. Now I was really tired and
wished the lights would switch off so I could get some much needed sleep.

I didn’t remember falling asleep but sometime later I
awoke to find myself in darkness again. I used the laptop to provide light for
me to use the portapotti and some of the one roll of Charmin I had allowed
myself as a luxury. I could also, with some difficulty, brush my teeth,
something I was determined not to manage without, and splashed water on my
face. That was the limit of my bathroom pleasantries though, as I had brought
no soap, towel or hairbrush with me into the cell. I struggled to sort out
breakfast, which like last night’s supper consisted of a protein drink and
water. It tasted no better this morning.

With nothing else to do, I pulled out the laptop and
typed away until the battery finally died. I thought about replacing the
battery with the spare and carrying on but once I’d used up that battery too
there really would be no stimulus until my release.

I lasted until what seemed like afternoon, judging by the
rumbling coming from my stomach, took another ration of protein washed down by
water and booted up the laptop for another session. It was hard going again
and the handcuffs were beginning to chafe my wrists but I soldiered on. By the
time I looked up at the computer clock to find it was after six, I had almost
completed my work assignment. I figured I had about an hour of battery life
left before the laptop gave up for good.

It was fun toying with the idea of using my phone to call
one of the junior staff to drop over another battery and watching the look on
their faces as they found me like this. Wasn’t going to happen though, and
anyway the office would be closed for the night by now. I decided instead to
take another disgusting meal and get some sleep whilst the lights were off.

Awaking to complete darkness I was disoriented for a
moment. I couldn’t work out how long I’d been sleeping. It felt like a
long time, so why wasn’t it morning yet? I opened the laptop to give me some
light to use the toilet and to check the time. Something wasn’t right; I
couldn’t get the stupid thing to start up. Surely the battery couldn’t be
dead? I fumbled in the darkness to insert the other battery and tried again.
That worked ok although there clearly wasn’t much power left in it. My
replacement battery was obviously out of juice so I used the last of the
original battery to finish my toiletries and then I was without any power,
source of emergency light, or means of telling the time for the rest of my
stay in here.

I haven’t a clue how long I lay in the dark, getting up
for occasional exercise and pacing around the confines of my cell with mincing
steps limited by the chain between my ankle cuffs. It really was dark in here
and I was forever bumping into the edge of the bed and kicking the water bowl
about the cell. As soon as I stood up to stretch my legs I seemed to lose all
sense of direction. It was very frustrating.

**Andreabound in the Basement –
Part Four**

Then without warning, the lights came on again. At the
time I was trying to peer into the gloom to find the bed and so the sudden
transition from utter blackness to blinding light took me completely unawares
and so I almost fell over with the shock. I knew the minimum on time for the
lights was likely to be in the order of five minutes but after that I might
well be thrown back into darkness for the remainder of my sentence, so it
seemed prudent to make the most of what might be a brief moment of vision and
use the facilities.

After so long in the dark, however, the light hurt my
eyes and I had to squint for a while before I could see clearly about me. In
that time I managed to fit in another meal, two drinks, a quick wash, and a
more prolonged visit to the toilet. An hour or so later my eyes had adjusted
to the light and I found myself sitting on the bed feeling bored. I tried both
batteries again but they weren’t going to allow any more use of the laptop.
I wished for the millionth time I had thought to bring a vibrator into my cell
with me. So I just sat there, almost wishing the light would go off again and
I could at least make the time go by faster by sleeping it away.

But it didn’t. I wondered what I must look like by now.
I didn’t have a mirror but I could see that my suit was dirty from crawling
about the floor to eat and drink, my stockings had ladders and were ripped at
one knee, my shoes were badly scuffed and, were they not locked on, would have
been discarded long ago. This was the longest I had ever worn a pair of
high-heeled shoes and I was torn between the regret of having locked them onto
my feet and the relief that they weren’t one of my pairs with really high
heels. I couldn’t even begin to imagine what a mess my face was in and as
for my hair; don’t get me started!

Eventually the light went out and I lay back on the bed
to get some much needed sleep. Unfortunately the lights decided to tease me
for a while and so no sooner had I closed my eyes than they came back on; and
off, and on, and off. They seemed to be stuck in a pattern of cycling on and
off every five minutes or so. Not exactly five minutes, of course; that would
be too easy to cope with. No they were determined to keep me guessing and so
they cycled randomly but often for what felt like the best part of twenty-four
hours. Not that I had any real idea of the time, or even of which day it was
by now, I was so disoriented by the constant switching between utter darkness
and blinding light. Any chance I had of sleep was gone. If the lights were on
long enough I might just have got used to them sufficiently to find the rest
my body craved, but with the lights switching on and off so frequently I found
the sudden switch to light or dark would instantly bring me fully awake again.
Sleep would have to wait until the timer stopped playing its silly games.

I had originally planned to keep a diary of my
experiences. You know, like Day 1, Day 2, etc. But using up the available
laptop power, on what was probably the second morning, had put paid to that
idea and the disorientation of the light cycles meant I hadn’t a clue as to
how long I’d been in here. Was this the third or fifth day; I really
couldn’t tell. I switched on my phone to see what the time was. I’d set it
to a random date and time before I’d started but I should be able to work
out the duration, but the display made no sense to me. I realized why
torturers would create random periods of day and night for their prisoners.
The confusing effects of the artificial days working at odds with my body’s
own internal clock and the consequent sleep deprivation had me in a complete
spin. I was thinking through a fog, I couldn’t seem to focus on any one
thought clearly, and the distinction was completely blurred between being
awake, daydreaming, and being asleep; if indeed I was sleeping. Where before I
was trying to work out how much longer I had to wait before my release, now I
wasn’t even sure I wanted release. It seemed an abstract idea at best and I
couldn’t concentrate on the notion long enough to think it through properly.

In this semi-conscious state I think I mostly just sat on
the bed in a daze with my back against the wall. During this strange timeless,
time the light timer must have given up on its constant indecision and plunged
me into a longer period of darkness. I awoke to find myself somewhat refreshed
and sounder of mind and my first coherent thought for a while was, “Why do I
keep doing these crazy things to myself?” After the blur of the last however
long it was, I now had no inkling of what time had passed and what time was
left of my incarceration. But with the benefit of a clearer mind, I had the
obvious idea of checking on the state of the ice block; of course it would
have to wait until the lights came back on. Meanwhile I had more pressing
needs and I once again had to eat, drink and use the bathroom facilities in
complete darkness.

Whilst kneeling on the floor to drink, I noticed how cold
it had become, especially felt on my knee where it was in direct contact with
the floor thanks to the hole in my stocking. I climbed back up onto the bed,
wishing for the first time that I had a blanket to wrap around me. I lay there
suddenly much colder and starting to shiver. Was this just the cold or maybe a
reaction to my situation and lack of proper food and sleep for such a long
time? All I could do was lie and wait for the light to come back on and show
me the state of the ice block. In fact for ages that was all I could think
about and because there was nothing I actually could do about the situation,
my thoughts became somewhat fixated on the imagined state of the block of ice.
I desperately, desperately, needed to see that block of ice. It became an
obsessive thought and I found myself grinding my teeth with frustration at the
lack of light and caught myself a few times slowly banging my head against the
mattress where the pillow would have been.

I had to snap out of this and calm down, so I tried to
distract myself by using my fingers to pleasure myself. But my wrists were now
so sore from the handcuffs that moving them so, just made me cry with the
pain. In fact, now I thought about it, I was hurting in a lot of places. My
ankles were bruised from the ankle cuffs, my thin stockings offering little
protection form the hard steel. My neck had been rubbed raw from wearing the
leather collar so long. I had thought leaving it a little loose would help
prevent chafing but instead, there was just enough movement so the collar was
always moving around my neck. Without even looking I could tell my neck had
angry red welts around it that would take days to disappear.

Although my shoes were fairly comfortable, my feet were
now feeling the effect of being trapped in them for so long. The pointed ends
were really starting to pinch my toes and I knew my feet would be sore for
days after this abuse.

Still, this was punishment; it wasn’t meant to be a
holiday. I would just have to bear it all stoically; like I had a choice! If
only I knew how much longer. I couldn’t believe the lights hadn’t come on
again since their frequent blinking of a few hours or days ago. I began to
wonder whether the filaments had blown. No, not all of them at once; that
wasn’t possible. The timer may have died or blown a fuse. If so I was in
trouble, but those possibilities seemed unlikely too. I would just have to
accept that the timer had a mind of its own and was determined to torture and
tease me beyond endurance. Yes, that was a much more likely scenario.

So I just lay in the dark waiting, my mind a blank. Then
I became aware that I could hear children. There weren’t any children living
nearby as far as I knew, but I could definitely hear playful voices. I
listened more carefully, and realized the sounds were coming from some
distance away. But children playing? That meant it had to be daytime and maybe
it was Saturday already. If so, I had been in here for nearly six days. Surely
the ice must have melted by now. I cursed the darkness again and lay back on
the bed in despair. What if the lights really weren’t going to come on
again? What would I do? How long would I have to wait in here?

Eventually the voices faded and it seemed to grow
slightly colder again. Another night spent in my cell, I guessed. Damn those lights!
On cue the room was filled with an unbearable
brightness and I lay with my eyes shut and watering. When I was able to see
past the spots in front of my eyes, I looked around. The cell was in a
terrible state. Sometime in the last few hours or days I had knocked the stack
of protein drinks over and they had rolled all over the floor. In my travels
round the cell I had punctured one of the bottles, presumably with a heel, and
the contents had been squirted all over the floor. There was also a pool of
water where the tap had been left dripping and the portapotti was not in its
original corner. At least it hadn’t got knocked over.

Tearing my eyes away from the state of the cell, I could
finally check on the progress of the block of ice. I stared at the ice block
uncomprehending of what I saw there. The block had gone. I panicked for a
moment, thinking all the worst things, until I realized the obvious and simple
truth. The ice had melted. And there to prove it was the key dutifully lying
on the floor against the bars of the cell door. How long had it been there?
Maybe I could have freed myself ages ago, even in the dark, if only I’d
thought to check for the key. Instead I was so focused on the block of ice I
had missed the chance for release. Grrrr!

Snapping out of my reverie, I reached through the bars
and grabbed the key. Trembling slightly with anticipation, I dragged the metal
box from under the bed and inserted the key into the lock. I never heard such
a lovely sound as that key turning and the click of the padlock‘s hasp
sliding free. I quickly unlocked my handcuffs, followed by the rest of my
restraints. I was tempted to tear off my filthy, disgusting, clothes right
then, but I would keep the last of my dignity in this jail, and so I hobbled
upstairs to my bathroom to disrobe and run a long overdue bath.

The person looking back at me in the full-length bedroom
mirror was a far cry from the confident office girl of a few days ago. Instead
of the smart, no-nonsense, office bitch, there now stood a forlorn creature,
her shoulders hunched, aching from having her hands held immobile at her waist
for so long. This girl’s make-up had run and spoiled her good looks and her
hair had never been so tangled. The sharp suit had seemingly been replaced by
a disheveled rag, her blouse stained with the pink goo she had been forced to
consume during her confinement and the whole look finished off by the sight of
her stockings hanging from her legs in untidy strips.

I slept peacefully all Saturday night and most of Sunday
morning and spent the after noon cleaning up the mess in the basement and putting the finishing touches to my
work assignment. I did indeed have a fair collection of red marks around my
wrists, ankles and neck. Luckily they were gone by Monday when I had to return
to work.

I still have no idea how long I had laid there in light
or darkness. The more I think about it the more the whole experience seems
like some fading dream. I think next time I will take along the means to keep
a diary and will experiment with the lights to really disrupt my sleep
patterns. It will be interesting to read my notes about the effects after the
event. Will I really go temporarily insane? How long would it take for me to
become unhinged? I researched the topic on the internet since, and I can’t
seem to find a definitive answer; so it looks like there’s only one way to
find out.
