---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Three Steps 2
authors:
- Dark Marcy
tags:
- MF+-ff
- ponygirl
- leather
- bond
- boots
- chain
- corset
- armbinder
- bit gag
- training
- bdsm
- crop
- cart
- toys
- tease
- denial
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Three Steps**](three_steps.html))_

_**Part Two**_

_“Right, shall we begin the
training?” he said._

_Adam stepped into her line
of sight. Keeping his eyes on her, he reached up to where her reigns
were loosely knotted around the tether and undid them._

_"Don't move." he said as
he stepped around behind her, passing the reigns over her head so that
they once more hung against her buttocks, their pendulum tapping a constant
reminder of her captivity. Jennifer heard a quiet clicking noise as Adam
unlocked the chain from between her legs, removing the padlocks from the
rings on the back of her high heels, but leaving the boots themselves secured._

_His hand gripped her left
arm and turned her slowly around, Jennifer was suddenly aware that they
were in the room alone, all the other staff must have crept away whilst
she was tethered. He reached up to her bit and unclipped the vibrator
remote from the side._

_"Just a little time to get
acclimatised." said Adam, turning the remote over in his fingers._

_Her muscles tensed around
the vibrator, expecting a thrill of movement, but none came. Jennifer
gave him a puzzled look, but he turned away on his heel, walking out through
the far door which led back onto the courtyard, and pulling it closed behind
him._

_She was alone in the room._

_Jennifer looked around, at
the racks of leatherwear, the padlocks and reigns, the whips and chains
arrayed neatly upon the walls. She pondered for a moment on what
had brought her here, what had motivated her to allow herself to be chained,
bound and left helpless as she now was. Submission. It was
there, at the back of her mind, below the vertiginous feelings of fear
and anticipation, of helplessness. A calm sensation, knowing that
she had surrendered all control of herself to the one man she loved.
She had submitted to his will, there were no more decisions for her to
make, it was fearful, which was why it turned her on so, but it was narcotic,
calming and soothing her regular life away from her._

_A slight ache in her right
calf brought Jennifer's attention back to the present. The heels
were starting to make their presence known. Perhaps a little walk, she
thought. The tack room was large enough for it to take a full minute to
walk around its interior, fettered as she was. What Jennifer really
wanted was to get off her feet for a moment, but looking around she couldn't
see anything that might offer her a momentary perch, and sitting on the
floor was a one-way manoeuvre with her arms strapped behind her, she would
never be able to get back on top of those heels._

_After a moment's consideration,
she decided that simply raising one foot from the floor was all she could
do to alleviate the ache. She balanced precariously on one heel,
and then, when the left foot began to ache, on the other. The corset, too,
was beginning to bother her. Shallow breaths had been very exciting
when she and Adam had used corsets during their lovemaking, but now the
thing was proving to be a damned nuisance. Her short, panting breaths
made the saliva pool in the bottom of her mouth, and her normal swallowing
reflex was rendered virtually useless by the bit. She found that
she was able to swallow slightly by gripping the bit hard between her teeth
and flexing her tongue and throat together, but this was proving quite
ineffectual, and already she had drooled twice onto the front of her corset.
This added a further annoyance, the drool on her chin was wet and uncomfortable,
and she had no way of wiping it off._

_Jennifer let out a brief
growl of frustration, licked the bottom of the bit with her tongue and
rolled it between her teeth, it didn't move far. Acclimatised, she thought,
that's why he's left me here, to think about what I'm about to undergo.
So this was what she now did. Jennifer realised that in truth she
had no idea what was about to happen to her. She had guessed that
there might be whips, or spurs, possibly. But what were they
going to make her do? What did training constitute? Would she enjoy
it, and was she supposed to, really?_

_She took a deep breath, but
didn't. The corset creaked, but didn't give an inch, and Jennifer
released the tiny breath that she had managed to take. How long had
it been since he left? She guessed that she had been bound like this
for nearly an hour now. An hour since those last padlocks had snicked
closed on the harness around her head. More, then, since the corset
had been strapped around her. She lifted her feet in turn to alleviate
the ache in her calves. It didn't help much, the relief was temporary
and incomplete, but it was, she thought, all she had. It was less
than a couple of hours since her heels had been locked on, and already
they were her primary complaint. What if they leave them on all weekend?
she thought with a tremor, what if they leave me in here all afternoon?_

_Jennifer was desperately
in need of a rest, now. She needed to get off her feet just for a
moment, swallow normally. Her lips felt dry and sticky. She
stuck her tongue out around the bit as far as it would go, but there was
no way it would reach her lips. She curled her bottom lip inward,
trying to get her tongue just to touch it. Her arms writhed in their
binder behind her back, her fingers flexed. The need to simply touch
her lower lip briefly consumed her. She took a couple of steps forward,
as though she could somehow walk closer to her lips, bring her tongue up
to them. Her tongue began to ache with its continued reaching and
probing, and she was forced to relax and admit defeat. Jennifer shook
her head furiously, the reigns behind her back flapped against her bare
ass, and the assorted padlocks around her head and body jingled in time
with the sudden movement._

_On the other side of the
room to her was the door through which Adam had left. She walked
over to it and listened to the outside world. No sound. The suspense
was torture, and she realised that as she had stood and pondered her predicament,
she was becoming increasingly aroused and could do nothing about it.
She needed to see Adam again, and get him to use the vibrator on her, let
her come. Brief quivers ran through her lower body, each tremor originating
in her sex. The muscles in her hips felt watery, but Jennifer knew
that they were waiting to thrust her to orgasm as soon as she could persuade
Adam. To do that, she had to find him again, he would understand._

_The door._

_It wasn't locked, and
Jennifer was pretty sure she could operate a handle with her elbow.
But then the handle wasn't going to be an issue, because as she slowly
pressed the first handle down, she noticed that there was another handle
about three feet above it, small and round. Jennifer rested her forehead
against the door, and then gave it a brief kick, which hurt her toes._

_"Fucking door." she said,
but it sounded like "uki aw."_

_Why hadn't he come back?
What was he preparing for her outside?_

_She turned around and rested
her back, or rather her elbows, against the door. There was a thought at
the back of her mind, the woman stablehand had said if she needed attention,
all she need do was whinny._

_"EeeEeeEee"_

_Nothing._

_She breathed in until
the corset stopped her._

_"EEeEEeEE!"_

_On the far side of
the tack room, another door opened, and a stablehand came in._

_"What is it, girl?
he said, walking across the room to her._

_He picked the reigns
from behind her back and lifted them over her head, and stood holding them
in front of her._

_"Why have they left
you in here like this?" he said. The intonation in his voice told
Jennifer that he wasn't really talking to her, these were all rhetorical
questions, and she couldn't have answered anyway._

_The stablehand gave
a brief tug on her reigns and led her over to the tether post._

_"You shouldn't be
left to wander around like this." he told her._

_He was a little shorter
than her, and so he held the reigns close to her face and tilted her head
down to face his._

_"Your lips look dry,
I'd better get you a drink."_

_He wound her reigns
into the tether on the post, rather too close to the post for her comfort.
She could smell the preservative used in the wood._

_Jennifer could hear him moving
around in the little room beyond the door from which he had entered, and
when he stepped into her line of vision again, he was holding a bottle
of water. The bottle was upside down, and screwed onto the neck was
a metal tube with a large ball-bearing in the end, the kind used on a pet
feeder, but much larger. He held the end of the metal tube near her
mouth._

_"Go on, then," he
told her. "Drink."_

_Jennifer put her mouth around
the end of the tube, but no water ran into her mouth. She pushed
her tongue forward until it touched the ball-bearing, and a thin trickle
of water ran into her mouth. Swallowing was still difficult, and
she drooled more than she drank because she was unable to close her mouth,
but the water was cold, and it moistened her lips again. The stablehand
noticed the trickles of water running down her chin, across her chest and
across the boning of her corset, and pulled a handkerchief from his pocket.
With a workmanlike detachment he wiped her chin, and ran the handkerchief
down the front of her corset, along the leather panel between her breasts,
and then, over her breasts. She looked at his eyes, but the stablehand
was just doing his job, detached and apparently uninterested. The
gently brush of the fabric across her breast, the cool cotton dragging
slowly across her erect nipple. She shuddered with pleasure, pulled
back, but the reigns held her to the post. Her left foot went back,
braced against the floor, pulled. No movement, no give at all._

_He noticed her panic
and looked up at her._

_"Easy, easy." he said,
gripping her reigns with his right hand and pulling her head down._

_She tugged and twisted
to get out of his grip._

_"Calm down girl,
steady, it's alright." he said in a soothing voice._

_But Jennifer had panicked,
and the sense of being bound, powerless in front of this stranger was too
much. She tugged and pulled against the harness, formless yowls of
panic coming from her gagged mouth. She furiously shook her head,
trying to throw the bit free, but all she did was rattle the padlocks against
their buckles. She heaved against the armbinder, her biceps straining,
feeling the bands of leather wrapped around her upper arms, her forearms
wriggled uselessly inside the tight black tube enclosing them._

_CRACK!_

_Jennifer jumped, but stopped
struggling instantly. For a moment, she recognised the sound of a
whip, but couldn't tell whether it had touched her or not. Her buttocks
were tensed against the oncoming sting. A moment passed... and another,
no pain. The woman who had helped to bind her earlier stepped into
view in front of her, she was carrying a bullwhip. That would have hurt,
Jennifer thought._

_"She hasn't become
used to being handled." the woman said to the stablehand, "she's a new
arrival, here for training."_

_"I see, sorry Anne,
I didn't know." he replied._

_"You can go, Stephen."
the woman, Anne, said sharply._

_"Sure.." he half turned,
then added. "There's a lot I should be getting on with as it is."_

_"Thank you, Stephen."_

_He gave Anne a sour
look, which she didn't notice, and walked out, pulling the door closed
behind him._

_Anne reached forward and
untied Jennifer's reigns from the post. She led her to the middle
of the floor and then let her reigns drop._

_"You must become used
to being handled by the staff here." she said._

_Jennifer looked at
the floor. Anne stepped forward and nudged Jennifer's right foot with her
own, Jennifer spread her legs slightly, until she was standing with her
feet perhaps two feet apart._

_"I don't want you
to move," Anne said. "Until I say that you may."_

_Anne reached out and
placed her right hand carefully over Jennifer's left breast. Jennifer
tensed, and pulled her legs closer together. Immediately, Anne stepped
behind her, and brought the whip around in a wide arc._

_CRACK!_

_Jennifer stumbled
forward, the stinging in her left thigh almost unbearable, she screeched
around the bit. Her left leg felt watery and unstable._

_"DO NOT MOVE!" Anne
shouted at her._

_Jennifer righted
herself, her left thigh twitched in pain, but she stood just as Anne had
placed her a moment earlier._

_"Good girl." Anne
said. "Now."_

_Anne was still behind
her, and took the opportunity to run the handle of the whip along the inside
of her right thigh, Jennifer felt her muscles bunch and tense involuntarily,
but she didn't move. The handle of the whip rested against the leather
strap across her vagina, the very end of it touching the bottom of the
vibrator which Jennifer had all but forgotten was there. She was
suddenly very aware of it again. Anne let the whip drop a couple
of inches, then lifted it sharply and tapped the bottom of the vibrator,
nudging it further into her. A minute tremor of orgasm ran through Jennifer's
body, she exhaled sharply, her breath quivering, but she didn't move._

_"Very good." said Anne,
stepping in front of her, playfully swinging the handle of the whip in
a circle. "It seems that you can be trained after all."_

_Anne's hand passed
across Jennifer's breasts, just close enough to catch the end of her nipples.
Another quiver of sensation, Jennifer closed her teeth tightly around the
bit, breathing as deeply as she could, quick breaths, panting with the
effort of self-restraint. Now Anne's hand was massaging the front of her
sex, rubbing back and forth across the wide panel of leather to which the
vibrator was attached. As the leather moved, so did the vibrator,
seeming to squirm inside her. Jennifer closed her eyes, bit hard
upon the bar in her mouth, tried to breathe through her nose and calm herself
down, she was nearly at orgasm. This stranger was about to give her
an orgasm, and if she moved..._

_As Anne's hand moved
back and forth, Jennifer's view of the world narrowed, all she could think
about was the building sensation inside her. She couldn't move, but
she knew that the moment she orgasmed her legs would give way, she would
moan and buck, and then Anne would whip her again, and this time she might
not stop at just one. That damned hand. Her fingers splayed inside
the armbinder, her biceps tensed and she gasped ragged breaths in the corset.
All thoughts of swallowing abandoned, a steady line of drool fell from
her mouth and puddled on the floor. Jennifer closed her eyes and moaned,
if she could have closed her mouth, she knew that she would be biting her
bottom lip right now. Her body made involuntary movements, her hips
began to sway back and forth with the motion of Anne's hand, matching its
rhythm. And then it was gone. Jennifer's eyes snapped open, Anne
was standing perhaps a couple of yards away, grinning at her._

_"You're welcome."
she said, smiling puckishly._

_There was a clatter
on the other side of the room, and Jennifer turned to look. Someone
had opened the far door. It was the divided stable-type, the two
halves were banging arrhythmically against the wall._

_"Bring her outside."
It was a man's voice, it might have been Adam's._

_"Come on then." said
Anne, chirpily. She reached forward and scooped up Jennifer's reigns
in one hand, with a quick tug, she indicated that Jennifer was to follow
her. Jennifer's progress was a little awkward, the heels were still hurting
her, and her left leg still seemed unsubstantial. Her step faltered
each time it throbbed where the whip had caught her. She was led outside.
The ground beneath her feet changed, she could no longer hear the distinctive
'pock' noises of heels on concrete. The sound was subdued by a slightly
more pliant surface, hard packed bare earth._

_The sun was shining,
it was early afternoon. She could feel the intense warmth on her
face and the tops of her arms, which were bare from shoulder to just above
the elbow. Looking around, Jennifer saw that they were in a fenced off
area, a corral, on the far side of the stable block. Over on the
right she could see one wing of the manor house, ancient and grandiose.
In the middle distance were fields, dotted here and there with livestock,
but not so many to suggest that this was ever a working farm._

_Running in front
of her, parallel to the stable block, was a wide lane. On her left
this ran around the corner of the stables and vanished from sight, but
to her right it curved away, heading out in between the fields, where it
finally disappeared over a hilltop perhaps a couple of miles away._

_In the corral itself
were two other people. Anne stood beside her, holding her reigns
but apparently paying no attention to her. Adam was standing against
the wall of the stables, one leg crooked across the other, the toes of
the one foot pointing at the ground, he was wearing a pair of jeans and
a canvassy cotton shirt. He looked comfortable. Jennifer wriggled
her fingers and lifted her feet off the floor one at a time, she was not.
Adam pushed away from the wall with his hands and came over to where she
was standing._

_"You look stunning."
He said. His eyes were intense, soaking her in, taking all they could
from the moment and storing it away for the precious thing it was._

_"You've done a very
good job." this was addressed to Anne, who nodded to recognise the compliment._

_"We're going to begin
your training now." He stood in front of her, "You have to learn how to
act as a Ponygirl, and forget all your normal rules of behaviour.
I've talked this over with Anne, and she thinks the best way to start this
all off is for you to copy a Pony we already have trained, to learn by
example, as it were. I just wanted to tell you,
Jen, if at any point you want to stop all this..." he leaned close to her
ear. "Tough."_

_Jennifer grinned around
the bit. Yes, she was uncomfortable; her arms ached, her calves ached
and the leather corset was beginning to make her sweat in the sun.
In many ways this was unbearable and she couldn't wait for it to end.
But then, all her bonds, the straps and padlocks, all the keys were his,
and so for the moment he controlled her completely. She adored him for
it. A rattling noise, coming from somewhere on the right, caught Jennifer's
attention. Adam followed her gaze, stared down the road for a moment,
and then turned his attention back to her._

_"Looks like they're
here."_

_He took her reigns
and led her over to the centre of the corral._

_"Turn around." he
commanded. Jennifer about-faced._

_"In a minute, we're
going to bring another girl in. She and her owner have been coming
here for quite a few years now, so she's very well trained. I want
you to watch everything that she does, and remember it, because you'll
soon be doing the same. If you do well..." he reached into his pocket
and pulled out the vibrator remote. "...and if you don't..." he twisted
to look back over his left shoulder. Anne stood in the background,
watching them, the whip trailing lazily on the ground._

_"We can't have you
wandering around whilst your attention should be focused on your training,
so if you wouldn't mind putting your legs together."_

_Jennifer shifted
her weight and moved her feet together._

_From his pocket, Adam
produced a short metal bar about three inches in length, with a clip on
either end. He hunkered down and felt around her heels for the small
metal ring at the back of each shoe, to each of these he clipped one end
of the bar, effectively locking her feet together. When he stood,
he had hold of her reigns, and pulled her head slightly forward to meet
his. He planted a gentle kiss upon her parted lips, his tongue darted
into her mouth for only a second, just enough for her to sense it.
Just enough, she thought, for him to taste the leather of the bit in her
mouth._

_Again he left her,
heels locked together this time, standing bolt upright, and capable of
moving only an inch at a time if she had to. She tried to lift her
feet, to see if her technique of alleviating the strain of the heels was
of any use to her, but the balance was too precarious, the movement too
limited. She stood, and shifted her weight. Adam had left the
reigns hanging down in front of her, the two thick pieces of thong resting
against her bared breasts. If she nodded up and down, the thong stroked
her nipples, but only just. She nodded some more, then tried moving
her head from side to side to produce a little more sensation. A
brief thought crossed her mind of how strange she must look, furiously
nodding and shaking her head as the reigns feebly flapped at her breasts.
It was more than torture, so many ways of turning her on, arousing her
to the verge of climax, and no method of release... in any sense of the
word. She stopped nodding._

_It's no good teasing
yourself, she thought unhappily._

_The rattling noise she had
heard earlier was louder now, only a few yards away. When Jennifer
looked toward the noise, she saw a pony and cart emerge from around the
side of stable block. The girl's harness was simpler than hers, a one-piece
made of red leather, but with no corset and her breasts were left covered.
Her arms were behind her in a simple mono-glove which was laced tight and
strapped around her upper torso. There were clearly padlocks dotted
here and there around the outfit, and Jennifer thought she picked out two
on the girl's ankles, locking the heels on just as hers were. Two
shafts were clipped to either side of the girl's waist, and these led to
a fairly inelegant two-wheeled cart, which contained a blond haired man
who looked to be in his mid-thirties. He held the girl's reigns loosely,
letting her decide where to go. A riding crop was stowed beside the
seat, sticking into the air like a radio antenna._

_Jennifer admired the girl's
movement, her slightly syncopated walking style, each leg lifted slightly
higher than necessary between steps, but somehow unhindered by pulling
this cart in high-heels. As the cart moved closer, Anne stepped over to
the fence and opened a gate halfway along to allow the pony and trap to
enter. It was only once they were inside the corral and heading towards
her that Jennifer noticed one final peculiarity about the girl's outfit.
She was blindfolded. Above the bit, attached to the harness and therefore
just as locked on as the rest of the girl's clothing was a shaped and padded
leather blindfold. She couldn't see where she was going._

_The driver had the reigns
in a more proper grip by now, and he brought the cart around in a wide
arc, passing Jennifer to the right and heading around behind her, then
bringing the trap across in front of her within a couple of yards._

_"Whoa." he said,
and flicked the reigns. The cart stopped._

_"Down." The
girl knelt so that the cart tilted forward, whereupon the driver hopped
out._

_"Stand." She did
so._

_The driver stepped
around in front of his pony and unclipped the shafts from her harness.
When he let go, the cart rolled away and tilted back until the shafts were
pointing diagonally into the air. The driver left his pony where she was
and returned to the cart to retrieve his riding crop. This done,
he stepped toward Jennifer._

_"Hello, Jen." he
said. He knew her name, but she had no idea who he was._

_"This," he said,
lifting his ponygirl's reigns and leading her to stand directly opposite
Jennifer, "is Destiny._

_"Make a leg, Destiny."_

_The ponygirl bowed
from the waist and put her right leg forward, then stood upright._

_"I hope you're paying
attention." He directed this comment to Jennifer. "Are you
paying attention, girl?"_

_Jennifer nodded._

_"Good. Make
a leg, Jen."_

_Jennifer tried to move her
leg, but her feet were still chained together. Hoping that it would
suffice, she instead crooked her right knee forward and bowed as far down
as the corset would allow her to keep her balance._

_"Splendid, splendid."
said the driver, "I didn't notice your hobble, but that will do nicely.
When we take the hobble off, I shall expect you to bow deeper, but for
now, that will do nicely. The first thing you should know is how
we phrase your commands. When you are not pulling a cart, an owner
will append your name to a command, if he or she intends only you to obey
it. If it is left unqualified, every pony within earshot must obey.
It's a little like an S and M version of 'Simon says...', but it helps
avoid confusion. Of course, when you are tethered to a cart, it should
be fairly obvious who the commands are intended for, so the rule doesn't
apply there"_

_He ran his hand over the
back of his neck, the sun was becoming blisteringly hot. Jennifer
squinted against the light._

_"What should we teach
you first, I wonder?"_

_He turned towards Destiny
and tapped his lips with the end of the riding crop. Jennifer looked
towards the girl. Blinded as she was, Destiny just looked straight forward,
apparently undistracted by noises. Pulling the cart was clearly more
effort that had been apparent, Destiny was breathing quite deeply, trying
to catch her breath. Jennifer ran her eyes up and down the bound
woman. The riding crop caught her completely off guard, slashing
at her right buttock and causing her to gasp, she looked at the driver,
wondering what she had done._

_"When you are in
the company of owners, you will look nowhere but directly ahead."_

_Jennifer looked forward
whilst her mind sampled the stinging sensation in her behind. One on her
thigh, one on the opposite buttock, nothing she couldn't cope with.
She stared directly forward, and secretly revelled in the sensation of
fear that the thought of moving her head generated. One part of her
mind, the primal brain, wanted to avoid the pain at all costs; was afraid
of the man with the whip and wanted to stay on his good side.
The rest of her, sophisticated, civilised, could look at those emotions
and savour them. Around the edge of her right blinker, she could just make
out Adam. He watched her, smiling. She didn't dare turn her
head to look directly at him._

_The driver passed across
her field of vision, leading Destiny away across the corral. When
he returned, alone, he took up Jennifer's reigns close to her chin and
turned her head to the left. She could see Destiny standing about
twenty yards away on the other side of the corral, motionless save for
occasionally shifting her feet._

_"Every girl here has
a call." the driver told her. "When you hear it, you must come immediately.
Any delay and you will be punished. Now watch." He pursued
his lips and whistled three short, sharp notes, two low, one high. Instantly,
Destiny's head snapped around, facing in their direction, the direction
the sound had come from. She stood listening, attentive. The driver
repeated the call, and with tentative steps Destiny advanced toward them,
feeling the way with her leading foot, uncertain of what lay before her._

_He whistled again.
The same tune, but twice without pausing. Destiny's step changed
immediately, and she walked without hesitation straight at them.
When she came within arms reach, the driver caught her reigns and gave
them a gentle pull to halt her._

_"Good girl.
Well done." he stroked Destiny's hair and she nuzzled his hand, kissing
it gently._

_"Stand." he commanded,
and Destiny stood upright, feet together and her back straight, staring
directly ahead._

_"Now, Jennifer, you
have to learn your call." he turned away, looking toward the stable
block. "Adam, how do you call her?"_

_Adam whistled three
notes, different from the driver's, one low, two high, the first note held
for longer than the last two._

_"When you hear that,
you move towards it. Look only toward the sound, you are not going
sightseeing, do you understand?"_

_Jennifer nodded._

_"If it's repeated
twice without pauses, you know that you must come quickly. Destiny
knows that the path is clear if I whistle like that. Your owner may
have some additional rules of his own, but they're the basic rules for
calling you."_

_Adam whistled again,
and Jennifer looked at him. She looked down at her feet, at the hobble
between them, and then back up._

_CRACK! Another
stinging blow on her ass, and then... CRACK!_

_The driver grabbed
her reigns and pulled her head to face his._

_"When you hear your
call, you MOVE. I thought you understood that. Stand."_

_Jennifer looked at
him, puzzled._

_Stand where?_

_CRACK! Jennifer
cried out, the third blow, on exactly the same spot, her eyes began to
water._

_"Stand!"_

_Jennifer looked dead
ahead, pulled her back straight. Her legs tremored as the stinging
sensation thrummed through them, making it ever harder to stand upright
in the heels. The trainer tapped the bottom of her chin with his crop_

_"Head up, look at
the horizon."_

_Adam whistled again,
and this time, Jennifer moved toward him. Tiny, shuffling movements,
an inch at a time, but it was as much as the hobble would allow.
He was standing easily twenty yards away, it would take her forever to
get to him, but she didn't want to feel the bite of that riding crop again.
He whistled one more time..no, twice, no pauses._

_Damn._

_She shuffled as fast
as she could, the hobble clicking and clinking between her feet.
She grunted occasionally with the effort of taking these diminutive steps.
Her shoulders worked back and forth, balancing her as best they could._

_Her reigns were suddenly
pulled taught. The trainer pulled her head around to face him._

_"Just our little
joke." the trainer told her. "Stand, Jen."_

_Jennifer stood and
stared ahead. Adam was clearly visible, now. He stood in the
middle distance, grinning and chatting with Anne, clearly enjoying the
show. The trainer was standing next to her holding the reigns, looking
over behind her._

_He whistled for Destiny,
and the ponygirl walked steadily over to them._

_"High knee, Destiny."
he said._

_Destiny lifted her
right leg into the air until it was at right angles to her body, crooked
at the knee. She stood on one leg, quivering ever so slightly with
the effort of balancing._

_"And step." he continued._

_Destiny began to
walk on the spot, raising her legs one at a time to the same high position
she had held motionless a moment before._

_"Back, Destiny."_

_The ponygirl took
simple, heel-to-toe steps backwards._

_"To me, Destiny."
he said finally. Destiny quickly covered the five or so yards to
where he stood._

_The trainer folded
his riding crop under his arm and turned to face Jennifer, he had a slight
smile on his face. He ducked down and unclipped the hobble from between
Jennifer's heels. Then took Destiny's reigns into his hand, reached
out and gathered Jennifer's reigns into the same hand. He tugged
once, and said "Walk on." The girls followed him across the corral._

_Destiny was using
the same peculiar step as she had when pulling the trap, lifting each leg
slightly higher than necessary in a dance-like imitation of a trot.
When Jennifer tried to copy this, she found herself stumbling in the heels,
their trainer was leading them too fast, but Destiny seemed to be having
no trouble. With a shudder, Jennifer realised that she had turned
her head to watch Destiny’s step, she looked at the trainer, who was looking
directly at her._

_"STAND!" he shouted._

_Both of them stopped
immediately and stood to attention, looking dead ahead into the middle
distance. Jennifer tensed her buttocks, waiting for the first blow.
Jennifer saw Adam make his excuses to Anne and walk towards them. As he
came nearby he turned to the trainer._

_"Something wrong,
Michael?" He asked._

_"She keeps looking
around, I've already told her once, but it didn't seem to do any good."_

_"She'll learn the
rules soon enough. Give me the crop, Michael."_

_Adam took the crop
from Michael and flexed it between his hands._

_"You may think, Jen,
that because I love you I will hesitate to punish you when you fail in
your training."_

_Adam walked slowly
around her, once he passed out of sight around her blinder, he began swishing
the crop back and forth._

_"This is not so.
If you are to stay here, you must learn to do exactly as you are told,
unquestioning and obeisant. When you disobey, or when you fail..."_

_CRACK. Jennifer
jumped in surprise, but it wasn't a heavy blow._

_CRACK. The
second one stung a little._

_CRACK. She
gasped around the bit, and involuntarily began to step forward, away from
the whip._

_"Stand!" shouted
Adam. Instinctively Jennifer straightened her back and placed her
feet together._

_CRACK. Jennifer
gulped and rolled the bit between her teeth._

_CRACK. She
cried out with the pain. Every instinct she had was telling her to
run away, but she felt the compulsion to obey, the fear of more punishment._

_CRACK. A tiny
inarticulate whimper escaped her mouth, followed by a line of drool which
ran down her chin and spattered against the corset on its way to the ground._

_"Back, Jen." said
Adam in a measured but disapproving tone of voice._

_Her buttocks were on
fire, but the message to obey was writ large across her mind now.
Almost without thinking, Jennifer lifted her left foot and placed it heel
to toe behind her right, stepping slowly backwards._

_"Good." said Adam.
"Make a leg, Jen."_

_She angled her right
leg forward and bowed as deep as she could from the waist, the corset creaked
under the strain, and she found that in the bowed position she could breathe
even less than when she was standing upright. The muscles in her
ass ached and protested._

_"Down." he said.
Jennifer carefully knelt upon the bare earth._

_CRACK! This whiplash
didn't touch Jennifer, however. It was a vicious blow across Destiny's
exposed ass, and it was followed by two more. Destiny whimpered slightly
at the third blow._

_"Are you excluded
from obeying?" Michael shouted at her._

_Destiny shook her
head until her bridle rattled._

_"High knee, Destiny."_

_The girl raised her
right leg._

_Michael left her
like that, balanced upon one high-heeled shoe, muscles trembling with the
effort._

_"The last part of
your training for today is simple cart-work. Stand, Jen." said Adam.
"Michael, would you fetch the trap for me?"_

_As Jennifer struggled
to get to her feet, Michael nodded to Adam and stepped away across the
corral to fetch the trap he had unharnessed from Destiny. He wheeled
the trap over until it was behind Jennifer and stood holding it with the
shafts parallel to the ground. Adam moved over to the trap and opened the
first of the karabiner type clips on the right-hand shaft._

_"Back, Jen."_

_In three short steps,
Jennifer was between the shafts. She felt a light tug at her waist
as Adam attached the first of the shafts to her corset. He walked
around and attached the left hand shaft to her, gathering her reigns into
his hand as he did so. It was a strange feeling, the shafts on either
side of her prevented any movement about her axis. If Jennifer needed
to turn around, it would be a complicated side-stepping manoeuvre._

_"Down." Jennifer
knelt, and felt the trap move slightly as Adam climbed into the seat._

_"Stand, Jen."_

_With the cart attached
to her, standing was even more of a complicated manoeuvre. The extra
weight and different centre of gravity made balancing more of a challenge,
less instinctive. She put her right foot out in front of her and
tested her balance slightly on the one heel. With a strong thrust
and a jerk forward, Jennifer stood upright, the cart rolled backward slightly,
nearly pulling her off her feet, but she took a step backwards with it
and adjusted her balance just enough._

_Adam's weight on
the cart was more apparent to her than she would have expected. As
he shifted in his seat she could feel a change in the pressure on the tethers
at her waist. The cart itself was by no means stationary, rolling
gently forward or back for no immediately apparent reason, and Jennifer
found her self standing with her legs braced slightly against the ground
to stop these random movements unbalancing her._

_"Good girl." said
Adam. "A couple of last things. Your commands with the reigns
are as follows."_

_He pulled on the
right hand side of the reign, the bit moved in her mouth and pressed against
her right cheek, her head turned around to follow it. The pull changed
and Jennifer found her head pulled over to the left._

_"They are, obviously,
your directions." said Adam. "This is the command to slow down, or
to halt if it persists."_

_He drew back on the
reigns until her head was nearly facing the sky, she shook her head against
the pull, but he gave a sharp tug which underlined just who was in charge
here._

_"And this is your
command to walk on or increase your speed, but we will normally say something
to that effect anyway."_

_Adam flicked the
reigns lightly, making the bit rattle between her parted lips._

_"Walk on, Jen."
Adam flicked the reigns again, and Jennifer took a deep breath._

_The corset creaked
unforgivingly._

_If you'd like to see more
write to: darkmarcy@gmail.com_

_05.08.02_

_story continues in [**Three Steps 3**](three_steps3.html)

o0o
