---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: David's Latex Submission
authors:
- Angelique93
tags:
- FF/m
- mummy
- hypnosis
- latex
- bondage
- reluct/nc
- X
---

David's Latex Submission by angelique93@hotmail.com

Beth had finally had enough. Slowly rising on this particularly gloomy
Friday morning, she decided that her husband David had neglected her for
the last time. At one time, David had been an exciting companion to this
energetic, tall brunette - and a marvelous lover. He was always trying
out new ideas in the bedroom, wanting to please Beth as much or more as
she was pleasing him. He always was attentive to Beth's needs and wishes,
both in and out of the bedroom. He used to be very affectionate, and a
hopeless romantic - never anything too elaborate, but always giving Beth
some trinket or kind gesture, even if it was only a big bear hug!

But, slowly over the course of the 11 years of their marriage, David
began to gradually give up those "little things" which seem to be the loving
things people do for their loved ones. The gestures happened less and less
frequently than before, and it got so that David almost dreaded showing
much of ANY affection towards his beautiful wife. After all, she should
know by this time how much he loved her - why should he constantly be having
to tell her or show her?

Eventually, it began to affect their sex lives, too. They almost never
made love anymore, and when they did give in to passion, the session was
almost over before it started! Beth began to believe that everyone's marriage
became like this after a few years - but would it end up being this way
the rest of their lives? A great sense of dread began to overtake her thoughts.
Many nights she would cry herself to sleep, wondering where it all went
wrong. And then she met someone who would help to change her marriage forever!

Beth met Lorraine at a luncheon given for newcomers to the Subdivision.
She was quite tall, slender but not skinny, and had a marvelous sense of
humor. The pair became great friends almost immediately, and Beth decided
to invite Lorraine over to her house that night for dinner and drinks .
David was going out tonight - it was "Poker Night" with his buddies from
college, and of course, he just couldn't miss THAT. Beth always hated being
home on those nights because she always knew what it would mean - David
would come home drunk, stinking of beer and overly affectionate - rather
sloppy, in fact. Usually on such evenings, Beth usually would try to feign
being asleep, so that she would not end up being slobbered all over.

As Beth and Lorraine curled up on the sofa after dinner, sipping slowly
from glasses of wine and talking, Beth began to relate to Lorraine just
how much that their marriage had changed in recent years, and how truly
unhappy she was in their marriage as it stood now. As Beth continued her
story she began to sob, her emotions finally giving way to the effects
of the wine. "I never dreamed that David would hurt me so much," she cried.
"I always was sure that ours was one marriage that would never have become
boring or distant. I was sure we were very much in love and would stay
that way forever. How could this have happened?"

"I understand," Lorraine agreed. "My marriage was very much on the rocks
too, dear. I was certain that a divorce was soon going to become a reality
in our household. That's when I decided to take the bull by the horns,
so to speak. I did a lot of reading, pouring over marriage books, relationship
books, self-help tapes - you name it, I studied it. Finally, after much
research I came upon a marvelous solution, and it has saved my marriage
and the whole rest of my life, too!" Lorraine smiled. Beth had been impressed
by Lorraine's self-confidence and assertive attitude toward her life. If
only I could be that way, too, Beth thought to herself.

"So what conclusions did you draw?" inquired Beth. "You certainly seem
to have it all together - far more than me." Beth was dying to know the
secret of Lorraine's success - could the same thing work for her, too?
And how did she use what she'd learned to improve her marriage? Beth was
full of questions, desperate to find an end to her misery. Maybe things
COULD get better - but how?

"In my studies of relationships and theraputic techniques for improving
them, I noticed in many cases hypnosis - Neuro-Linguistic Programming -
was utilized to help eradicate old belief systems and eventually improve
the relationships," she explained. "I began to wonder, if I was able to
learn the techniques involved in hypnotizing my husband, Kevin, if our
relationship had a chance, too. So one Friday night last March, after making
sure that he was quite a bit tipsy, a little bit high from the joint I'd
shared with him, and in general was feeling no pain, I began to slowly
speak to him, trying to induce him into a hypnotic state. I spoke firmly
yet in a pleasing tone, slowly repeating to him that he was becoming very
relaxed and drowsy. After repeating this several times, reassuring him
how wonderful and relaxed he was getting, he slipped into a deep hypnotic
trance! At first, I wasn't sure if he was truly in one or not, but after
a few simple tests - which he passed - I became sure of it! But, now what
do I do, I thought to myself."

"I had already decided that I would slowly begin to program his subconscious
to become totally under my control, slowly changing and eradicating any
negative thoughts with reference to me. I read as many books on hypnosis
as I could get my hands on, trying to come up with the best script I could
for inducing his trance state. I also utilized subliminal audiocassettes
in an attempt to make him suggestible to hypnosis, and allowing himself
to be under my control. I have thoroughly reprogrammed his personality
to think and do only what I want him to, and we are both very happy." Lorraine
smiled, her eyes gleamed with an almost wicked glee.

Beth was stunned at Lorraine's revelation. How could she do that to
the man she loved - her husband? Beth shivered at the thought of it, somewhat
repulsed by what she had just heard. But then she remembered how unhappy
her life had been for both of them - especially after she decided that
she wanted to get a computer. She originally had the best of intentions
for buying it - it would help with keeping better track of finances, her
youngest son could use it too, for homework. After all, he was in Special
Education, and the teachers all said it would help. Yeah, right.

One week after her oldest son, who thought he knew everything about
setting up a new computer, took the imposing-looking pieces of equipment
out of their boxes and turned it on, Beth bravely sat down in front of
the big 17" screen, her heart racing, fingers nervously learning the fine
art of "navigation", trembling in anticipation of what she'd find out there
on - what was it - the World Wide Web? She never even expected that what
she did find though, would totally change Her life forever, in ways she
never, ever would have dreamed of!

About the second evening that she sat down in front of that screen,
she decided to sign up with the ISP her kids had wanted - no problem there.
Then, late one night Beth decided to go exploring. Thinking to herself
with a grin, let's check out the adult stuff that they say is so rampant
on the internet. She quickly found out the rumors were true, and the stuff
there reminded her of a sleazy Adult bookstore - Yuk! Time slipped by so
quickly that she hadn't even noticed just how long she was surfing the
web. She had been online, absorbing the images onscreen like a sponge -
but almost two days had passed! It was all so much fun! Beth began to feel
like she did as a child when she used to go exploring outdoors, in awe
of all the information that was at her fingertips.

As she continued to explore, moving back and forth from site to site,
she thought about a part of her life that she had essentially decided to
give up on, because of the problems it seemed to create in her life. She
had tried to explain it to David, but the words were painfully hard to
say, even though the mere thought of it made her start to get wet. Latex!
Bondage! Her heart pounded, the sound of it echoing in her ears. Maybe
I'll get lucky and find a site for people who love latex, the thought excitedly
charging through her mind!

After a few more hours of searching, mostly by trying to remember the
names of Latex wear manufacturers she had seen in Adult magazines, she
hit the jackpot! Beth stumbled onto an actual site for people who love
rubber, and from that night on, she was hooked - and feeling just a bit
less "whacko". For years she had always been terrified of being "found
out" - and the probable ridicule, whether mild or severe, that would result.
Oh, and let's not forget the absolute humiliation - being thought of as
some kind of "sick pervert" - that's a real boost to the old self-esteem!
For the first time, Beth felt liberated. But she always felt that she had
to hide it - even to David. His opinion of her preference was that it was
stupid, and kind of immature to want to be bound, gagged, blindfolded,
and tightly wrapped in latex. God, I wish he wanted to share in my love,
my deepest desire, she thought, heaving a deep sigh.

Beth had been hurt by him just too many times. She had an image of David
as some kind of male version of "The Stepford Wives", and the thought frightened
her a little. She certainly hoped he would not end up as some kind of zombie
- that is not the way she wanted David to be! But the thought of having
a peaceful home once again was inviting. I wonder if I could change his
programming about things of a very personal sexual nature? The thought
of having David want to be her slave, begging to wear a black catsuit,
or anything else in rubber sent Beth's mind reeling with antcipation and
erotic excitement. Oh, to have him want it as much as me - could it work?

Beth's arousal at the thought of making him her latex slave was all
she needed to make the decision to take control. That bastard - he needs
to be taught that he is not going to neglect me! Her thoughts frightened
her - she was so angry with him - she'd never felt that way towards him
before. A picture of him clad in latex, a gagged hood on his face, the
pump making his cheeks almost pop out from the inflated gag flashed vividly
in Beth's mind, and an evil smile emerged on her face. Yes, the little
prick does need to be taught the proper way to treat his wife - and Mistress!

"Would you help me in training David to be my slave, Lorraine? You would
truly be helping to save a life - maybe two! I know that it could save
my marriage! Will you help me?" Beth asked, a desperate, pleading tone
in her voice. Beth had never wanted to learn anything so much in her life
before. But then, she had never been this desperate before. "I'd love to,
Beth," she answered confidently. She was certain that Beth's marriage could
be helped, too. "David needs to be trained in the proper ways of treating
a wife - and mistress," Lorraine was very angry at David's behavior - how
dare that little boy treat Beth like that! To her mind, David was a little
boy, or at least he was behaving like one, as most men do, she surmised.
She was going to show Beth just how true that was, and how to make certain
that he would be punished, as all naughty little boys should be!

Later that evening, around Midnight, David staggered in, his breath
having the distinct odor of sour beer. "Hi honey," a wide stupid smile
on his face. "Whad're you doin' up, baby?" David asked, slurring his words
badly. He stumbled over to the small study, where Beth was sitting and
reading, enjoying the warm glow of the fire burning in the fireplace. As
he stumbled closer towards her, she guided him over to the sofa, where
she had been curled up in a blanket, and pulled him down on the plush cushions.
Beth now looked a David directly, her eyes meeting his in a steely glare.
"Well honey, I've decided that I've had enough of you and your Poker Nights
with the boys." She spoke in a low but stern voice. "Things are going to
begin to change around here, Sweetie," she was disgusted with his behavior,
his disregard for her, and his lack of compassion.

"Why don't you have another beer, hon? There's one out in the refrigerator
- here, I'll go get it." As Beth walked towards the kitchen, where a hypnotic
drug-laced glass of ice cold beer adorned the countertop, a pang of guilt
shot through her body for a moment, but faded away as fast as it had come.
She was not going to shrink in quiet passivity, not this time! A sense
of almost wicked determination filled her being. This time, he will pay
for treating me like shit, she resolved! HE WILL PAY!!

David drank down the glass, swallowing it in huge gulps. "Thanks, baby,
" he slurred. "You're alwahs sooooo good ta me." He leaned towards her,
in a drunken attempt to give her a kiss. As he moved closer, he became
suddenly very dizzy, very light-headed. Moving over, he leaned back, closing
his eyes. "What's the matter, David? Have a bit too much fun tonight?” 
"I don't feel so hot," he uttered slowly. "Say, why don't you just
lay down here on the couch, and I'll take your shoes off for you. You're
looking awfully tired, David. Here, just lie back and relax, just relax.
That's right, honey. Just let the bad feelings go, let yourself feel more
and more relaxed." Beth's voice was very low, very soothing tonight, David
thought. It seemed so nurturing almost.... "That's good, honey, just listen
to the sound of my voice. Does my voice make you feel more relaxed?" She
continued her monotone-type voice. "Yes, it does...so relaxing...,"his
voice started to trail off.

It was working - or maybe just wishful thinking? "You feel so relaxed,
so very relaxed. Your eyelids are beginning to feel very heavy now. You
fight to keep them open, but they're just so very heavy, so heavy...you
just cannot keep them open...so relaxed...let yourself go, listen to the
sound of my voice...let go...sleep." David's head slowly began to droop.
Beth wonders if he is really in a trance, or just faking. "Why don't you
try to look up, as if you had eyes in the top of your head," she inquires
slowly. His eyes flutter, and you can see them begin to roll up just a
bit. Beth tells him to stop, and to imagine that he is at a beach, waves
lapping at his feet. It is an unusually wonderful day, perhaps the best
he's ever experienced. The sun is shining, with a few puffy clouds scattered
about the sky - A truly perfect day. "Don't you think it's a perfect day,
David?" "Ohh yess a purrfec ..dayyy " David mumbles slowly. "You feel just
wonderful there - so good, don't you David?" Beth inquires, continuing
in the same tone. You want to feel this wonderful all the time, don't you?"
David nods, his head still hanging down to his chest. "Listen to the sound
of my voice, David. Everything else is fading away but the sound of my
voice. You are feeling so free, aren't you David? So free," Beth was certain
he was in a trance now. Beth began again. "David, you are now in a deep
hypnotic sleep. You will do whatever I tell you to from this moment on.
You will not be able to resist. You will obey me from this moment on. Now
open your eyes." David opened his eyes. He had a glassy, vacant look on
his face. Beth knew he was ready to begin his training!

"Now David, I am going to show you a picture, and I want you to look
at it and nothing else till I tell you to stop. Do you understand?" David
nodded, his eyes still blank. Beth guided him over to her computer screen
and clicked a few keys on the keyboard. Soon, an image of a pulsating disc
appears on the screen. "Now David, I want you to look at the disc on the
screen. Look at the disc, David, concentrate on the swirling spiral, good."
David's gaze quickly became totally absorbed in the image before him. "That's
right, David, you can feel it pull you in, can't you? You're going deeper...deeper...deeper...,"
David was completely hers now. "David, I want you to undress and go into
the bedroom. When you are finished, you will stand and wait for further
instructions. Now go." David immediately stood up from the chair where
he was sitting, and started for the bedroom. This was going to be good,
Beth decided.

After David was instructed to go to bed, Beth and Lorraine wrapped David
in tight layers of cling plastic wrap, which they finish off with a shiny,
silvery layer of duct tape. David is completely immobilized now, and the
two women stand back to admire their handiwork. "He mummifies very well,
don't you agree, Beth?" asks Lorraine, with a snarling grin that turns
into a sneer. "Oh yes, I think that it's about the most perfect mummification
job that I've ever attempted. I would like to leave our mummy encased for
a while, so that everyone can admire our precision wrap of this slave.
What do you think, Lorraine?" Beth is beginning to enjoy the sight of her
husband/mummy, and can feel the wetness in her crotch. "Absolutely! No
reason why everyone can't share in the handiwork we have accomplished on
our mummy/slave," Lorraine answers, her voice filled with excitement.

As the two females chat, David begins to awaken. Feeling somewhat groggy
still from the drug that was administered to him, he suddenly becomes aware
of his immobilizing predicament. He tries to yell, but can't. What have
these women done to me? A wave of fear begins to invade his psyche, and
he realizes that the entire area around his mouth is paralyzed - he can't
move anything at all around his mouth! "What's the matter, little boy,"
mocks Beth, a wicked sneer crossing her full lips. "Can't talk? Gee, that's
too bad. I'll bet that he'd like to lick our pussies! Wouldn't you like
to lick us, little boy? ANSWER ME, LITTLE BOY!!!!!" A faint whimper is
all that David can manage to utter.

David, trapped in this cocoon of plastic, starts to become very angry.
Why would Beth do this to me? He tried to remember if he'd done or said
anything that would cause her to want to feel this way. As the thought
entered his brain, he felt an electrical jolt so powerful that he almost
lost consciousness. The conditioning was beginning. David noticed that
whenever his thoughts turned to something about sex, or bondage, or being
mummified, wave upon wave of pleasure would pass through his body, so intense
that he wished for it again and again.

In the beginning, David tried to resist - he knew that he was losing
control of his mind. Gotta fight it, he thought to himself, determined
to win. But every time he did, there was a sudden severe jolt of pain,
and was so intense it was almost more than he could bear! After a while,
it became increasingly difficult to fight to maintain control. Maybe if
I give in, he eventually began to think, it might not be so bad. His resistance
was beginning to fade and was being replaced with a desire to serve. He
began to try to induce the pleasurable sensations. He wanted to feel them
so much - do it again...again...again...The desire to fight quickly began
to happen less and less frequently. I am your slave, Mistress, he soon
thinks to himself. I am now under your control. He knew if he was a good
boy, he could feel the pleasurable waves. They feel so good - I want to
feel it forever! His mind was gradually and effectively being reprogrammed
now. I must obey...Obey Mistress...the strict slave training he had been
receiving had begun to work.

Beth stood next to her mummified husband and reached down behind his
neck. David began to feel the whirr of a a rather large vibrator - one
that had been recently inserted deeply into his anal cavity. As the vibrations
became more intense, David uttered a low moan. What is happening to me,
he wondered? He quickly realized that he had become very aroused by knowing
that he now was totally immobilized and helpless, and sensed that his cock
is rock hard - harder than it has ever been before in his life. Oh, if
I could only just cum, if I could just cum now...He is frustrated at not
having been allowed fulfillment - but can do nothing about his current
predicament.  I am helpless to resist the power of the Mistress and
the latex he thinks, his mind now clouded in a state of mindless confusion
and sexual arousal.

Lorraine stands over David, and administers another dose of the hypnotic
enhancing drug. She was glad that she had met the chemist who recently
moved into her neighborhood and graciously had supplied her with the drug.
It releases all inhibitions when administered, and intensifies the hypnotic
trance state, making the subject even more open to suggestion. The drug's
maximum effects are long-lasting too, sometimes lasting for 18 - 24 hrs.
It made the mind control and reprogramming process move along just that
much faster and easier. "Did you administer another dose to him?" Beth
inquired. "Yes," Lorraine replied. "I want to make sure that his reprogramming
and training is continuous. It will just make the protocol move along more
rapidly. Once the chips are placed in his brain you won't have the need
for injections of this drug any longer." "That will be nice - I hate the
thought of administering hypos twice a day," Beth told her friend.

David opened his eyes slowly, but soon was aware he was in total blackness.
A discipline helmet had been placed on David's head, effectively depriving
him totally of any sensory stimuli. There was one exception to that statement,
though - very snug fitting ear cups had been placed on David's ears, and
inside-the-canal earphones, totally blocking any other sounds. A silent
subliminal audio tape began playing in David's headphones, implanting messages
into David's subconscious, and had no conscious knowledge of its existence.
The large vibrating dildo in his ass began increasing in intensity, making
him breathe loudly through the tubes inserted into his nose.

In David's mind he heard his own voice, which was repeating "Beth is
very important to me. She is my wife and my mistress, and I must obey. 
Obedience brings pleasure. Mistress says that I am a naughty little boy,
that I must be clean on the inside and outside. I will ask her to clean
me out with the enema bag every day, because I am a naughty, dirty little
boy. If I forget to ask her to clean me on the inside, she will make me
sorry for being so naughty. I will be her little latex slave boy forever,
because I must be disciplined for disobedience. My wife is Mistress. I
will obey and always call her Mistress." He repeated this with the voice
in his mind over and over, each time breaking David's will and reprogramming
him to believe he is her little boy/slave. By the end of the session, which
lasted about 12 hours, David's reprogramming has been completed. Never
again will he disobey her wishes, or fail to attempt to please her. He
believes he is now her submissive little boy, helpless without her domination
and control.

The last part of David's slave training involved a gradual but constant
bombardment of messages subliminally given and repeated over and over.
After his 12 hour latex submissive training, he would wear latex in public
as part of his humiliation - programmed to believe that he forever needed
to wear latex or something dire would happen to him - he would begin to
go insane! If he did not have on the latex, he would quickly become catatonic,
regressing into a frightened preschooler. The latex stopped the symptoms
of the insane behavior immediately. What allowed the conditioning to become
so complete was the augmentation of the Hypnotic suggestions with the hypnotic-inducing
drugs. By the end of the reprogramming & training period, David's original
personality no longer existed. His mind was now totally controlled by the
Mistress & latex, and was only a helpless rubberslave - begging the
Mistress to be encased in it forever and escape insanity.

Beth began his encasement every morning, after he did his mandatory
exercise, and always immediately after his enema. When the enema was finished,
he was commanded to insert a large anal vibrating and inflatable probe
into his asshole, pump it up as much as he could, and then turn on the
vibrator. He was forced to wear it while inflated and vibrating intensely,
for at least 6 hours every day. Afterwards, the vibrator was ordered to
be turned off. Latex chastity pants were then slipped on over his catsuit/skin,
causing the probe to invade his ass even more deeply than before, and ordered
to beg to have the vibrator restarted. If he did not beg properly, the
anal vibrator was turned to high again, and a heavyweight latex hood with
inflatable gag was placed over his head, and pumped up to the maximum with
drugged & oxygenated air, again totally blowing out his cheeks. He
was told that if he came, all latex would be removed, thus starting the
digression into insanity. He was terrified that one day he would make the
Mistress so angry that she would remove it in anger and never replace it,
so complete was his training. Beth loved teasing and taunting him, making
him cower in total submissive fear.

More women need to have this much fun - watching the worthless male
they love become their complete slave. An idea crossed her mind as she
allowed her dominant feelings to gain control and power within her - maybe
she should market a slave training home study course. A world of weak,
helpless male little boy/husband/slaves...hmmm...the possiblities!

David's Latex Submission - Chapter 2

Six weeks flew swiftly, and by the 6th week David had completely surrendered
his will, with thoughts focused now only on pleasing the Mistress, his
Wife. He had received additional training and reprogramming during that
time, and was now ready to begin the final stage.  Microchips were
to be inserted into David's brain in specific locations that control various
bodily functions and emotions.  Following the implant procedure, a
computer will program and then begin to activate the chips.  David
would not be consciously aware of anything unusual, but once activated
the chips would allow Beth to completely have control over the fear, pleasure,
pain and libido controlling areas of his mind, permanently completing the
slave re-training. Beth was sipping coffee slowly at the Kitchen table
that morning, thinking about David's eminent permanent enslavement to her.
Once the implanted chips are activated by Beth's computer, the person known
as David will disappear. It will be permanent - no going back, she told
herself. But the alternative - the hypnotic drug injections 2 or 3 times
daily - would make him look like a junkie. Her thoughts of the way he had
treated her in the past made her angry. Nope, Beth decided this would all
be for the best in the long run, and kept telling herself the same thing.

It was so wonderful - and he did not even realize the transformation
was happening, thanks to the combination of the drugs, hypnosis and the
subliminal tapes! He had become so docile, so passive, wanting only to
please his mistress - and he submitted so quickly, just as Beth knew he
would. He fought it, but she knew that he was a passive individual. He
preferred sitting off in a corner, hoping that he would become a part of
the woodwork, that no one would see him. Being aware of that fact, we used
it to work in our favor in his training. His mind had been prepared for
the physiological and psychological adaptations that would occur after
the chips had been implanted, but on a subconscious level. He had no awareness
that the implantation ever took place, thanks to the bombardment of post-hypnotic
suggestions he had received. What shreds of his original personality that
were remaining would disappear forever into oblivion after the implantation.
Beth hoped that she had made the right decision.

After using his anchor word to place him in deep trance. Beth ordered
him to follow her and started for the door - he followed obediently behind
her. She walked out her front door where a black limousine was parked,
waiting to pick David up. He followed her obediently again. Beth stopped
just short of the car door, and instructed him to get into the car. He
mindlessly complied, his empty mind void of any independent thought processes
other than those allowed by Mistress. The black catsuit covering his body
gave David a very shiny, sleek look. The discipline helmet he wore, which
deprived him of any sensory stimulus, just enhanced the overall effect,
and Beth started to become moist. Such a beautiful latex slave she thought,
but reminded herself that there would be time for that later. She felt
like she had just led a lamb to be slaughtered, and feelings of guilt began
to overwhelm her thoughts. No, it's for the best, she rationalized, trying
very hard to convince herself. It's all for the best. As she watched the
limousine drive away, she wondered what type of being would return when
she next saw the limo again.

The limousine which carried its silent passenger passed through the
front gates and quickly made its way to the entrance of the clinic. A woman
stood in front of the entrance with a wheelchair.  When the chauffeur
opened the door, she guided the silent black figure before her out of the
door and into the wheelchair. The woman looked over at the driver. "We
will contact you when you will be able to pick up the patient," she stated
flatly. The driver nodded, got back into the long black car, and sped away.
The woman turned the wheelchair around and began pushing the limp black
figure in the chair towards the entrance. As she neared the doors, they
automatically swung open, allowing them to enter. "Where should he go first?"
asked the woman of the receptionist at the admissions desk. "Hmmm....let
me check," she replied, and glanced down at the page before her. "Take
him to the treatment room immediately. They are all ready for him there."
"Thanks," the woman replied, and started to push the limp form in the chair
once again.

David was helped out of the chair, and led over to the waiting surgical
table, totally oblivious as to what was about to happen. The hood had served
its purpose well, the doctor thought to herself. He almost doesn't need
anesthesia, she decided. But we had better administer it anyways - I wouldn't
want any unforseen problems occurring. She attached the nasal tubing from
David's hood to the gas, and turned the valve on. David's hood was then
removed, and his entire head was shaved, hair, brows and all. A creamy
white substance was massaged all over his bare cue ball of a head, preventing
any new hair from growing either on his face or his head ever again. "Shall
we begin?" the doctor announced...

David's eyes slowly opened. He blinked, trying to make himself aware
of his surroundings. He was in his new recliner - gee, must have dozed
off, he thought to himself. He seemed to have a bit of a headache, and
his abdominal area also kind of ached - much like a dull toothache. That
seemed strange to him - never noticed this before, he guessed. He flipped
on the TV with the remote that had gotten wedged in the seat. As he began
to channel surf, he realized that he'd lost it somewhere a week ago, and
nearly panicked at the thought! What's happening to me? I've lost track
of time again - a whole week! The blackouts were beginning to come more
often now, he vaguely remembered through the fog in his mind. Suddenly
a wave of terror crossed David's mind, so intense that you could see its
effects on him immediately - his whole body seemed to tremble! Am I losing
my mind? The wrds sent yet another unexpected wave of sheer terror and
flooded his consciousness. I must be losing my mind!!!!! David was nearly
hysterical with fear and anxiety...could it be true?

Beth entered the room and looked over at David. She could see the wild
look of fear on his face. "Are you all right, hon?" she asked soothingly.
Wow, those chips the doctor installed are pretty powerful, Beth mused.
"Here now, what's the problem?" she asked innocently. "I am becoming very
frightened by what's  happening to me," he stammered, a definite frightened
tone in his voice. "I keep on having these blackouts, where I lose large
spans of time. And it's happening more often now, for longer periods of
time. What's happening to me?" he pleaded. Maybe she knew why this was
happening he thought, why he was losing days at a time. "I haven't noticed
any personality changes or anything like that. Sorry, honey." Upon hearing
that, his fear intensified, and panic clearly showed on his face. "Beth,
you've gotta help me!" he begged. Beth had never seen him like this before,
and she knew that his mind was hers now!

"Come on now, David," she said firmly, "It will be all right. You just
need to lie back and relax, honey. I'm sure that you're just fine - I will
try to do what I can to help you. Would you like me to do that, David?"
her voice cooed soothingly. "Oh yes, please help me! I think I'm losing
my mind, Beth," his frightened voice searching frantically for signs of
hope. Maybe she can help, he thought, relaxing a little more. Yes, Beth
will help me." "I will try to help you David, so now just relax." Her voice
seemed so soothing as he nestled in her arms, and a wonderful aroma that
he was not familiar with began to fill his nostrils. His thoughts were
much calmer now, and it was as if the unusual smell caused him to relax.

A few minutes later, Beth arose, telling David to just continue to relax.
"I'm going to slip into something more comfortable, sweetie. I'll be right
back," her voice seemed so calming. "Why don't you put on a CD - put a
Ramsey Lewis CD on, David," Beth requested, and the anchor sent him into
an ever deepening trance. Beth meanwhile slipped off her outer "street
clothing", revealing a black catsuit underneath. Looking at herself in
the mirror, she admired the sleek look the suit gave to her body. Her dream
was finally going to come true!

The sensations of the skintight suit on her entire body were almost
overwhelming! Oh, the feel, the smell of it all! Her thoughts were racing,
and she could feel the moistness in her crotch. She would make him love
latex as much as she did, begging his mistress to be wrapped in more! An
evil smile flashed across her face as she picked up the box lying on the
bed, and carried it out to where David sat, eyes staring blankly ahead.
"Can you hear me, David? If you can, I want you to raise your left index
finger," Beth instructed. Slowly, the left finger lifted up, at first just
a bit, then all the way. "Very good, David. Mistress is pleased with her
little boy." A slight smile arose on David's lips. "You ARE just a little
boy, aren't you David? Answer your Mistress," Beth snarled. "Yes Mistress,"
David answered meekly. "Admit to me you are my little boy slave!" she demanded.
David bowed his head. "Yes Mistress, I am your little boy slave," came
the docile reply. "Soon slave, you will have to beg to serve me. "Kneel!"
Beth ordered. David knelt down quickly, in fear of what his mistress might
do if he didn't comply fast enough. A wave of terror shot through David's
body like a knife. Beth could tell that look in his eyes now quite easily.
"Feeling frightened, David?" Beth sneered. David, his head still lowered,
nodded. "Now David, you know that if you are not a naughty little boy that
I will take care of you, don't you?" "Yes Mistress," came the meek reply.
"Then you must do whatever I tell you, or risk being punished," Beth ordered.
"Now crawl over here on your knees." David complied eagerly. This is almost
going to be too easy, Beth decided.

As she opened the box on the sofa, she announced, "Now David, I will
be giving your slave attire to you in a moment. You must wear this attire
at all times, or your punishment will be severe and quite permanent. Do
you understand?" David again slowly nodded his head. Beth reached into
the box, grabbing a package containing a latex catsuit from inside it.
There was that wonderful smell again, David thought. He began to notice
how erect his penis had become. That smell is so good! Beth handed him
the suit, ordered him to strip, and liberally apply the powder in the jar
on the table. David immediately responded, fearing punishment for procrastinating.
"Now slave, let's slip this on." As Beth slid his legs into the legs of
the suit, the sensations of it slinking up and over his skin make his body
quiver with excitement, and as she began to zip it up, he started breathing
heavily. "You like your new skin? It does cling to you so nicely. The latex
feels good on your body, and you don't want it off, do you little boy?"
Beth asked mockingly. The latex suit was a perfect fit. Never before had
David been so turned on. Now waves of pleasure started flooding his body.
The latex! The latex! He had to ask Mistress to wear more! The waves intensified,
making his cock harder than he had ever felt it before.

"Please Mistress," he begged. "I want to wear more! More latex!" The
compulsion was overwhelming, and growing by the second! "Oh you do, do
you? Who do you think you're talking to?" demanded Beth angrily. With that
Beth grabbed the custom made hood that she had purchased out of the box
and swiftly yanked it over his head. This one had an inflatable ball gag
with breathing tube. Beth shoved the gag in his mouth and pulled down the
rear zipper. Beth had measured well - the hood fit like a glove over his
newly bare head & neck. The hood had no openings, except for the two
tubes inserted in each of David's nostrils. He was breathing loudly, due
to the nasal tubes. "This will teach you not to speak to me again," Beth
said with a leer, and vigorously pumped up the gag, pumping it so large
his cheeks looked as though they would explode. "You won't forget again
who's in charge, will you, you naughty latex little slave boy?" she mocked.
He shook his head, disoriented from the lack of sensory perception. "Answer
me!" Beth demanded. David tried to speak, but his mouth was so full all
he could do is moan. "MMppphhhh," came the sound, muffled by the gag. Mixed
emotions of terror and desire raced through his mind, and the combination
of the two emotions and the latex were intoxicating. He suddenly noticed
that his hands were in mittens and restrained behind him, not even aware
of the moment they were placed there. His ankles were placed in leather
restraints and his legs were drawn up behind him and attached to the mittens,
causing him to lie face down. Beth then awakened David from the sleepy,
hypnotic trance. He didn't even protest about the restraints which bound
him. "I was going to allow you the privilege of licking my pussy, but after
that outburst, you can just lie here for a while," retorted Beth in a stern
tone. With that, she turned around and left the room.

Left to himself now, thoughts swirled around in his brain. No longer
under the hypnotic spell, he quickly realized his predicament, causing
yet another panic attack. This one seemed more intense than the last one,
he remembered, the feelings of panic and the distorted thoughts accompanying
it were more intense now. He tried to weakly escape his bonds, to no avail.
He seemed to feel quite weak and somewhat drained. But for some reason,
he didn't mind the bound and gagged state he was in. His mind seemed in
a fog. Then, the distinct fragrance of the latex permeated his brain. I
love that smell, he thought, and this suit. From deep within his mind,
he could hear his own voice say, "I love latex. I want to look at it or
wear it all the time. My Mistress allows me to wear latex all the time.
I will do anything my Mistress tells me to - I am a weak little boy slave.
She will protect me, so I must serve her in gratitude." The words that
he was hearing - in his own voice - frightened him. I must be going insane!
He panicked, struggling against his bonds. Why am I doing these things,
and why can't I fight back? A sense of total panic engulfed his mind, paralyzing
him with fear. Then the voice from within started to repeat the words he
heard before. Yes, the latex, the latex... then blackness.

When David regained consciousness he no longer found himself bound and
gagged, but still wearing the catsuit and discipline hood. Totally disoriented
and unaware of his surroundings he tried to yell, but only managed a muffled
moan. Where is my Mistress, he thought, not even realizing the implications
that thought had. He was now a slave, wanting to serve his mistress without
question. "He's awake, Mistress," came a voice from out of the blackness,
one that he was not familiar with. He seemed to be lying face up on a bed
with latex sheets covering it. "The chemical transformation process seems
almost complete and ready for final processing, " the voice said calmly.
"You should be pleased when the process is finished." "I certainly hope
so," another voice replied. It was Beth, his mistress. He felt a sense
of relief, and sighed. Mistress will protect me, he reassured himself.
I am her little latex slave boy-toy.

Surprisingly, even though the restraints binding his hands and feet
were now gone, David could not move. "Soon, latex slave, I will give you
permission to lick my pussy. You would like that David, wouldn't you? You
want to lick it all over!" He attempted once again to talk, but stopped.
It's no use, he decided. "Maybe if you do a good job making me cum, I will
allow you the privilege of feeling my tongue on your puny little cock.
That makes you real hot, doesn't it? My tongue licking your balls, sucking
your worthless slave cock. That is, if I choose to remove your chastity
belt! David sensed a pull at his scrotum, then vibrations in his whole
genital area. God, he wanted to cum, but realized he would be unable to
unless Mistress allowed it, or face punishment! The realization that she
had strapped a male chastity belt tightly around his waist and between
his now catsuited thighs now sunk in, holding him even more tightly.

Beth removed the hood and gag, saliva dripping from the gag, as she
slowly withdrew the now deflated ball from David's mouth. "I want you ask
your mistress if she will allow him to lick her pussy, slave. I know how
much you want to dart your tongue all around my clit, you slut. Now ask
me....nicely!" his mistress' voice spoke sharply. "Look at me!" Beth pulled
up David's chin with a riding crop, one that Beth had been saving for a
special occasion. David looked up, and Beth glared directly into David's
lust filled eyes. "You do want to lick my pussy, don't you David? You do,
David.....if you want that little belt off. Now beg! Beg for what you want
so bad! By this time, Beth could feel her sex throbbing, but revealed nothing
to David. "Yesss Mistress, please let me lick you. Let me lick your pussy.
Please?" David mewled, his voice a bit hoarse from wearing the gag. Beth
remained silent, waiting for more. "PLEASE MISTRESS! OH PLEASE LET ME LICK
YOU!!!! I am your slave, Mistress! Oh please, I need to lick you! PLEASE?"
David pleaded. "That's much better, you naughty little boy. You are my
slave, and I am your wife/mistress - forever!!!"

Beth tried hard to not show her steadily increasing arousal. Cool it
a bit, she thought. Don't blow it! Not now!! Beth arose from her seat quickly,
and walked towards the cushy sofa in the Study. After she had laid down,
she noticed the overstuffed cushions seemed so soft, even against the suit
she was wearing. Beth called to David, "Come here David. Lick your Mistress.
Kneel and lick your Latex Mistress! Lick me," her voice husky with desire.
Beth shoved David's face onto her throbbing labia. He immediately began
lapping away at her already wet clit, his tongue seeming to dance all over
her sex. He had almost become animal-like - growling, licking harder and
faster now. "That's rightt, lick me, suck me! His tongue darting madly
now, as Beth began slowly rocking her hips, shoving David's face even tighter
against her sex.

Looking down at David, hungrily licking at her pussy, darting his tongue
in lust and obedience, Beth climaxed, her body shuddering with lust. Oh,
this little boy certainly knows how to please, she thought. David's transformation
was becoming just what she had always hoped for, contentment in her marriage,
and a someone who would always need her and care for her. David fell back
onto the floor, his mittened hands still bound behind him. I will serve
Mistress forever.....she loves me and will protect me. The old David was
no longer - his personality reprogrammed for service to his Mistress/Wife,
Beth.  She replaced the hood, shoving the ball gag back in firmly.
Hmmm....should I inflate it again? Maybe just a little.....can always pump
it up some more.......hehehe......! Beth squeezed the bulb a few times
and stopped, smiling, admiring the sight before her: David's entire body
clad in shiny black latex, looking so sleek, the latex gleaming even in
the dimly lit room.

David's Latex Submission - Chapter 3

Beth continued the indoctrination of David's new-found obsession with
all things latex for an additional week, wanting to watch him crave what
he once thought was "silly", and to make David even more docile and submissive,
unable to function with out her presence, and rapidly descending into insanity,
so complete was her control over his will. He was now a mere mindless pawn,
a plaything for the satisfaction of Beth's desires and commands. As a finishing
touch to her slave's appearance, his nipples were pierced, a chain pulled
snugly between the new rings in each of David's nipples, which now were
permanently erect as a result of the piercing, and extremely sensitive
to touch, and the permanent bonding of his latex outer covering to his
anatomy, now making his skin merge and be absorbed by the rubber encapsulation,
blending with and transforming his body chemistry to be compatible with
the latex.

Beth enjoyed watching David's intensifying lust for rubber immensely
in the coming weeks, along with his deepening submissiveness to Beth. Consciously,
David was unaware of his enslavement, but he felt a growing sense of terror
anytime that he was not with her now. Going to work every day was becoming
more and more difficult these days for him. He was beginning to fear even
leaving the house without Beth, and eventually had to leave his job. Beth
was thrilled at this prospect, since she didn't really want him to work
at all - too many outside distractions to deal with.

One of those "outside distractions" was standing at the front door,
attempting to get a look inside. Suzanne Morgan, David's administrative
assistant and the woman Beth suspected of seducing and then having an affair
with him, was pounding at the front door. Damn, that Bitch is here, Beth
thought worriedly. Suzanne was such a busybody! Beth came to realize that
David would have remained faithful, had it not been for her falling all
over him like she did! Damn that bitch! Beth's anger intensified. I wish
I could get rid of her as easily as it had been to make David my slave,
she wished to herself. Suddenly, an almost sadistic grin flashed across
Beth's face, her eyes now twinkling with evil glee.

Why can't I take care of her as easily as I did David, she pondered.
Sure! Why not ! This little bitch needed to be taught a lesson, Beth reasoned.
Ignoring Suzanne's nosy looks into the house, she waited for the little
whore to ring the bell. She was going to be sorry that she did that to
me, Beth decided. Beth slowly swung open the door, inviting the girl inside
in an almost syrupy friendly voice. Suzanne was totally clueless about
what Beth had in mind for her - what fun this will be, Beth chuckled.

Beth offered Suzanne a Cappuccino, which Suzanne accepted in her usual
condescending tone. Beth brought the drink to Suzanne, having slipped some
of the drug Beth had used when initiating David's training. Suzanne definitely
seems to need some training, too, Beth decided. She might be just the perfect
addition - two mindless, worthless slaves, one male & one female. This
should be fun to do to this little slut! Beth was surprised to notice how
wet her pussy was becoming - could she actually be a bi? The thought of
it was unnerving to her, but also very erotic! Maybe I do have a taste
for both sexes, she thought nervously to herself, her thoughts returning
to the roommate she was sure she had fallen in love with in her Junior
year, but was too afraid to admit it to. Beth was dumbfounded at the attitude
she had about her possible sexual preference change - so nonchalant!

She decided that she would now have two playthings for her enjoyment,
the thought of which made her just get even more wet! As she chattered
on to Suzanne, who was now beginning to fall prey to the strong serum given
to her, Beth glared at Suzanne with eyes like cold steel. Suzanne jumped
at the strong gaze Beth was giving her, a slight amount of fear on her
face. Her eyes were now beginning to flutter, fighting to remain open.
Suzanne felt so relaxed, so sleepy......her eyes began to focus on a disc
moving in a steadily pulsating wave of movement that had appeared on Beth's
computer monitor. "That's right 
Suzanne," Beth intoned soothingly. Look at the moving disc.........watch
it pulsate, see the rhythm of it moving..........it is very soothing, very
relaxing, isn't it Suzanne? "Yesss it iss........sooo.....soothinggggg.......
Suzanne could barely utter the words. She was transfixed on the swirling
pulsating disc in front of her. Yessss.....so..soothing...... must look
at it ..........Suzanne's eyes went blank, the usually stern glare now
a blank stare.

"Suzanne, you are now in a very deep hypnotic trance......listen only
to the sound of my voice...........the voice of the disc pulsating..........the
voice makes you feel very safe now Suzanne, doesn't it?" "Yessss," her
voice almost a whisper now. "I feel very safe." "You must trust the voice
now, and do what ever it tells you, won't you Suzanne?" Beth had to fight
to sustain the monotonous tone. "Yesss.....whatever it tells me.........."
Suzanne echoed. "The voice now is coming from your Mistress, Suzanne, isn't
it?" Beth was really enjoying this!

"my Mistress........I must trust my Mistress......." Suzanne would be
a good subject. "Kneel before your Mistress, you worthless slut!" Beth
demanded, yanking on Suzanne's locks and pulling her to her now trembling
knees. "Yes Mistress, I am worthless - a whore........."she replied, and
Beth could tell she was getting hot! It seemed that the more she said it
the more aroused she became! "From this day on, you will be my slave to
use and abuse as I see fit! You are such a weak little bitch!" Beth was
laying it on thick! "I want you as my weak, helpless slave - my latex slave...........you
will soon evolve into your new latex encasement, and become one with the
latex. If you choose to resist, your punishment will be severe, and Permanent!
Resistance will be punished - you must obey, you will obey your Latex Mistress!"
Beth's voice had a chilling evil tone now. "Yessssss...........Mistresssssss..........the
latexx........."came Suzanne's blank reply.

Two days later, after Suzanne had received severe latex bondage training,
Beth decided that too much of her will still lingered. She then increased
Suzanne's training regimen to include some strong humiliation to truly
reprogram her personality. Suzanne was forced to be responsible for the
Mistresses' personal hygiene, and was made to lick her Mistresses' ass
after defecating to clean it. After the slave was forced into repeating
the procedure two or three times, Suzanne became more compliant, and now
wanted to please her Mistress without resistance. She wanted nothing more
than to be a latex slave, a worthless latex creature obsessed with the
pleasure of her Mistress and nothing more. Suzanne was now ready for her
permanent transformation, to have the chips that had been placed in David's
brain to also be placed in hers, and she would also become Mistress' slave
doll.

The next morning, Suzanne was taken to the clinic, just as David was.
She too had been placed in a deep trance, making the events surrounding
her procedure also unknown to her. Beth took great pleasure in the fact
that this former snobbish and nosy little bitch would now be a weak, submissive
latex slave! She relished the thought of Suzanne, begging and pleading
on her knees for Beth to allow her the privilege of becoming her slave.
She was going to repay Suzanne for her impudence, for her blatant attempts
to seduce her husband!

Suzanne's will had been broken too, just as David's had. There were
only faint remnants now of her once strong-willed personality. Like David,
they would soon be eliminated, too, leaving only the docile empty shell.
It had been just what Suzanne deserved and needed. She was such a compliant
slave - an excellent specimen for robotic replacement. Beth noted the recommendation
on the slave's file - "Robotic Replacement" - and noted the complete retransformation
into subservience. Yes, she would be an excellent candidate. Beth envisioned
the way this slave would appear after robotics had been installed - a Suzanne
humanoid robot. She should make a good model for the rest of the robotic
replacement specimens, a thought that made Beth smile.

Beth enjoyed having the two slaves bound facing each other, and watching
them as she would make Suzanne lick David's cock, now permanently in a
shiny black sheath, writhing and begging Beth to have Suzanne lick it more.
They were such fun toys, Beth thought with a smile. David especially enjoyed
being allowed to watch while Beth would masturbate in front of him, making
him beg for her to suck his enslaved cock through a gas mask she would
place on him after restraining him tightly to a rack she purchased. When
she would finally remove his chastity belt and begin sucking his engorged
member, he would thrash about, finally losing consciousness, and explode
in a wild orgasm.

After Suzanne's chips had been installed in her brain, Lorraine and
Beth decided that this might be an alternative that other wives were searching
for, too, and came upon the idea of providing this as a service to other
women. The two women began placing ads online, offering women an opportunity
to have their husband or boyfriend learn new ways of communicating with
them, ways that would improve their relationships immensely.

They immediately received a huge response to their advertisement, and
scheduled an informative meeting for women only that would introduce them
to "the program" and outline for them what training their husbands would
receive, and next set up private appointments with their prospective clients
to explain in more detail. They kept the informative meeting rather vague,
stating that each training course would be individualized to suit each
couples' needs, thereby necessitating the need for private appointments.

When a client would meet with Beth and Lorraine, they would then outline
the training program that they felt would best suit both client and their
Significant Other, the associated costs involved, the length of the training
period, and lastly set an appointment to begin the program. Clients had
the option of having a custom program for transformation, or one selected
by Beth or Lorraine, which was the least costly alternative. It became
a very profitable service, with both David and Suzanne - now being used
as a demonstration for the success of the program.

Some women that requested the services of Beth and Lorraine found their
spouse/slaves unacceptable after training, either because their minds were
totally destroyed by the harsh training, or their will had not been broken
sufficiently. Many of these subjects were also referred for robotic replacement.
Robotic replacement was a much more drastic and invasive training program,
in which the subject's human characteristics were almost completely removed
and replaced with robotic components, essentially transforming the individual
into an android, a humanoid being programmed to serve its master.

Beth enjoyed training the prospective subjects, using her always compliant
slaves in the process. Beth and Lorraine had a huge secret dungeon built
to use for training. The room opened by a hidden touchpad on the wall in
the study, thereby concealing any evidence of what was below. There was
also a small surgical suite added, so that all phases of the training process
could be completed on site - a nice advantage. The two women were now financially
independent, using their service to benefit many others in the coming years.
Their husband/slaves had certainly done so..............
