---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Trust
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- n/a
---

\*

"Do you trust me?" He asked, out of the blue.

The were reading in the living room, each lost in their own book. She
nodded, glancing up at him. "Of course I do! You know that." She looked
puzzled. "Why do you ask?"

"Oh, ah... no particular reason." He smiled. "Just curious."

"Your curiosity concerns me." She said, but she was smiling. "I worry
about what goes on in that clever mind of yours."

"Me?" He acted shocked. "Why, I'm harmless. A teddy bear." He stood,
stretching. "Be right back."

She watched for his return, her curiosity piqued. "Wanna play a game?"
He asked, when he reappeared. "I promise you'll like it."

"I will, huh?" Swinging her legs off the couch, she stood up, facing
him.

"And just what are the rules of this game? I suppose it involves nudity?"

The smirk on her face made him laugh. "Why, actually, yes it does. Remember,
you said you trust me."

She gave a deep sigh, rolling her eyes. "I trust you completely." She
affirmed. "I love you."

"And I love you." So saying, he folded a dark blue silk scarf into a
thick pad, then covered her eyes with it. Her deep intake of breath told
him that she hadn't expected this, but she remained still, waiting for
his next move. A second scarf was wound around her head, holding the first
scarf in place.

"Can you see anything?" He asked.

"No." She honestly couldn't. The soft fabric against her eyes was cool,
comforting, the binding scarf just tight enough to secure the blindfold,
but not enough to hurt. She could feel his hands on her head, arranging
the scarf so it didn't pull her hair. "It's completely dark." She said.

He stood back to admire his prize, seeing the impatience in her as she
waited for his next move. Her fidgeting was delightful to him, a powerful
aphrodisiac.

"Still trust me?" He asked. She nodded. "Good. Now, Promise me, no matter
what, you won't take the blindfold off until I say you can."

She hesitated. What was she afraid of, though? "I promise." She said.
The waiting was unbearable. She hated waiting for anything, and now, since
she couldn't see what he was up to, she was twice as anxious. Tapping her
foot, crossing and uncrossing her arms.... What was he up to?

"Honey?" She asked, resisting the urge to reach out and find him. "Is
this it? Game's over?"

His deep chuckle came from behind her, and she whirled around in surprise.
"Now what?" She asked. "Is there a Pinata, or something? Pin the tail on
the Donkey?"

"No no no no." Gentle fingers stroked her face, and she almost jerked
away. His caress left trails of fire across her skin, down her cheek and
neck, across the collar of her blouse. She shuddered, a soft moan escaping
her lips.

"I think you're wearing too many clothes." He told her, rubbing her
breast briefly before his hand continued its trip down her body. Across
her stomach, towards her burning.... He stopped, pulling his hand away.
"Why don't you take them off for me?"

"O-okay." She suddenly felt shy, not wanting to expose herself to him.
Don't be silly! She told herself, forcing her hands up to the buttons on
her blouse. One by one they opened, the blouse falling off her shoulders
to land with a whisper of silk in a pile on the floor. He'd seen her without
clothes thousands of times; in fact, he'd removed them for her on more
than one occasion. As she unhooked the bra, she realised her nipples were
hard with excitement, and she blushed. What was he thinking? Surely he
was enjoying her discomfort, but he remained silent. Pushing her jeans
over her hips, she kicked them off, then slipped out of her panties. She
could feel the ends of the fine silk of her blindfold caressing her shoulders
and shivered deliciously at the sensation. Where was he? Still in front
of her? Behind her? Was he still in the room? Inching her foot forward,
she touched the edge of the coffee table, then propped her foot up, affecting
a pose.

"That's everything, except the blindfold and the anklet." She wiggled
her foot, making the anklet jiggle. "Do you want those off as well?"

"No. Leave them on." His voice was husky, thick with emotion. She felt
a hand on her thigh, rubbing up to squeeze her ass cheek. His mouth on
hers, a hungry kiss, stealing her breath before he kissed his way down
her neck. Sucking on her collar bone, his probing hand slid around her
hip to cover her sex, one finger slipping between her wet lips to tease
her clit. Her legs trembling, she leaned against him, her body responding
to his touch as always. He knew all the right spots, and he used them now,
licking the underside of her breast, kissing her shoulders and back. She
moaned, she groaned, she whimpered, but he refused to let her cum, slowing
his ministrations until her body calmed down. And then he walked away from
her.

"Honey?" She reached out tentatively, probing the area where he had
been. He'd left her so hot, her juices moist against the inside of her
leg, and so unfulfilled. "Where did you go?" The room was silent. She sat
down on the coffee table, trying to cover her nudity self-consciously.

"I'm taking off the blindfold." She called.

"No you don't!" He was behind her again! "You promised you wouldn't
take it off until I say so."

"I thought the game was over."

"Oh no.... it's far from over." He took her hand, leading her down the
hallway. "In fact, I think this game could go on most of the night. What
do you think?" She moaned. "Exactly!"

He placed her on the bed, laying her back on the mattress then stepping
away. She strained her ears to hear what he was doing, jumping slightly
when he joined her on the bed.

"Should have brought a towel to bed for you to sit on." he said, his
hands stroking the inside of her thigh. She flushed a bright red, all the
way down to her toes.

"Oh, that's so pretty!" He said, watching her blush deepen. "I love
it when I make you blush."

"Oh, hush!" She tried to roll away from him, but he held her still.
"Now you behave, or I'll have to tie your hands." He laughed. "On second
thought, maybe I should do that anyway."

"No!" She cried, but it was too late. Her hands were forced up suddenly
over her head, and secured tightly to the bedposts with two more scarves.

"I see. That was part of the plan."

"Of course it was." He moved off the bed, stepping away to watch her
again. He undressed quietly, enjoying the way she writhed on the bed. He
tiptoed around the bed, tickling the sole of her foot, tweaking her nipple,
stroking her soft skin. "You squirm deliciously." He told her, ignoring
the frown on her face.

It was almost too much to take. He climbed back on the bed once again,
his tongue diving now into her wet pussy, and she almost screamed as he
brought to her first orgasm. His cock was aching now, throbbing as he licked
up her juices. It wasn't as he had planned, but he had to take her now,
had to bury his cock inside her wetness. Rising to his knees, he positioned
her hips, and slid into her. She came almost immediately, convulsing around
his cock, and he groaned. Her swollen pussy lips sucked at his cock, and
he angled his body so his thrusts slid against her hard clit. She couldn't
stay quiet now, her breath little more than gasps and moans. Wetting his
fingers in her honey, he brought the wetness to her breast, covering the
nipple with her own juices. Lowering his mouth over the hard nub, he sucked
it clean, then leaned his head back, blowing cool air across it. She moaned
louder, her thighs clamping around his waist. This time, her orgasm brought
him to his. Exhausted, he collapsed on the bed beside her.

Holding her possessively, they relaxed, lethargic. "Untie me now?" She
asked after a while.

"Untie you? Why? Don't you trust me?" He flicked her nipple mischievously.
"You probably think I plan on taking advantage of you again."

"Of course I trust you, and I know you're planning on it." She tested
the bonds on her wrists again, knowing it was futile. "At least remove
the blindfold!"

He thought about it for a moment, then decided against it. Sliding off
the bed, he padded out of the room, ignoring her questions. He was having
too much fun to quit now. And as soon as he got the jar of honey from the
kitchen, he'd be back to finish playing the game......
