---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Snowbound 5: Wage Slavery'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F-ff
- FF
- D-s
- cell
- naked
- bond
- collar
- cuffs
- chain
- leather
- harness
- toys
- insert
- bdsm
- tease
- lesb
- mast
- climax
- fantasy
- cons
- X
date: 2014-11-10 00:00:00
---

story continued from [part four](snowbound4.html)

**Chapter 5: Wage Slavery**

When Cassandra awoke the next morning, she found that she was alone in the cot. Beth was in front of the prison sink/toilet; calmly brushing her teeth.

“Good morning,” said Beth.

“Good morning,” Cassandra replied as she sat up, naked as her companion.

Beth washed her mouth out with a cup of water, then proceeded to wash her face. When she was finished, she toweled herself off.

“There’s a new toothbrush for you to freshen up. If you’re shy about doing your toilette in front of me, Kate will be along soon to release us. Besides, I’m dying for a nice long hot soak in the bath after last night!” said Beth.

“How can I be shy about doing my business in front of you? After all, we were cropped together!” Cassandra laughed.

“I’m glad you’re so cheerful! That was some scene last night,” said Beth.

“Intense,” Cassandra agreed as she sat down on the toilet, and emptied herself.

“I take it you came to a decision about my offer?” Beth asked.

“Yes, I’ve decided to accept your offer, that was why I joined you last night.”

“Thanks ever so much!”

Beth sat on the cot as she watched Cassandra finish her toilette; wash her hands; brush her teeth; and wash her face. Finally, Cassandra joined her again on the cot.

“Whew! I could sleep for a week!” exclaimed Cassandra.

“Well, dear, now that you’re in my employ, there’s lots to do!”

“I don’t understand?”

“You have to sign a slave contract with Mistress Allison which will specify what liberties will be allowed with your body. Next, a contract with me regarding pay, your work, vacations, time off, etc!”

“Wow, I never considered things like that,” Cassandra answered.

“We’re not going to be spending all of our time confined down here in the playroom! I have companies I have to keep an eye on, money to manage! So there’s more here than just satisfying my sexual fantasies,” Beth explained.

“When we’re not doing scenes you have the use of the library; your own computer & net connection; and if you want to have some fun with Mistress Allison or Kate; go right ahead!”

“That’s very nice indeed, thank you!”

“And if there are any scenes you’d like to do, I’m all ears,” said Beth.

“In my last job a girl got a reprimand for stealing pens and copy paper. How about I get written up for stealing, and you get written up for watching Porn on the Net?”

“That’s great! Except that here, a Notice of Discipline is going to be more than just paper! We’ll both get stripes for our misdeeds!”

They both laughed together, and hugged tightly, their naked breasts pressed against each other.

“I need a bath!” said Beth.

“Me too!” Cassandra agreed.

For Cassandra, it was just the start of something new and exciting!

\* \* \*

Cassandra’s day was spent making decisions and signing papers. First she had a long talk about her sexuality with Mistress Allison, about establishing a safeword, and what she would and would not do, in D/s. Next, she became an employee of Beth Holland; and signed a contract with her too!

Of course, neither contract was legally binding, but instead established a road map for her strange employment with Beth!

The food that day was very good indeed: eggs Benedict for breakfast; a roast chicken for lunch; and steak for dinner!

But it was during the afternoon when Cassandra suddenly felt bored! All her life, she’d fantasized about what she’d do if she could stay home for work; now that her work was actually at home, she had to decide to do something.

When Kate came in to vacuum, Cassandra suddenly got an idea.

“Kate, is there any prohibition against you showing me the playroom downstairs?”

“After your session last night, I would have thought that would be the last thing you’d like to see,” Kate replied.

“Well, I really only saw the cell; and for the rest of the time I was rather occupied!” Cassandra exclaimed, “as merchandise destined for the Sheik, Mistress Allison wasn’t about to give me the tour!”

“No, I guess not. Let’s go, I could use a break from housework and I’ll make some coffee for the two of us,” said Kate, “you don’t have to be naked all the time, by the way, just for sessions. How about a robe?”

“Thanks.”

Kate retrieved one from the closet and handed it to Cassandra, who draped it over her naked body, which was covered in red marks.

“How do you feel?” Kate asked.

“A little sore, but I guess I’ll survive,” Cassandra answered.

“What you’ve done so far is nothing compared to what submissives endure in long term relationships.”

“Oh!”

“Let me give you the nickel tour. I can take a little time off for a break, but if I‘m not back at work, then it’ll be my turn under the lash, and Mistress Allison doesn’t need any more reasons to discipline ME!”

\* \* \*

“Why two jail cells?” Cassandra asked, her high heels clicking on the stone floor.

“Beth wanted her friend Valerie Newman to join her in bondage, but she stayed only a few weeks and then left, saying that bondage wasn’t for her.”

“Oh.”

“This is a rack; this an X-frame; this one’s called a horse, you rest your sex on it and after a while you’ll feel like you’re being split in two; the ceiling chains you know already; here’s a small cage like the one in the library; but the real action is on the wall,” said Kate.

Cassandra walked over to each one, and finally stopped at the display of devices hanging from a metal rack against the far wall of the playroom.

“Are all of these things intended to be used on me?” Cassandra asked.

She saw an assortment of paddles; whips; crops of various lengths; floggers; gags; and handcuffs! There was enough here to stock a fetish shop!

“Eventually! Just keep in mind that Mistress Allison has been keeping Beth under the lash for quite some time; and me ever since we met in Manhattan. So I’m quite familiar with the lash,” said Kate.

“I don’t know how you can talk so calmly about it,” Cassandra observed, “being whipped, after all.”

“Girls can get used to just about anything,” Kate answered, “even being whipped. This will sound strange, but you’ll grow to like it after a while.”

“Wow.”

“Well, you’re here, aren’t you? Complete with collar and bondage bracelets,” Kate pointed out, “you wouldn’t be here unless you wanted to be.”

“Yes,” Cassandra agreed.

“During a scene you’ll be expected to go to the wall and choose what instrument you want: crop; paddle; whip; then hand it to Mistress Allison; and ask her to punish you with it.”

Cassandra stood in silence, taking it all in.

“Oh, it’s not so bad. I’ve been a submissive for years, and like I said, a girl can get used to just about anything.”

“Mistress Allison used a term yesterday I didn’t understand: what’s a Pony Girl?”

“You get harnessed up like a horse; get trained to canter and prance like one; even to pull carts! I’ll loan you a DVD of me last year being trained. Very intense!”

“Oh!” said Cassandra.

“Oh, I almost forgot, Mistress Allison would like to speak to you later,” said Kate.

“What about?” Cassandra asked.

“Probably to ask if you’ve enjoyed yourself so far,” Kate replied.

“Enjoyed isn’t quite the word I would use,” Cassandra answered.

“What is the word, then?”

“I’m not sure,” Cassandra answered, “ask me again after I’ve been flogged.”

\* \* \*

Cassandra spent the rest of the morning until lunch watching a DVD of Kate being trained as a Pony Girl. First, Kate removed her clothes, and then was locked into a harness composed of leather and steel. Then she was made to imitate the motions of a horse; alternately being trained by first a man, then a woman.

She watched as a long dressage whip was used on Kate’s bottom! Kate didn’t protest as her bottom was striped by the whip; and Cassandra wondered just how she would react to being under the same circumstances.

Lunch was excellent; but it was afterwards that Cassandra faced a fundamental problem. There was nothing for her to do!

She could watch TV (there were plenty of DVDs to watch; adult and regular); or read; or take a nap. But the urge to do something; to work; overpowered the reality of doing nothing!

When Cassandra had lived and worked in Manhattan she had always wondered about the “ladies who lunched.” Rich women who didn’t have to work; but instead spent their time shopping at Saks or other stores. She could never imagine herself without anything to do, yet she had been unemployed a year and having finally found the most unusual job ever; she was actually bored. And it was only halfway through the day!

Cassandra left her room in search of Mistress Allison. Perhaps the Mistress could find something for her to do!

Cassandra knocked at the library door.

“Enter,” said Mistress Allison from within.

Cassandra was certain that she would find Beth either caged or bound to the footstool. Instead Mistress Allison was alone in the library.

“Ah, Cassandra. Please sit down, is there anything I can do for you?”

“Yes, Mistress, you wanted to see me.”

“Of course, please sit down. You don’t have to kneel on the carpet, we’re not doing a scene.”

“Thank you.”

“Before you got in too deep in Beth’s ’House of Bondage’ as I like to call it, I just wanted to ask what you thought of all of this? After all, this isn’t your everyday situation, now is it?”

“I’m a little shocked right now. I expect somehow to wake up and find that all of this has been a dream.”

“But instead, you’re wearing a collar and bracelets.”

“Yes,” Cassandra replied.

“Have you enjoyed your scenes so far?”

“Yes, Mistress, very much.”

“Then I take it you want to experience more submission?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, I would, Mistress,” Cassandra replied.

“Did you ever look at a bondage catalog and found something that interested you?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“What was it?” questioned Mistress Allison.

“A dildo harness. One night, while I was on the internet I went to a sex site, and saw a dildo harness. I’ve always wondered since what it would be like to wear one for a period of time. Do you have one?” Cassandra asked.

“Yes, of course,” Mistress Allison answered, in the same tone of voice as if Cassandra was asking if she had a vacuum cleaner!

“Wow,” Cassandra replied.

“Would you like to wear one now?” Mistress Allison asked.

“Yes,” Cassandra answered.

“You’re quite the eager student, aren’t you?” replied Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Follow me,” said Mistress Allison. Adjoining the Library was another room, where the sex toys were kept.

Mistress Allison walked over to a dresser, and removed a leather device from the top drawer.

“Beth had bought most every sex toy in existence, I’m sure you’ll enjoy this one,” said Mistress Allison, “now remove your robe as I lock you into the harness.”

Cassandra removed her robe, and she was again naked in front of Mistress Allison. She placed the robe on a nearby chair, and stood silently as she was about to experience another form of erotic torment!

Cassandra’s ordeal began with a belt locked around her waist, followed by one between her legs. She stood silently as Mistress drew the belt upwards, and opened her legs to accommodate the invader inside her already wet and excited sex!

“Oooooh!” Cassandra moaned as the invader penetrated her most female orifice!

“I can also put a butt plug for your other hole, Cassandra. But we can leave that for another day!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“How about a walk?” asked Mistress Allison as she held a riding crop in her hands.

Feeling like a slut, Cassandra first put one high heeled foot in front of the other, and shakily began to walk! The belt around her waist wasn’t too tight, but the dildo inside her sex was driving her wild with excitement!

“Oooooooh!” Cassandra moaned when the first orgasm broke though her naked body like a tidal wave.

“Having fun?” questioned Mistress Allison.

“Yes…yes,” Cassandra stuttered in response.

Like most women, Cassandra kept a vibrator in her night table, for those lonely days when she was without sexual companionship! But she had never experienced anything like this before! The rubber shaft was held in place by the belt, and there was no way that she was going to get it off without the key!

“Care to look at yourself in the mirror?” Mistress Allison asked.

“Yes,” Cassandra replied fitfully.

She stepped her way carefully in front of the full length mirror, and surveyed herself head to toe! She was naked, and a leather collar encircled her neck, and similar bracelets with “D” rings were locked around her wrists and ankles. She was wearing a pair of outrageous four inch black patent high heels, but it was the belt that held her fascination!

Her hands tried to pull at the leather surrounding her waist, but the belt was held in place by tiny locks: and Mistress Allison was holding the key!

Cassandra reached between her legs and pulled at the cross strap that held the dildo in place, and only succeeded in moving the invader inside her, making her moan with pleasure!

“I should punish you for trying to remove the harness, but since it’s your first time, I’ll overlook your efforts to free yourself.”

“Thank you, Mistress,” said Cassandra.

“Beth also has another garment to wear when she’s in her captivity. It’s a dress from one of the versions of “Story of O”; would you like to try it on?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Your breasts will be on display constantly, and it leaves your sex and bottom easily available for use. Definitely not for sale at the Mall,” laughed Mistress Allison.

Three years earlier, Cassandra and her last boyfriend had been invited to a black tie event. She had gone to Macy’s and bought a low cut Black Dress that showed off her figure, which she wore with matching high heels. After the event, he had ditched her for a lawyer, and Cassandra had felt betrayed, which was how she had found herself in the Midwest.

Mistress Allison handed Cassandra the dress, which she soon was wearing. It was all that the Mistress had said it would be!

“How do you feel?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Exposed, and sexy as hell!” Cassandra replied.

“Would you rather wear the dress, or the Maid’s uniform?”

“If it’s all right, I’d rather wear the dress,” Cassandra answered.

“Certainly, that’s what Beth had it made for. So you can express your sexuality.”

“Wow, I can’t believe what’s happened to me! I was unemployed, driving home in a deadly snowstorm, with nothing to look forward to, and here I am in a sexual fantasy!” Cassandra declared.

“When Beth approached me with the idea, I thought that it was crazy at first, myself,” Mistress Allison confided.

“Why did you take the job?” Cassandra asked.

“Necessity can be a great spur for change. Kate and I were unemployed, and there were no jobs in New York City! None! Worse, when I did get an interview, and they found who I had worked for, employers didn’t want me at all! I had the scarlet letter!”

“I’ve heard of that problem with former Enron employees.”

“You’d think it my fault that the company was mismanaged,” added Mistress Allison with a trace a bitterness in her voice, “the big guys took their gains as stock options and cashed them out at the top of the market, and stashed their bonuses away. The workers had their stock in 401Ks and lost everything!”

“I can see you’re still angry,” said Cassandra.

“Damn right,” said Mistress Allison, who had lost her detached Dominatrix composure.

Cassandra admired herself in the mirror, which was one of three, just like in the department store! She turned right and left, and saw the marks on her back where the whip had struck.

“You’re very pretty,” Mistress Allison complimented her .

“Thank you,” said Cassandra.

“How do you like being in bondage?”

“As Kate said, a girl can get used to anything. I suppose I’ll regret my decision whenever I’m flogged or whipped, but I suppose I’ll come to regard my situation as normal after a while.”

“Yes, you’ve now entered a strange society of women. I hope you enjoy your time here,” said Mistress Allison.

“Thank you,” said Cassandra.

“Have you ever worn a corset before?” asked Mistress Allison.

“No, Mistress.”

“Then you’ll need corset training, Cassandra. Nothing makes a woman feel more feminine than when she’s laced into a corset.”

Cassandra wondered what else was awaiting for her in Beth’s house?

“But we can do that another day,” said Mistress Allison, “we can’t possibly do everything in one day. Else you wouldn’t have anything to look forward to,” laughed Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra replied.

“Why don’t you run along and acquaint yourself with your new friend. If you need to go to the bathroom, just call me or Kate. I’ll be in the library.”

“Yes, Mistress,” said Cassandra, knowing that she had been dismissed.

\* \* \*

Cassandra left Mistress Allison alone, and proceeded to wander around the house, all the while taking careful measured steps in her four inch heels, with the shocking belt locked around her waist!

For years she had fantasized about wearing a dildo harness after she had seen one online. Cassandra had never bothered buying one, since she felt that the vibrator that she kept in her night table fulfilled all her needs.

But now she was a submissive, albeit a well paid one, and Mistress Allison, Kate, and Beth would all have use of her!

Then again, she thought, she might one day be allowed to discipline Beth, and that was something that she was looking forward to!

“I see you’re wearing the dress, do you like it?” asked Beth.

Cassandra had been deep in thought, wondering when her body would again betray her by giving her another massive orgasm.

“Yes, thank you,” Cassandra replied.

Beth was still in her collar, bracelets, robe, and heels.

“I’ve been wearing a robe of late. Now that I’ve got a bondage companion, I guess I’ll start wearing the dress again. You look wonderful.”

“Thank you, Beth.”

“Not exactly something sold at the mall, is it?”

“No. How did you get it made?”

“Money can buy everything, Cassandra. You should know that, having lived in Manhattan. I merely found a dressmaker who wouldn’t ask any questions, and had several made. I have a whole closet full!”

“Why did you buy so many?” Cassandra asked.

“Well, I thought I would be sharing my bondage with my friend Valerie, but she decided that slavery wasn’t for her. She liked the fetish wear and bondage well enough, but when it came to actual discipline, she wasn’t really into submission.”

“Besides the dress, Mistress Allison has locked me into a dildo harness,” Cassandra stated.

“How do you like it?”

“I feel like a shameless slut,” Cassandra replied.

“That’s the way you’re supposed to feel.”

“I watched a DVD of Kate being trained as a Pony Girl. It was interesting, to say the least.”

“If you want, we can do that next summer,” Beth offered, “and you’ll get a DVD of your Pony Training!”

“I’ll think about it,” Cassandra replied.

“You can get kittted out in the Winter,” offered Beth, “so you’ll be able to experience what it feels like.”

“Thanks.”

“Look at me!” Cassandra exclaimed.

She raised the dress and opened her legs to reveal the dildo harness between her legs. Her nipples were erect from the constant sexual stimulation she was receiving!

“You look wonderful,” said Beth, “in fact, I’ll shed this robe for a dress myself. Let’s watch a movie together!”

\* \* \*

It was the strange mixture of the commonplace and the unusual that kept Cassandra off-balance. Beth dressed herself in the same “O” dress that Cassandra wore, and they adjourned to the den.

The house had satellite TV; an extensive DVD collection (Beth had told Cassandra that if she ever wanted anything, just ask!); as well as an large porn collection. Including plenty of Bondage!

They settled down together to watch a porn film, in which a woman agreed to become a slave, and was treated accordingly!

Cassandra sat next to Beth, and the two women watched in rapt attention.

“Have you ever served a Master?” Cassandra asked.

“A couple of times, but I preferred being a slave to a woman,” Beth answered.

“I’ve only served women.”

“When I served Master Curt in Manhattan, he bound me to a footstool, took me from behind, then caned my bottom so I’d remember the scene every time I sat down.”

“Did you like it?” Cassandra asked.

“I loved it,” Beth replied, “he kept me gagged throughout the entire scene, so I couldn’t protest my predicament. What I really wanted to do was to beg for more,” Beth confided.

“Which was why you hired Mistress Allison and Kate?” Cassandra questioned.

“Yes. They were both out of work, and I suggested the idea to my friend Valerie, so I created the ’House of Bondage’ as I like to call it. I’m so glad you found it to be to your liking,” said Beth, “you look simply wonderful dressed like that.”

“So do you!”

“This is the strangest girl talk I’ve ever had with another female,” Cassandra explained.

“I bet you’ve never had one in a dress like that in chains, with a dildo harness either!” Beth replied.

“No, I can’t say that I have!” Cassandra replied.

Cassandra then drew her dress upward, opened her legs, and pulled again without effect on the harness between her legs.

“It’s one thing to use a vibrator during the night to climax, but this is just too much!”

“Just wait till Mistress Allison attached the butt plug and fills your bottom hole! It’s a completely different sensation.”

“Do you like it?” Cassandra asked.

“Sure,” Beth replied, “we’re merchandise for the Sheik, remember!”

They both laughed together.

\* \* \*

After a few hours of being in the dildo harness, just before dinner, Mistress Allison called Cassandra back to the library where she was unlocked from the harness. Mistress Allison removed the small locks that were keeping the device inside her sex, and Cassandra moaned when the thing was finally removed.

“Thank you, Mistress!” said Cassandra.

“You’re welcome, dear. Did you enjoy it?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good, because I have another kind of harness with a special key that is chained in the bathroom. That way you won’t have to find me or Kate to assist you in that department.”

“I don’t understand,” said Cassandra.

“The key allows you to unlock the middle strap, so you can attend to your toilet. But it can only be removed when it’s locked back to your waist belt. Ingenious!” explained Mistress Allison.

“I’m sure you’ll lock me into that in the future, Mistress” said Cassandra.

“Yes, it will be something new for you.”

\* \* \*

After their dungeon scene the previous evening, Cassandra wasn’t sure if they were going to be doing anything again that evening. After all, Cassandra had worn the “O” dress all day, and Beth had told her that she could wear it constantly from now on. It felt strange walking around with her breasts constantly exposed, and without a pair of panties either. But combined with the collar, bracelets, and heels, it also made her feel more like a sexual woman than ever before!

After dinner, both Mistress Allison and Kate disappeared, and Cassandra guessed that something was up!

Later that evening, both Cassandra and Beth were summoned to the library, where they found Mistress Allison seated behind her desk, wearing a leather dress, boots, and a riding crop in front of her!

“Take off your dresses and kneel,” Mistress Allison ordered.

“Yes, Mistress,” they said in unison as they removed their dresses, placed them over a chair, and knelt in front of their Mistress.

“Kate failed today to obey one of my instructions, and is now downstairs in the Dungeon awaiting her punishment. She is to be flogged, and both of you will be in attendance.”

“Yes, Mistress,” they both said together.

“I may require one, or both of you, to assist. Since Cassandra is new, I will have her assist me in disciplining Kate. Do you understand, Cassandra?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“If you should fail to obey an order, then it will be you taking her place being flogged. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good. I want that clearly understood before we proceed! Now you’re going to be locked into a coffle, and we’ll take the elevator downstairs. I don’t want you falling down the stairs when your ankles are chained together!”

The house had a secret elevator that was concealed behind an ordinary looking door that Cassandra had never opened. Their wrists were locked behind their backs, a short chain connected their ankles, their collars were locked together with a long chain, and Mistress Allison held the leash, which was attached to Cassandra’s collar.

“You are going to be ’lead girl’,” said Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra replied.

Their final bondage occurred when Mistress Allison buckled ball gags into their mouths, silencing them both! Mistress Allison pinched their erect nipples, and thrust her fore and middle fingers into their wet slits.

“You’re both bondage sluts,” commented Mistress Allison.

“Mmmmmmmph!” was all that they could manage when their sex was probed.

“Come,” commanded Mistress Allison, pulling on Cassandra’s leash, “Kate’s punishment awaits!”

The End of Chapter Five

*Attn: Readers please feel free to send e-mail to the author. I do want to hear from you! Please mention whatever newsgroup or Website that you read this story from so that I can keep track of my own work!*
