---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiessz/scanned_printed_sealed3.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Scanned, Printed, Sealed
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F+/m
- objectify
- enclosed
- costume
- roleplay
- mannequin
- buttplug
- toys
- remote
- gag
- enema
- electro
- game
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2025-07-13 00:00:00
---

### Part Three

#### Several Weeks later…

The three friends were in a small, curtained off area, behind the “Fantastic Plastics Factory” display booth on the floor of one of the larger Comic Conventions. Even with company money backing them, floor space was limited and competition was fierce between vendors for the best locations and prime real estate. As it was Fantastic Plastics first year at the convention they had luckily been given a double sized booth but way in the back. They had curtained off an area behind the booth as a changing room and Maggie and Paula were getting Phil dressed.

Phil was remarking to them, “You didn’t have to make me promise to attend this event, I would have done it voluntarily.”

Maggie responded, “Yes, I’m sure you would have attended. But would you have agreed to being a booth babe for the entire nine days?”

“Okay maybe not.” Phil chuckled. “I did have to move some things around to have the full weekend to weekend run of the event off.”

Paula cautioned him, “Hold still, I don’t want to pinch anything important.” She was busily fitting plastic pieces to Phil’s body.

Phil made an effort to hold as still as possible. He was currently standing in a spandex catsuit and a pair of printed plastic boots, while his friends fitted additional armor pieces to his legs.

“This is a great idea for a new market for your company to get into,” Phil told Paula, “Custom printed 3-D costumes and parts.”

Paula replied, “I’m not sure how big the market is, but it is a natural fit with our scanning and fast printing methods.”

Phil waved at the various plastic parts waiting to be applied to his body “What character am I exactly?”

“Well it was too short a notice to get permission to use any of the big name characters,” Paula told him. “So I had a friend whip out some sketches for an original armored Robot Cyborg kinda hero.”

“Excellent,” Phil nodded his head “An original concept, no one can tell me I’m wrong.”

“Exactly,” Maggie agreed. She did not mention that she and Paula had given her artist friend some very specific parameters for the design.

Paula had a battery powered drill with a star hex head bit, she was using it to screw together the pieces around Phil’s body.

“Not glueing me inside the costume this time?” Phil observed.

“Not today,” Paula told him, “We want to show people how they would assemble their own costumes.”

Maggie grinned and did not say anything. Paula’s comment of “not today” was true, but misleading for Phil.

Soon enough, with both of them working together, they had Phil sealed inside his armored cyborg suit.

There was a robotic voice changer inside Phil’s helmet and he used it to ask, “How do I drink or go pee in this tin can?”

The girls couldn’t help but chuckle, the question in a robot voice was hilarious.

“Well you went right before we costumed you,” Paula said, “We’ll let you out for lunch. Then back in the suit till closing.”

“Until then all you have to do is pose for pictures and wander around the Con randomly,” Maggie told him.

“How will people know what I’m advertising?” Phil’s robotic voice asked.

Paula told him, “You have the company website on your back and a QR code on your chest plate.”

“Anyone who takes your picture and posts it online, will be spreading the company cosplay site,” Paula explained, “The marketing boys whipped together a cosplay specific landing page just for this event. Also it has a map to this booth for people who want more details.”

“Then we also have your doppelganger back here at the booth as a static display.” Maggie opened the curtain to the main booth area and Phil could see an identical suit of plastic armor seated on a robotic throne of some kind.

Phil curiously examined his double, “So my twin rules the roost while I wander the floors.”

“Plus it’s an interactive display,” Paula pointed out some of the features. “The back of the throne lights up and a theme song is played when you press this button. His eyes light up and a recorded message is played when you step on this floor mat in front of the throne. Plus several more features anyone in the booth can activate as needed.”

“A very talented fellow, my twin,” Phil complimented Paula. “Between me on the floor and him holding down the booth, we should generate some positive buzz for the company.”

“Exactly, a two pronged attack to capture eyes and minds,” Maggie agreed.

In addition to his doppelganger prominently seated in the center of the booth, there were several monitors showing 3-D plastic printers in action. Rotating scans of a human body reduced to a wireframe, then various plastic pieces flying in to be applied to the 3-D body. The PR and graphics people had made some excellent visuals. Very realistic and very superhero movie-like. Then there were samples of the plastics on various tables and samples of pieces like his armored suit, those could be picked up and handled by visitors. Phil noticed one monitor was showing the artist's conception drawings of the suit he was wearing. Then those armor parts being highlighted, then rendered in 3-D modeling software, then scaled to fit a wireframe body scan.

“Hey that’s me!” Phil exclaimed in surprise.

Paula nodded, “Yes, it was easier to use an existing scanned model and show the process of scaling pieces to fit that body.”

“Just be happy they didn’t include the scans I made of your crotch,” Maggie added grinning.

“Small favors,” Phil remarked. “So when does this place open up?”

As if reading Phil’s mind an announcement came over the internal speaker system, “15 minutes to doors opening, vendors be ready to open.”

“Let’s take a last look at you Phil.” Paula examined his robotic armored cyborg costume, making sure the screws were tight and nothing would or could fall off accidentally. She pulled out a spray bottle and a soft rag to wipe off her own fingerprints she had left behind putting the suit on Phil.

“Good to go?” Maggie asked.

Paula gave her a thumbs up. “Everything is tight and in place.”

Maggie turned to Phil, “You good in there?”

Phil’s robotic voice responded, “This unit is functioning properly.”

“Seriously Phil?” Maggie asked/

His voice, still sounding robotic, replied, “All good in here, I’ve got good visibility and I can hear well enough. No problems moving around.” He waved his arms and did a few steps and turns in place to demonstrate.

Maggie chuckled, “It’s been a long time since one of our evil plots allowed you to still move around.”

Phil replied “Sure I can move around, but you’ve still got me sealed into this suit with no way I can get out on my own.”

Maggie patted his armored chest “Just remember that and stop by the booth now and then so we can check on you.”

“As you command,” Phil slipped back into his robot mode to reply.

Paula smiled. “That’s the right attitude, now go out there and sell Cyborg Man!”

Phil waited a few minutes for the announcement over the speakers. “Main doors opening now.”

He assumed there’d be a bit of a crush as the first wave of attendees descended on the dealers room. He’d heard horror stories of mad fans rushing to get Convention special items and had no desire to be knocked over in this restrictive costume. He could move relatively well, but there were limits and being knocked flat on his ass and trying to get back up on his own was probably one of them.

Speaking of which “I have no idea how long a lap of the room will take me, but assume if you don’t see me passing by every 30 minutes or so, I might need help.”

Maggie reassured him “Don’t worry cyborg man, we’ll come looking for you if you don’t check in regularly.”

Phil decided he had stalled long enough, he had promised to be a booth babe and that meant braving the crowds.

#### The Convention Floor

Phil knew he was moving like a certain famous golden droid from the movies, the suit's design mandated a certain style of walking and the desire to not fall over was strong. He passed by several vendors' tents and got several call outs complimenting the costume. No one was stopping him for pictures yet so he continued to walk the lane he was in till he hit one of the convention centers walls. Turning left which would take him closer to the main entrance to the room, he did his robotic shuffle and covered ground slowly but safely. He started seeing convention attendees patronizing some of the booths. No one had noticed him yet, too busy buying limited edition merchandise.

He had made it nearly to the far wall that had the main entrance in it, when he had someone stand in front of him “Great costume, can I get a picture with you?”

It was a younger fan, a 11-13 year old boy in a store bought Transformers costume. Phil thought quickly for a robot-like response.

“This unit will comply with your request for photographs.” His robot voice changer made it sound somehow ominous.

The pre-teen boy stood next to Phil and for the first time Phil noticed the boy's mom with a camera at the ready and standing by. Phil placed an arm on the boy's shoulder and posed. The flash went off on the camera and the mom called out “One more, just in case.”

Phil continued to pose next to the boy while the mom took another picture. He was just starting to move on when another boy this time even younger wanted a picture with the robot. Phil posed again, and the proud parents took pictures.

Phil took maybe three steps before an attractive young lady in a pink Power Rangers outfit wanted pictures. She asked if they could do some sort of mock battle in the pictures, so Phil pretended to choke her with both hands while she gripped his forearms. Then he pretended to fly backwards while she held a side kick for the picture.

Of course this drew a small crowd of people with cameras snapping away and asking them both to hold the pose for “One more please!” By the time Phil and the Pink Power ranger parted ways, at least a half dozen people had snapped pictures of their mock battle.

“Can’t say I’m not doing my booth babe job,” Phil thought to himself as this time a photographer who was working with a really nice Godzilla suited person wanted to stage a Monster vs Giant Robot style photo shoot.

Phil agreed and soon he found himself pretending to swing Godzilla by the tail. The photographer assured him that he’d work some magic in post to make it look like he was swinging him around. Of course Godzilla had to get in some attacks too and Phil found himself posing in several reaction shots to being “hit” by the monster in return. At one point he posed in a cringing position as if Godzilla was hitting him with the famous radioactive breath, again the photographer assured him it would look amazing after adding in some effects.

This took 15-20 minutes and Phil was sweating rather profusely under his costume by the end of it. “I’d better retrace my steps back to the booth or the girls will be worried,” he thought.

Of course even though he was headed away from the main entrance, the event was filling up with more people as time went on, and there were several more requests to take photos with him from a variety of costumed attendees. Phil did his best to grant every reasonable request. But by the time he returned to the booth he was a very tired robotic cyborg man.

Maggie greeted him, “Phil we were just starting to worry!” she exclaimed.

“Photos, so many photos,” Phil’s robot voice told her.

Paula told him, “Let’s go in back and get your helmet off for a few minutes.”

Phil just nodded and stepped into the curtained area. Paula applied her power driver and backed out the screws on the helmet, removing Phil’s faceplate first. “Better?” she asked him.

“Much,” Phil replied. “Can you wipe my face? Sweat is getting into my eyes.”

Paula picked up a towel and wiped his forehead, then blotted the rest of his face gently.

“Sorry there’s no built-in fan, next version,” Paula told him.

“No worries,” Phil said “I just need to stop by more frequently for pit stops.”

Paula left him resting behind the curtains and returned to help Maggie for a few minutes and to let Phil cool off.

Phil found he could rest by leaning against the back of a chair. It didn’t take a lot of the weight off his feet but it helped a little. The 3-D printed plastic “boots’ on his feet had limited ankle flex but otherwise fit perfectly. They just forced him to walk unnaturally and that was tiring. He made a mental note to tell Paula to incorporate room for insoles if people wanted 3-D printed footwear for their costumes. Or to scan the person's foot wearing a comfy pair of sneakers, and print the boot or armor over the shoe.

Maggie poked her head behind the curtain. “Ready to booth babe some more?”

Phil nodded and stood back up. “You’ll need to reapply the faceplate.” He held it in place in front of his helmet.

Maggie picked up the power tool and lined up the screws before applying the bit. They were short screws and it only took seconds per screw to set them tight. Two across the forehead , two on the chin and three along each side. Ten tiny screws later and he was sealed into the robot cyborg suit again.

“Thank you for your assistance,” Phil said in his robot monotone voice. “Unit designated Booth Babe 1 ready for duty.”

He followed Maggie back through the curtain into the booth proper where he was surprised to see at least a dozen people examining the displays and interacting with the Robot on the cybernetic throne. Paula was explaining some fine points about the printing process to several eager young people when Phil stepped through the curtain. Instantly he was the center of attention and they swarmed around him, poking prodding and looking at the robot suit as closely as possible.

Paula shooed the most ardent of his fans away and commented, “Now you’ve got fingerprints all over him!”

She ducked behind a display and came back with a rag and a spray bottle. “Let me show you how easy it is to restore its shine.”

While Paula was polishing Phil’s suit she also answered questions about its construction, how it had been printed and scaled to fit around the model.

Phil was content to stand still and listen to Paula speak as she polished him.

When she finished she ordered Phil, “Unit 1 return to your primary duties.”

Phil used his flat monotone voice combined with the robotic voice changer to declare, “This unit will comply with previous orders.”

Then trying his hardest to imitate a robot's movements he strode out of the booth and turned to the right as he exited the booth this time. “Needs sound effects” he thought to himself. Another idea to slip to Paula for future models. Some sort of motion sensors in the joints and hidden speakers scattered around to make gear and pneumatic types of sounds as he walked ala the famous robot cop movie.

Phil’s morning consisted of walking around having photos taken with a wide variety of costumed attendees and returning to the booth for breaks. At lunch time they closed the booth for an hour and pried him out of the entire costume. He threw on shorts and tshirt and hit the restroom. Then the three of them had convention hotdogs and cold sodas while chit chatting about their day so far. 45 minutes later Maggie’s phone alarm went off.

“Time’s up booth babe, back in the suit,” Maggie remarked as she turned the alarm off.

Phil stood up. “Let me use the bathroom one last time.”

“Hurry,” Paula said, “Suiting up takes time and I want to reopen when we said we would.”

Phil rushed off to the nearest restroom out the back of the booth. He did hurry, not that he was eager to get sealed into the suit again, but because he knew Paula was counting on him to make this new idea for commercial applications of the company’s printing process a success. After all the fun they’d had, and all the effort she had spent designing such amazing bondage devices to put him in, she deserved all the success he could help her earn.

Phil returned in less than three minutes. Maggie laughed. “Did you have time to wash your hands?”

Phil blew her a raspberry and told her, “Yes I managed to go pee and wash my hands.”

“Good” Maggie tossed the silver catsuit Phil was wearing under the robot costume to him. “Get this on and hurry, we’ve only got ten minutes to prep our Robot Booth Babe.”

Phil hurriedly stripped and slipped the soft silky catsuit up his legs, over his hands, inserting his hands into the sleeves and pulling the hood over his head, Only his face was uncovered when he finished.

“Zip me up?” He turned his back to the women, hoping one of them would assist him. He felt the lower zipper tugged up to his neck and then the upper zipper pulled down to meet it.

Soon he was sitting in a chair as the women fitted the plastic robot boots onto his feet and using the power tool screwed the two pieces together. Phil stood up and they each worked their way up a leg and then assisted each other with the hip and butt pieces. Then they did his hands, forearms, and shoulders. Then the skull piece and face plate. The last two pieces were the back and chest. Phil realized as they were assembling the costume around him, that the only piece that could be removed without removing the chest and back, was the face plate. With a variety of attachment points and overlapping edges, each piece locked the previous pieces in place. Paula had used this same design philosophy for sealing him into the Statue of David display.

Paula did a last minute visual check and wiped down the pieces to remove their fingerprints. “Good to go?” she asked Phil.

“This unit is performing to requirements,” Phil said in his robot voice.

Maggie patted him on the shoulder. “You know maybe you’d make a good sex robot.”

Paula chuckled, “I doubt it.”

“No, let's think about that for a minute,” Maggie said as she glanced at her watch. “We run an audio loop through some earbuds in Phil’s ears next time, You are a robot, you obey your owners every command, you are a sex robot, you are owned by Maggie and Paula. You are always ready to service their needs, you are a sex robot.”

Paula looked thoughtful. “Run that on repeat a few hundred times?”

“Maybe add some hippy music underneath the words,” Maggie added to the idea. “Bet we’d wind up with a pretty obedient sex robot after 12 hours or so of programming.”

Phil turned away from Maggie and stepped through the curtain. He wasn’t sure how he felt about this newest idea of Maggie’s. Part of the fun for him of bondage was struggling against it. If he was an obedient robot, that changed the dynamic between all of them. Besides he wasn't sure just repeating the same phrase over and over would really hypnotize him anyway.

But those were thoughts for Phil, right now Booth Babe -1 needed to patrol the aisles of ComiCon!

The women followed Phil out of the back area and took down the “closed for Lunch” sign and soon enough they had visitors again.

Phil made it a game with himself to find new paths through the various booths and lanes of the convention center and the various vendors. He tried not to repeat his path and yet still loop back to the Plastics booth every 45-60 minutes to cool off for 10 minutes or so. Every time he left the booth people wanted pictures. Some just to pose next to him, some wanting action shots. Phil tried his best to grant everyone's wishes. But while it was great fun to be so popular, the costume itself was rather heavy and not well ventilated so he was very happy to hear an announcement “15 minutes till closing time!”

Phil immediately started back to the booth, eager to get free of his costume and changed into something more comfortable for the night.

### Closing time.

Phil still got stopped by several attendees still looking for photos and he obliged them each time. But eventually another announcement was made: “Five minutes till closing, all attendees make their way to the nearest exit.” At that point Phil headed directly to the plastics booth and did not stop for anyone. He made it to the booth just in time for another announcement. “Vendors will have 30 minutes to close up for the day. Doors will be locked overnight.”

“Luckily we don’t have sales to ring up or anything like that,” Paula said as Phil arrived. “Just gotta undress you.”

Phil stepped in the back area and Maggie and Paula were soon undoing all the little screws keeping his costume on. There was only one power tool, so that was a bit of a bottleneck, but they made quick work of it.

Maggie remarked, “Tomorrow, let’s have two of these tools.”

Phil groaned slightly.

“Rough day Phil?” Maggie asked as she was working on armor parts on his right arm.

“ I don’t mind being a booth babe at all. Taking pictures with fans is fun,” Phil commented.

Paula prompted, “But….?”

Phil sighed but then admitted, “It’s the walking. It takes some effort and I’ve been on my feet all day.”

“Don’t worry Phil” Maggie reassured him, “There won’t be as much walking tomorrow. I promise.”

Phil was too tired to care about the secretive look and smiles Maggie and Paula exchanged after Maggie’s announcement. His body was sore,and he knew he had to come back and do it again tomorrow.

“I think I’m just going to go home ladies,” Phil announced, “Get a hot shower, pour me something alcoholic, and go to bed early.”

“Not in the mood tonight Phil?” Maggie asked playfully.

“Sorry, no,” Phil pulled on his shorts and tshirt. “Today was fun, but not very sexy. Honestly, I’m just exhausted.”

“We will make sure your next adventure is much more sexy,” Maggie waved goodbye and told him as she helped Paula close up the booth.

“See you at the same time tomorrow Phil,” Paula also waved goodbye to Phil.

“Doors open at 9am for vendors and staff. Got it, see you then,” Phil waved goodbye and trudged out of the booth headed for the exit.

Paula squealed happily once Phil was out of sight. “He’s going to be so happy tomorrow!”

Maggie also made happy noises. “He’s going to love / hate every minute of it.”

“The psych boys and the programmers assure me they have his buttons all mapped out.”

Maggie nodded agreement. “I’m sure they can make Phil dance like a puppet on a string. For certain values of dance.”

“Do you think he suspects anything?”

“I think having him act as the robot model this first day has misdirected him from our evil plans for the rest of the Convention.”

“I think everything is packed up that should be packed up, let’s get out of here.” Paula zipped the side panels to the booth down to the floor and padlocked the main zipper closed.

“What about our armored mannequin on the throne?”

“The throne weighs about 300 pounds and he’s hard mounted to it,” Paula explained, “Someone would need to break in and have a powered pallet jack to steal him. I’m not worried.”

“Grab a bite to eat on the way home?” Maggie asked.

“Love to,” Paula said as they strolled down the aisle to the exit along with several other vendors going home for the night.

They exited the convention center and headed to the parking garage, the shipping department had dropped off the booth and contents and helped assemble everything onsite. But Paula had driven her and Maggie to the Convention and used their vendor parking pass to park relatively close by. They climbed into Paula’s sensible hatchback and drove off into the night.

#### Sunday morning, second day of the Convention.

Maggie and Paula again carpooled to the Convention Center to take advantage of Paula’s parking pass. They arrived at five minutes till nine in the morning, both of them sipping on takeaway coffees from a nearby drive thru. They soon spotted Phil waiting in line to enter and joined him.

“Coffee?” he asked.

“Yes,” Maggie offered him her cup, “Want some?”

“No I better not,” Phil demurred, “I’ll be stuck in that costume all day and no potty break till lunch time.”

Paula waggled her eyebrows at Maggie and then hid her grin behind taking a sip of coffee before Phil noticed.

The doors opened promptly at 9am and Phil had arrived early enough to get a spot near the front. They showed the security card their laminated vendor passes and were inside within minutes. They didn’t run but they did walk at a fast pace to the booth in the far back corner of the giant hall. The women were eager to get started setting things up. They all made good time and were at the booth at five past the hour.

Phil was surprised to see the whole booth zipped closed with side panels.

“I didn’t know you could close it all the way off like that.” He remarked.

Paula fitted a key to a padlock on the zipper at the front and unzipped it enough for everyone to get inside, then she zipped it closed again.

“If you can close the whole thing off, why did we need a changing room?” Phil looked around and it was dim inside, the light defused by the pvc materials of the booth.

“Yesterday we needed you to be able to change midday in privacy for your lunch break,” Maggie told him.

“That makes sense,” Phil looked around, “But why all the privacy this morning?”

“Mostly because we can’t easily move the throne to the back area and then put it back out here,” Paula told him as she walked over to the mannequin on the throne.

“Why would you need to move him?” Phil asked, surprised again by her answer.

Paula was busy at the display doing something Phil couldn’t see from the distance and the dim lights. Maggie meanwhile was steering him into the back area.

“You just get naked and pile your clothes in back, then come back out here for us,” Maggie told him.

Phil shrugged and went back to strip and pile his clothing and personal items on a small table in back. He returned to the main area to find both women posed on either side of the cybernetic throne display. Phil headed towards them to ask what next, but as he got closer the display looked different. He wasn’t sure why, until he got much closer.

“That display was hollow?” he asked, slightly surprised.

“Not only hollow but fully loaded with accessories,” Paula proudly announced. Phil got close enough to see it clearly and he realized the back half of the robot figure was still sitting on the throne. The women had somehow removed the front half in pieces and he could see the parts stacked off to the side.

Maggie told him, “See no more walking today!”

“I see,” Phil said as he examined the half of the robot still seated. “I also see lots of silver dots and other things in the half that’s here.”

“You know my deal with management Phil,” Paula told him, “I can do whatever I want as long as we collect the data.”

“So those are all sensors?” Phil examined it closely and they were much more densely scattered around the inside than his previous experience in the sarcophagus.

“As you might have noticed Phil,” Paula explained, “There are five times as many sensors as last time.”

“Sorry to hurry you along Phil.” Maggie glanced at her phone for the time, “But we need to get you in this suit in the next 30 minutes to open on time.”

“Will you be able to talk to me inside it?” Phil asked.

“Earbuds in the helmet and a builtin heads up display for visuals,” Paula was holding up the front piece of the helmet. “State of the art.”

“Okay let’s get me suited up,” Phil said, “But once you’ve got me all buttoned up, you need to explain the plan to me, agreed?”

“Of course Phil,” Maggie assured him, “And as promised this will be a much sexier experience than trudging around the Convention in that robot costume.”

“How sexy?” Phil smiled.

Paula answered, “Sexy enough you need to apply this before you sit down.” She handed him some personal lubricant.

Phil squirted some in his hand and then reached out to the butt piece on the throne to find a butt plug built in.”Oh, that kind of sexy.” He remarked and proceeded to lube it and then apply some more to himself.

“Hurry Phil,” Maggie encouraged him.

Phil hovered over the seat and slowly descended using his thigh muscles mostly. “This is not exactly the most comfortable thing to do, you know!”

Phil got it in the right spot and let it enter slowly, when it was almost all the way in his leg muscles suddenly gave out and the last half inch plunged into him. He took a giant inbreath of air and slowly released it in a hiss.

“Okay, it’s in,” Phil announced, “Let’s hope I can get it out again.”

Phil made sure his body was fully seated into the back pieces of the seated robot costume. He watched as the ladies picked up plastic pieces and fitted them into place. His feet were first, then his hands were locked in place permanently gripping the arms of the throne. By now the familiar sequence played itself out. Feet, shins, knees and thighs. Hands , forearms, upper arms, shoulders.

By now Phil, being a fan of bondage and especially extreme bondage at the hands of Maggie and Paula, was fully erect. Paula and Maggie worked together to make sure his shaft was properly placed inside a tube built into the oversized hip and lower belly piece as they snapped it into position. Then they shifted to the faceplate and neck piece.

“Open wide Phil,” Maggie cautioned him as she pushed the face plate into position.

Phil opened his mouth and it was soon filled with a familiar shape, it was the same bite gag they had used in the sarcophagus. Phil wondered how they would hook it up to a water supply or if it was just a gag this time. Once the face plate with the neck piece was attached, the girls quickly applied the chest piece and Phil was now covered head to toe in the seated robot cyborg costume.

He was currently blind but suddenly the eyepieces lighted up and he could see as if watching tiny monitors directly over his eyes. Just as suddenly the earbuds came alive. He could see Paula standing directly in front of him and looking at her phone.

“There’s a camera built into the faceplate near where your eyes are under the mask,” Paula explained, “Unless I override your visual feed, that’s the default view.”

Paula nodded her head satisfied with something. “I’ll explain more once we seal the suit closed.”

Phil heard her voice in his ears as if she was speaking to him, not the phone's microphone. He wondered if in addition to cameras for eyes, they had mounted microphones near where his ears normally were. There had certainly been some upgrades since his last experience at the Museum in the sarcophagus of his time in the Statue of David.

Maggie and Paula applied the sealant along all the seams that welded the plastic pieces together, and they followed up with the UV light that turned the solvent into an inert bonding agent.

“Okay that’s the display put together,” Paula was satisfied with the results. “Now let’s get the booth ready for guests,” she told Maggie.

He watched with interest as his two friends opened up the booth for business. Unzipping the side panels and putting out the display pieces. He couldn’t confirm it, but some of the pieces looked like his armored suit from yesterday. Eventually they stopped moving in and out of his eyesight and the booth was as ready as it was going to get.

Paula and Maggie pulled up folding chairs and put them near Phil, but facing each other like they were going to have a meeting.

“So you should be able to hear us Phil,” Maggie started. “You should really appreciate all the engineering that went into the suit you are wearing today.”

“Suit?” Paula questioned, “More like Statue Part 2. But the company really went all out on its design. We had consultants, outside vendors, and a host of analysts designing it.

Maggie made a magnanimous gesture as if giving Paula the point in the match.

“Suit, costume, statue, or display piece. Maggie continued, “The main thing is you are inside it.”

“True,” Paula agreed proudly, “Trapped inside the most sophisticated bondage device on the planet.”

“Do you know what makes it so sophisticated Phil?” Maggie asked with a grin.

Paula leaned back listening as Maggie counted off the ways. “First, it has everything you remember from the golden sarcophagus. Auto Enema and butt plug combo. Cock milker and liquid waste disposal. Five times the TENS units scattered around the inside of the shell and of course five times the sensors. To measure every breath you take, every thought you think, every noise you make,” Maggie regaled her captive audience.

Maggie continued, “As usual there is no way to get out of the plastic shell without our help. There were four different plastics used in its construction. It was printed in layers to achieve micro channels between layers and of course to power all those sensors and report back to a new and improved brain mounted in the base of your throne.“

“Those micro channels act as internal tubes and allow us to pump liquids to your bite gag among other items,” Maggie listed off more features. “Redirect air flow to areas of the body. So that hot air or cold air can be used to torment you. Using cell phone technology every TENS unit and sensor pair also has a micro vibrator associated with it. We can simulate someone brushing a hand over your skin or shock and vibrate your nipples. All at once or separately.”

Paula glanced at her cell phone. “Almost time to open.”

Just then the public announcement system made its 5 minutes till opening announcement.

Maggie said, “Anything I missed Paula?”

“Vibration, electricity, sensors, hot & cold air, of course we can shut off your audio or video or redirect them to a different channel whenever we want,” Paula summarized. “Enemas on demand, orgasms at the push of a button.”

Maggie nodded along, “Oh and speaking of buttons. Remember how I told you the throne could be triggered by visitors to the tent?”

“Oh that is the best part.” Paual clapped her hands. “Tell him!”

“So instead of lighting up the throne, or making the mannequin say catch phrases.” Maggie stared at where she knew Phil’s eyes were, “Now it does all that, but those triggers also activate some of your devices!”

“You are going to be an interactive display Phil, but only Paula, Myself, and the lab rats back at the Fantastic Plastics company will know what is happening to you in there.“ Maggie purred, her voice husky with desire. One of Maggie’s primary kinky triggers was telling Phil how stuck he truly was.

“Depending on totally random factors decided by visitors to this booth” Maggie’s voice dripped into Phil’s mind with each syllable. “You might get a dozen orgasms, or none. Random chance at its best.”

Paula stood up and moved her chair back behind a table. “Only minutes to go Phil. Enjoy!”

Maggie leaned in to whisper in his ear so Paula couldn't hear her. “I know you are loving this you bondage slut. I expect you are already on the verge of your first orgasm, just from us explaining how totally screwed you are in there.”

Phil would have objected, but he couldn’t. Not only because he was gagged, but because she was right.

#### **The booth does booming business.**

Paula had her laptop that would monitor Phil up and running in the back area of the booth out of sight of visitors. Before the booth officially opened for the day, she ran a full systems check of all the sensors and various other systems. Everything was in the green and she had alerts set to ring her phone if anything verged into the yellow warning zones she had programmed into the monitoring systems.

There was one more new item, a game console mounted inside a kiosk which Paula then rolled out and placed directly in front of the throne where Phil could see it. She confirmed the power was plugged in and turned the game console on. She made sure it was synched to the brain in the box under Phil’s throne. This was similar to the “Wrap a Mummy” game she had developed for his time in the sarcophagus while being displayed. But this game console had been developed by the psych boys that Fantastic Plastics had hired to analyze the data provided by Phil’s extended stay in the last version of the sarcophagus.

It had a game format but was much more involved then the simple, “wrap the mummy” game Paula had put together. It featured the “Cyborg Man” on screen walking and jumping through a 2-D side scrolling map, the character would collect various items that randomly populated the map. After 3-5 maps there would be a boss fight. It was clearly based on the old Plumber vs. Mushrooms game. But with new skins and unknown to the players, new rewards for collecting items and defeating the bosses.

Paula smiled and waved to Phil inside the Cyborg costume mounted on the throne and spoke to him, “You are going to love this.”

With the last piece setup, Paula and Maggie just waited for people to arrive. WIthin minutes people were entering their booth to ask questions and look at the various displays.

“Can we take pictures with your prop?” A young lady dressed as a famous Spider based character asked.

Paula glanced over to see a small group clustered around the cyborg throne. “Sure, it’s very strongly built.”

The costumed young lady promptly climbed into the cyborg's lap and lounged across his arms while her friend took a picture. After she took her picture, another person took her place on the cyborg’s lap and throne for more pictures.

While that was happening a teenage boy in a superhero costume asked, “Is this game free to play?”

Maggie smiled and waved at him, “Absolutely free to play!”

“Cool” he responded and pressed the start button and grabbed the control stick. When he pressed the start button on the game, the back piece of the cyborg throne lit up with a fanfare of music and blinking chasing lights.

The young man looked around in surprise. Maggie reassured him, “The game interacts with the throne, while you are playing. Keep going.”

The player had been so startled though, his character died on screen. The cyborg's eyes lit up and a canned voice said, “You'll never win like that, try again!”

The young man hit the start button again, the throne lit up and the musical fanfare played again. This time he paid attention to the screen and moved the character around the screen collecting items and avoiding enemies.

#### Inside the game.

Phil sealed inside the costume, attached to the throne, watched as Paula had wheeled out the video game kiosk and of course heard her comment about, “You’ll love this.”

Soon after that people were climbing on his plastic lap to take pictures. With his nostrils and all the micro channels allowing him to breath, he could smell the costumed young ladies perfume quite strongly as she lounged across his lap. She was replaced by another soon after so Phil was distracted and didn’t notice the young man at the video game kiosk until suddenly he heard music playing and lights flickering just out of sight behind him, but bright enough to notice. While the throne was flashing and the music played, he felt all the micro vibrator units give him a mild buzz over his entire body. It was a pleasant sensation but unexpected and he startled, which just confirmed he wasn’t able to move a muscle currently.

Soon after a speaker somewhere near his mouth spoke in a pre-recorded fashion, “You’ll never win like that, try again!” This time the throne activated all the TENS units surrounding his cock and balls, giving him an unpleasant jolt. “Ouch” he complained mentally. Obviously the designers of the game and throne had decided to punish Phil for whatever the players did. Phil wondered, “Will I also be rewarded if the players do well?”

He focused past the people climbing in and out of his lap for pictures and tried to see the game kiosk screen, of course the player was standing directly in front and his head and shoulders blocked most of Phil’s viewpoint. Unexpectedly the monitors over his eyes shifted to the game screen. Apparently Paula had shifted his viewpoint to the game play and he could now watch the players progress unimpeded.

It appeared to be a simple variation of the old side scrolling home video games. Instead of a plumber, there was a cyborg character that looked like the costume Phil had worn yesterday and was trapped inside of today. Instead of turtles and mushrooms, there were insect-like aliens and mutated human warriors. Instead of collecting coins and flowers, the player was scooping up power packs. The young man playing the game was a decent player and even though he didn’t know the game level, he managed to avoid the enemies and collect power packs until reaching a “portal” at the end of the level that jumped him to the next challenge.

When the player jumped to the next level there was a splash screen that appeared, it listed all the power packs collected, all the enemies killed and the total points earned. The player had also managed to earn a spare life and Phil noticed the cock milker activating at a very low level. Just the barest hint of vibration and pulse, but it was something. Phil had his answer: the player's rewards did translate to Phil being rewarded. Phil stared raptly at the game being played in front of his eyes, the young man powered through the next level without losing a life, but not collecting nearly as many of the bonus items. In addition to the powerpacks from the first level there were now something called “sensor arrays”.

As the splash screen appeared Phil thought he felt the cock milker increase slightly, or it might have been wishful thinking, He had no idea after watching 2 levels of the game what triggered what. Sighing internally he silently encouraged the player to do his best and watched with bated breath to see what happened next. A tricky double monster attack in the middle of the third level killed off one of the player's lifes.

Moments later Phil heard his suit say, “Better luck next life!” followed by a deep laugh. While it was laughing Phil was being shocked in the crotch and the cock milker stopped working. “Damn” that stung, Phil thought and whimpered just a little around the gag. WIth the pre-recorded laughing soundtrack he doubted it could be heard outside his own head.

The young man was booted back to the beginning of the third level and he replayed it, this time successfully making it past the monster trap and reaching the portal at the end. Phil watched as the familiar splash screen appeared listing the players accomplishments for this level. He had not earned a new life, but as it was a second run through of the same level he had collected a lot of loot and his score reflected it. Phil sighed this time in pleasant relief as the cock milker started working again, but sadly at the first level again. Still much better than being zapped, he thought.

This time instead of a new side scrolling level the cyborg character was on the bottom edge of the screen and a large robotic figure was at the top. The player fired his guns and the robot monster roared and acted stung. Phil watching the exchange immediately felt a stinging sensation where the monster had been shot by the player. The player fired again and this time the monster blocked with a force shield of some kind, then it was the monster's turn to shoot back. A wave of fire washed down the screen and the player skilfully maneuvered his character in between the firepower to avoid being hit. The monster’s shield was lowered while he was shooting and the player took advantage to fire back in between barrages. Phil felt every shot that hit the monster in the matching body part. So far it had been just his arms and legs and just minor stings. But it was still early in the battle. Something tumbled towards the player, a rocket pack? The player grabbed it and now he had twin gun barrels pointed at the robot enemy. The monster went into shield then attack mode again, the player dodged and then was able to return fire again.

This time the TENS units reacting to the hits on the Robot character stung. Phil could feel it and his muscles twitching to the jolts helplessly. The player had a more powerful weapon and the jolts to Phil’s body were much stronger. There was just a seconds delay between hits on the screen and Phil’s body being zapped in the same place. Just about the moment he’d think kneecap, his kneecap would be zapped. That’s how he knew he was in trouble when the robot's left leg was blasted off by the player. At first it started flashing orange, no doubt a warning it was about to be damaged beyond repair. The player shot it several more times and the blinking rate increased on the screen. Simultaneously the TENS units were zapping in the same rhythm as the flashing screen. As the zapping rate increased to match the now flashing red leg, Phil was suffering along with the onscreen Robot character and was relieved the zapping stopped.

Of course it stopped because the leg was now missing. The leg that had been blocking some of the shots from striking the right arm and the right side of the onscreen robot. The player had his rhythm now, he knew the robots attack pattern. Don’t waste shots on the shield, dodge the return fire, and you had an almost clear shot for a few seconds after. Sensing the right side weakness the player poured his double gun attack into the robot. Within a few cycles of attack and defense the right arm was now pulsing orange and Phil bit down on the gag in his mouth until the left arm disappeared and the pulsing zapping stopped.

But now the entire right side of the robot was undefended after the shield was lowered, and after the robot fired on the player. Phil could feel every shot hitting his right hip, his right rib cage and everything in between. Soon the entire torso was pulsing orange with damage, which meant Phil’s entire torso was being zapped to the same pulsing pattern. From his crotch to his neck was just zap, zap, zap. I thought I’d get rewarded for the player doing well he thought in between the painful pulses. Just then the robot on screen exploded and the cyborg on the throne said in his canned voice, “Congratulations Warrior!” and the throne itself put on a small light show that lit up the tent. During the thrones light show Phil distinctly felt the cock milker coming back to life. If the other settings had been 1 or 2, this was definitely a 3 or 4. Phil smiled and enjoyed the sensations.

Now if only the kid playing the game was good enough to complete a few more levels Phil might achieve something. Phil watched in fascinated horror as the next level started and the player just ran right into a monster on screen. Not only did the unexpected death trigger his throne to belittle the player with canned laughter, but Phil had a full cock zapping and the cock milker turned off completely.

Phil’s viewpoint switched from a game screen view back to the camera on his helmet viewpoint. He watched as an older woman dragged the young player away and he heard her say “We come all the way to ComiCon and I find you playing video games?”

Although he was disappointed and his muscles sore from constant zapping, Phil couldn’t help but chuckle at the scene playing out before him. The eternal battle between teenagers playing video games and parents dragging them away. He used the bite gag to drink some water and tried to relax. There would no doubt be other players as the day passed.

The word must have gotten out that the booth had a free video game, because the next several hours saw a steady stream of players visit the tent and play the game. Their ages varied from 10 year olds to obvious older teens, male, female, in costume or just regular clothes. Sometimes he saw the player walk up, other times one player death led to a new player so quickly his viewpoint never switched back to the helmet cam.

One player was so skillful Phil actually managed to get a reward and he came after the player completed six boss battles. Phil discovered many things about the game, there were anywhere from 3 to 6 maps in between boss battles. The Boss battles varied in difficulty but they were always fought against a creature with two legs, two arms, and a torso. Phil was not always zapped in these battles; some of the boss battles activated the vibrators scattered around his body.

Some of the maps had effects too. There was a lava level and hot air was piped into the shell Phil was inside of. There was a “yeti” level and air conditioned air was piped over Phil’s body. The things players collected sometimes activated a bar showing how many they needed to get a reward, like a new gun or additional grenades or a rocket pack. As those rewards were granted often, Phil was rewarded also. Although on one level the players were encouraged to collect balloons and the enema nozzle inside Phil expanded along with the balloons being collected. It was so slow at first Phil didn’t even notice it was expanding. But at a certain point it was noticeably larger and Phil worried about how big it would get as the player collected the balloons. If he was feeling it with the collection bar only a third of the way full, what would a full bar do to him?

Luckily from Phil’s point of view, it was a very slow increase and that player only managed to fill the bar up about two thirds of the way. Also luckily from Phil’s viewpoint in most cases, everything reset to zero or off when a new game started.

The morning passed in a blur of players, the first few levels and bosses being played repeatedly. Phil rooting better players on to victory and hopefully to him achieving an orgasm. But in many cases mostly getting zapped and reset again and again.

It was both similar to the experience he had with the “Wrap the mummy” game while on display at the Plastic’s Factory and yet different. The Game obviously being much more complicated and the various triggers to the devices inside his current plastic prison being much more varied in nature.

But then Maggie and Paula closed the booth for lunch and again put their chairs facing each other but on both sides of Phil’s plastic throne, it was a subtle way of including him in their conversation without being obvious about it.

Paula started talking as if to Maggie “I checked the indicators on the game play at the kiosk.”

Maggie asked “Any interesting data?”

“Yes,” Paula replied “Several times new high scores were set and the throne’s special features were activated.”

Maggie winked at Paula “How many reward quests were fully completed?”

“Judging by the feedback built into the game, two quests were fully completed,” Paula answered.

“I’m sure the lab rats will love the new data,” Maggie smiled as she answered around eating her lunch.

Paula nodded as she too ate some food and drank some soda. The two of them were silent for a few minutes as they ate and drank. Phil inside the statue on the throne watched them consume food with more than a little jealousy. At least he could see and hear them and he was getting a break from the almost constant stream of video game players.

Paula was soon mostly done with her lunch and asked Maggie “Hold down the fort while I use the restroom?”

Maggie waved her off “Of course, take your time.”

As soon as Paula was out of the tent Maggie stood up and stretched, then sauntered over to the Cyborg on a throne. She playfully sat in his lap and lounged across the arms of the throne, legs in the air and her arms around his neck.

“Getting an eyeful Phil?” Maggie asked. “Lot’s of pretty young ladies in skimpy costumes sitting in your lap all day?”

Phil thought about her question. Honestly his helmet camera had only been on a few times for more than a minute at a time, the moment the game started up, the view switched to the console. There had been the very first young lady to sit on his lap on the throne for pictures. But she was all of 16 or 17 years old, much too young for Phil to consider in a sexual manner. Mentally he shrugged, it’s not like he could tell Maggie he had not really seen anything worth getting excited about.

He had been much more excited for the first player who reached the mechanical scorpions game map after defeating the level three boss. Three boss victories and the cock milker had been going at a good pace, if the player defeated the scorpions Phil was sure he’d have an orgasm. Plus that player had accumulated two extra lives, so they weren’t likely to die instantly. Phil silently enjoyed the memory of the first orgasm he’d had that morning. The player had indeed gone all the way to the level five boss, between the milker and the random zapping from the boss battle fight Phil had indeed achieved a brief moment of happiness. Sadly that player died fighting the boss and Phil got a full cock zapping right after the orgasm.

Phil concentrated outward as Maggie said something else “Enjoying your stay in there Phil? Is it more comfy than walking around in a robot costume all day? I wonder how many times you’ll manage an orgasm after lunch before the show closes for the night?”

Maggie giggled, “I know, I’ll bet Paula how many times you’ll cum total for the day. Would you like that Phil?”

Maggie stood back up and sat in her chair again finishing her own lunch and soda before Paula returned. When she did Maggie wandered off to the bathrooms and left Paula alone with Phil.

Paula moved her chair closer to the throne “Hi Phil, hope you are enjoying your time inside.”

Phil had to admit he was, even if he couldn’t tell Paula that.

“I have a secret to tell you,” Paula whispered loudly “The lab rats gave me the ability to adjust your pleasure pain ratio in regards to the game triggers. I set it for 50/50 this morning.”

She sipped some soda then continued “I wasn’t sure how many orgasms that would trigger for you. But two is hardly anything, so on my way back here I slid the scale from 50/50 to 75 pleasure, 25 pain. So you’ll have a much more enjoyable afternoon.”

#### The pleasure scale.

Phil smiled inwardly, Paula was very kind to him. That should make his afternoon much more pleasant indeed. Paula ate the rest of her food quietly and eventually Maggie returned and sat down.

“So I was talking to Phil,” Maggie started the conversation, “And we decided you and I should have a little bet.”

“A bet? What kind of bet?”

“A bet on how many times Phil will cum today.”

“Phil made this bet?” Paula asked skeptically “How did he manage to talk to you about that?”

“Telepathy,” Maggie exclaimed, “I’ve been Phil’s dom for so long I can read his mind.”

Paula chuckled. “I suppose that’s true enough, so what did Phil bet me?”

Phil followed this exchange with some worry, Maggie could read his mind at times but it was always to push his limits in some way or push his kinky buttons.

“Phil will bet you one day per orgasm.” Maggie told Paula with a wink Phil couldn’t see.

Paula “Explain, please?”

Maggie sat back and explained “For every orgasm Phil has today, he’ll spend another day inside the display.”

“I agree, all the more data for the psych boys back at the lab. A day per orgasm,” Paula reached over and shook Maggie’s hand.

Maggie looked back to Phil “Agreed Phil? Just sit quietly if you agree.”

Phil “mphed” around the gag. Maggie didn’t know Paula could increase the pleasure / pain ratio of the suit and had already moved it in favor of more pleasure. But of course they didn’t hear him.

Both women had a chuckle at Phil’s “agreement” with the bet.

Maggie glanced at her phone for the time. “Reopen a little early?”

Paula was throwing their trash away and putting the folding chairs back where they belonged. “Sure, give me just a minute here.” Paula straightened up some displays, gave the booth a last visual check and flipped the sign back to “open” outside the entrance. “Come right in.” Paula waved a few people who had been waiting outside into the booth. “We are open for business again.”

It was a mixed group of teenagers in various costumes, they pretended interest in the displays but quickly went to the Cyborg on a Throne display and the attached game kiosk. The three of them crowded around the kiosk and started playing. The youngest of the three played first and soon died without even making it to the first boss.

Phil wasn’t sure but the player's death penalty of shocking his crotch seemed less painful this time. He heard the canned voice mock the player for losing. But the view didn’t switch to the helmet cam because apparently another player immediately started a new game. This was a better player and soon they were zooming through the first three levels, Phil noticed there was less zapping and more vibration triggers ever since Paula moved the pleasure pain ratio of the game effects. The final boss battle confirmed this with shocks being half strength and pleasure rewards being stronger. When the boss was defeated the cock milker wasn’t turned on at level 1 it was at least level 3 and Phil enjoyed the stronger rewards. The player was still playing and Phil was enjoying the rewards of good game play on screen. Sadly the player died fighting the second boss and while it wasn’t as strong a shock, it still wasn’t pleasant for Phil to have the cock milker switched off and his cock and balls zapped. Mentally he sighed and wondered if the third person he had seen approach the kiosk was going to start a new game.

They did, so his view remained inside the game play. Phil was beginning to identify as the video game character, the hits to its body he felt, its victories were his rewards. It was like his consciousness had somehow been transferred into the game.

This new game started out and Phil could tell he or she was a skilled player. They were avoiding monsters, collecting rewards and upgrading equipment like they’d played this game a 1000 times. The first three levels and the boss were quickly defeated and Phil’s body still inside the throne was rewarded. Meanwhile his brain floated through the game world as a passenger of the digital character. There were 4 mini maps before the next boss and the player had a little trouble but still sailed through without loss of life. The player defeated the second boss and Phil discovered the new pleasure game settings were very generous, the cock milker doubled its speed, vibration, and suction levels. Phil was on the verge of his first orgasm of the afternoon.

“Oh no!” Phil thought as the level started “The scorpions!”

The character on screen ducked and dodged but eventually was stung. From previous experience Phil knew the character could take three stings before dying. The first one hurt, the second one made the character glow green with “poison”, and the third sting was instant death. WIth the previous pain settings that first sting actually made the TENS units zap Phil and then radiate out as a stinging pulse from the point of the stinger attack. The second sting made the TENS units pulse in time with the glowing green effect on screen in waves of electric stings. The third sting of death of course triggered the crotch stinging and canceled the cock milker.

With the new pleasure settings, that first sting did zap Phil and pulse outward in rings of decreasing power. It disappeared much more quickly and was a minor annoyance within a few inches away from the initial sting. The cock milker was still running at its new and improved level and Phil was still moments away from a lovely orgasm to start his afternoon.

The player managed to duck and dodge their way past the rest of the scorpions and move to the next mini map on the way to the level three boss. Phil had only seen this level 4 times all morning. It was the lava level and Phil got ready for hot air to be piped around his body and make him sweat. With the new pleasure settings, it wasn’t so much a sauna effect as it was just mildly warm air. The player made short work of the lava monsters and moved to the “yeti” level as Phil called it. Instead of freezing air this time it slowly switched from warm to cooler air, although it was decidedly colder in the channels that covered his nipples. He could feel them getting hard from the cold air. So not only could the throne pump various temperature air around his body, it could pump different temperatures to different parts. It truly was a marvel of engineering.

“Scorpions, Lava, Yeti” Phil thought to himself and watched the game play flicker across his eyes. “What was next?” Very few players had reached these higher levels. The next map appeared, it was the animated trees, their branches trying to whip the players body and knock them off wooden bridges into the rocks below. This player soon learned you could block the branch's attack using a defensive stance, it kept you from being knocked off the path. But inside the throne Phil felt those branches whipping across his real body, a combination of vibrators, TENS units and pumped air simulated the effect.

Eventually rather slowly, Phil thought as he was “whipped” repeatedly, the player managed to cross the animated tree map safely. The third level boss appeared, one arm on fire throwing lava balls, one arm encased in ice throwing snowballs, both legs roots from an animated tree, and the torso, head, and stinger tail from the scorpion level. It truly was an ugly mess and very deadly to the player.

Phil watched with concern as the character representing himself was hit by a snowball and encased in ice for a few seconds. Phil’s shell pumped freezing cold air to 90 percent of his skin, and even locked inside the plastic Phil managed to shiver a little. “Even with the higher pleasure settings I can still get hit by some nasty effects,” Phil thought to himself and rooted the player to victory.

Luckily a first aid kit loot dropped across the screen and the player grabbed it, restoring the character to full strength. The player of course was shooting back at the monster and Phil felt every impact as a very minor shock and vibration combo. The player continued to fire, now starting to hit the torso. Phil felt these attacks from his crotch to his neck and everywhere in between. The mild shocks and the vibrations were pleasant, especially across his nipples and other sensitive targets. Combined with the cock milker still working away on his shaft, he could feel an orgasm bubbling up. All he needed was some sort of trigger.

Just then the monster's scorpion tail lashed out at his character and bypassed the players dodging. A massive electric shock hit Phil in his belly button of all places and the simulated pain radiated outward and zapped his body in spreading concentric circles. Of course this means his cock was zapped by the attack and soon followed by his nipples. Phil’s orgasm had its triggering event and the cock milker eagerly sucked down the cum he produced and pumped it to a storage tank in the base of the throne.

Phil lost track of the game for a few moments as the cock milker reset to zero. But the player was still playing, having defeated the third boss while Phil was unaware of his surroundings. Having just had an orgasm Phil was less invested in this player’s progress, but still watched the only thing he could currently see.

The next level Phil had only seen twice in the various morning playthroughs of the game. Only two players had made it past the third boss in the morning runs, one making it to the level five boss and the best so far making it to the end of level six but not to the boss battle. Those had been the two times he had orgasmed and he was pleasantly surprised that with the new pleasure settings it only took the level three boss to make him cum. Not every player made it that far, and of course Phil’s responses would dull with repetition, but it boded well for many more happy responses for Phil.

Future Phil would curse Past Phil’s comment that the new settings were a good thing.

After that last player died off there was a gap in the game play and Phil watched the booth and the attendees interacting with Maggie and Paula and the various displays. Phil spotted a Deadpool cosplayer headed to the kiosk and he did activate the game. Phil’s point of view shifted and he was “in the game” again. Judging by his view before the game was activated, this player was in his late teens early twenties and he was a very good player. He practically ran through the first six levels and two boss fights, only slowing down at the scorpion level and not by very much. The cock milker had already been activated and Phil was surprised to find himself responding to it even though his last orgasm had only been ten or so minutes ago. Phil mentally frowned and wondered if the situation was so kinky it was spurring him on to achieving faster responses than his normal recharge rate allowed.

What Phil did not know is that when Paula moved the controls to favor the pleasure side of the equation, it activated some additional subroutines in the cock milker. One of which was the self lubing feature, which Paula did know about. The part she didn’t know about was that the people helping Paula design and assemble the new device had some additional orders from the team that was tasked with maximizing the effectiveness of this device to achieve multiple orgasms. To that end they had a separate small cylinder full of ED lube, this lube was guaranteed to make a man hard in under five minutes no matter what. Based on the pleasure setting Paula had set the program to, the brain in the box had decided to inject some of that lube into the self lubing function of the cock milker. So when the player defeated the first level boss battle, the lube had activated and seeped into Phil’s cock. By the time he reached the second boss level Phil was hard as a rock again and the milker had something to work with. By the time the player defeated the third level boss Phil prayed the cock milker would stop, but it obeyed its programming and increased suction, pulsing and vibrations using data collected from Phil at the previous events.

The brain in the box also obeyed its programming to increase pleasure levels based on in game trigger events. The cock milker tried to obey its programming to make Phil cum. The brain in the box sensed that Phil was not as close to an orgasm as previous attempts indicated he should be by now. The brain in the box confirmed the cock milker was operating at peak efficiency and then consulted its files for other stimuli that had achieved an orgasm for Phil. It found several examples of times Phil had cum after being zapped in key areas. It waited for an in game trigger and then zapped both of Phil’s nipples. The brain in the box noted the results of this new stimulation on Phil’s biometric readings and brain wave patterns. A small but incremental improvement. Again it waited for an appropriate trigger event, but this time it left the TENS units running, mildly zapping Phil’s nipples continuously. Phil gasped and wished desperately he could grab his own nipples and shield them from this attack. He felt like they were on fire and there was nothing he could do to stop it. The cock milker and ED lube continued to relentlessly attempt to make him cum.

The brain in the box monitored Phil’s heart rate, temperature and a dozen other factors. It knew Phil could be made to cum, it just needed to keep adding new stimulation. While still keeping up the mandated triggers from in game play. The brain in the box juggled competing priorities and decided to try additional shocks to sensitive areas. Phil watched the video game being played out in front of his eyes, while his nipples suffered and his cock was played with. The next time the player got hit by a monster Phil felt the very tip of his cock get a low level shock. He felt that old feeling travel though his groin he was going to orgasm.

Phil panted as his body came, but nearly nothing came out of his cock. There had not been time to refill the reservoir so to speak. The shocks to various sensitive body parts stopped and the cock milker reset to zero. Phil watched as the player made it to the level five boss and luckily for Phil’s body, the game character died. There was the expected zapping of his crotch, but after what he just went through he barely noticed it.

“Damn,” Phil thought to himself “Twice in the last 30 minutes or so. Maybe this increased pleasure level is not such a good deal.”

Phil tried to relax, slow his breathing to normal. But within minutes of Deadpool leaving the game kiosk, a gaggle of teen boys arrived to try their skills on the game. Phil felt his view change and watched as they died repeatedly never making it past even the first level boss. The downside was they kept playing, never getting any better really. Phil was shocked with every death, but never got any reward from the cock milker.

Unexpectedly he heard Paula’s voice “You boys have played long enough, let someone else have a turn.”

Phil mentally thanked Paula for the break, but before the viewpoint even changed back to the room view. Phil was back in the game with a new player controlling him.

Luckily whoever that player was, they died without getting too far into the game either. There were a few more players on and off for the next 20, 30 minutes? Phil had no good way to judge time. But all good things must end, a decent player arrived and started playing. They reached higher and higher levels, Phil was helpless to stop the various devices attached to his body or surrounding him from their relentless attacks. He was zapped, vibrated, lubed, pulsed, and this time the plug in his ass was even inflated. Eventually he came again, this time with a little bit of fluid, but just as difficult to force out of him as last time.

 “Three times in an hour or so?” Phil thought to himself, this was torture, sexy torture, but still torture.

Phil was given a small break as people entering the tent for a little while were more interested in the actual products and displays, a few cosplayers wanted pictures sitting on the cyborgs lap on the cybernetic throne. But luckily none of them wanted to play the game.

Phil had a nice break and amused himself by watching the people in the tent and their activity. He was of course only granted a small reprieve, eventually a new player stepped up and pressed the start button. Phil’s view was transferred to the game, by now he was so used to it, he was starting to think of the screen character as himself. His mind sucked into that digital world.

He watched as the player navigated their way past the level one boss, as expected the cock milker activated. Phil marvelled that his cock could still get hard after so many uses, not realizing the medicated lube made it impossible for him not to. He was zapped and vibrated in various places based on actions the character in the game took. The player earned an extra life, and used it up at the second boss battle. Silently Phil rooted for the player to die at the hands and stingers of the scorpion level. Reaching the third level boss so far has been the tipping point he thought. If the player died before then, everything just shut down and he was not forced to cum. The player's death resulted in Phil receiving the negative feedback of a cock and balls zapping, but he actually preferred that over being forced to cum for the 4th time in under 2 hours.

Mentally Phil was shifting gears to relaxing in between games, but apparently this player wanted another go because they hit the start button again. Sighing Phil watched the game unfold again.

First level boss defeated, cock milker activated, of course he was still hard from the previous attempt just minutes ago. Zapping, vibrating, some pleasant, some painful. Second level boss defeated, milker speed and power doubled. Scorpion level appeared, but this time the player defeated them. Lava level next, Phil was blasted by hot air on various body parts. Yeti level next, cold air tickled vulnerable spots. Dang this player was learning how to beat the game, the animated tree level was Phil’s last chance before the third level boss was engaged. So far the third level boss had been the point of no return all afternoon and a forced orgasm activated.

The brain in the box was also learning the patterns, by watching Phil watch the game and monitoring his biometrics. The brain in the box was learning that surprise was an effective tool to manipulate Phil. That if Phil learned the pattern and was anticipating the results, it increased his ability to resist those results. The brain in the box decided to program in some unpredictability, adding some randomness to the results. Throw Phil a few curveballs now and then, not just a steady diet of fastballs.

Phil watched as the player defeated the animated trees and triggered the third level boss battle. He mentally girded his loins for the anticipated increase in the cock milker and zapping of his sensitive parts. But nothing happened, well the normal zapping and vibrating as the player shot pieces of the boss. But not the expected full assault to make him cum. Phil slowly relaxed his guard and watched the player defeat the boss, the cock milker did go up a level in intensity but nothing more.

Phil, grateful for the break in the routine, turned his attention back to the game. The player was really hitting a groove now, powering through the mini maps on their way to the fourth level boss. The fourth level boss proved too much for the player and they lost three lifes quickly. Each lost life zapped Phil in the crotch and the milker turned off as the game ended. Phil was pleasantly surprised and maybe slightly disappointed he had not been made to cum.

But this player hit the start button for a third attempt. Phil watched the levels go bye until level 3 boss. Half expecting the old pattern to emerge and being forced to cum again. But the brain in the box noticed his anticipation and did not activate its full arsenal to make him cum then. Phil mentally anticipated it as the player made it to the 4th level boss. The brain in the box made the decision not to do it then. Of course the lube and milker were still running all this time, Phil was still being zapped and vibrated according to the onscreen prompts. It just wasn’t making him cum NOW!

Phil mentally leaned back and began to wonder if Paula had dialed down the device, from the higher pleasure settings. In any case it allowed him to just watch the game for the most part.

The level five boss appeared, Phil watched intently as he had only seen this level once before. The Player using all their skills acquired playing the game repeatedly was making a good effort at finishing this boss off. Phil became so invested in watching the game play he didn’t notice when the occasional zapping of his nipples became a constant zapping. That the vibrating plug in his ass had inflated and was buzzing away constantly. The brain in the box noted with interest that Phil’s defenses were distracted by the onscreen action.

The Player had destroyed an arm and leg, the torso of the boss was pulsing orange and zapping Phil in the same pattern. Phil felt the cock milker go into a higher gear. Would he cum first, or the boss be destroyed first?

The player was firing, the torso was red now and pulsing constantly. Phil’s mind suddenly shifted focus from the game back to his body just in time for a potential 4th orgasm of the afternoon. Would the stimulation trigger the orgasm first, or the player succeed in killing the monster first? The answer was both, Phil watched the monster explode on screen and his body reacted with an explosion of his own. It was not much by volume but it still wracked Phil’s body inside the hard limits of the shell he was inside of.

Phil’s mind was spinning, he’d never achieved these kinds of results in his entire life, even as a horny teenager three times was a good day, four times a miracle. But with two in the morning and now four in the afternoon, Phil had set a personal best record of six orgasms in a single day, so far.

Could he do more? Phil’s mind shied away from that idea, he was seriously worried the throne and more importantly the brain controlling it, would insist on number seven if anyone played the game again. Phil prayed to all the gods in heaven, he’d do anything to avoid a seventh orgasm today. Of course one should always be careful when praying to the gods, there are a lot of trickster gods in heaven.

There was the small matter of the player still playing the game currently, he had 2 spare lives saved up and good skills. Potentially he could trigger Phil’s seventh before dying. But the difficulty level was climbing faster than the throne was stimulating Phil, and very quickly the player did lose all three lifes. Phil resigned himself to the parting zaps of his crotch, just thankful the game or the throne or the brain under it had decided not to attempt yet another orgasm. Phil’s thinking was slightly muddled by this point and he was glad the viewpoint switched back to the helmet cam and the inside of the booth.

It appeared that Paula and Maggie were cleaning up the booth for the next day's event. The Comic Convention ran between two consecutive weekends after all. Apparently it was closing time for this Sunday. Paula zipped the sides closed and Maggie put two chairs near Phil like they had done for lunch.

Paula disappeared in back and fetched her Phil monitoring and control laptop. Flashing on the screen she showed Phil’s camera, a green blinking six.

“Six times Phil,” Maggie remarked after Paula showed her “I literally did not think you had it in you.”

“First some house cleaning,” Paula said to Phil “and then we’ll discuss your bet.”

Paula pushed some buttons as she told Phil what she was doing “An enema to clean you out first.”

Phil felt the plug inflating inside him, then the fluid being pumped in. The auto enema held it for ten minutes and then flushed. This was followed by a second one, and then after a short break a third one.

Paula looked up satisfied in Phil’s general direction. “There you go, nice and clean.”

“This new and improved model Phil also allows us to deliver a nutrient paste,” Paula explained “The micro channels carry the water to your bite gag, but there are additional channels that can deliver the food paste via a pump.”

Paula pressed some buttons on the laptop “So Phil it’ll take a minute to get to your mouth but the paste is on its way, get ready to swallow.”

Paula turned to Maggie and casually remarked “I have no idea what it tastes like, but apparently one serving lasts 24 hours. So as long as you eat your food paste and drink plenty of water, you could stay alive for months on it. It was originally developed by the military as long term survival rations.”

Phil waited for the paste to be delivered via channels in the bite gag. It arrived and Phil sucked it down as he had not eaten since dinner last night. It was not tasteless, but close to it.

“It’s like oatmeal?” he thought to himself. He bit the gag and drank some water to wash it out of his mouth.

“All done with dinner Phil?” Paula asked rhetorically “Time to brush your teeth.”

Phil had no idea how that would be achieved, Paula was pressing buttons on her laptop.

“It’s really just a strong mouthwash Phil” Paula told him “I’ll pump it to your mouth, don’t swallow and swish it around as best you can. In 30 seconds I’ll activate suction and pump it to the waste tank once your mouth is clean.”

As advertised it tasted rather like a name brand mouthwash and Phil managed to keep it in his mouth until the suction drained it away.

“Now Phil, I think you made a very foolish bet with me.” Paula had put down the laptop and was looking Phil in the “eyes”. “A day per orgasm!”

“I tried to talk him out of it,” Maggie said in a mock sad voice “But he was so sure of himself.”

Phil rolled his eyes inside the helmet, one of the few things he could still move. Obviously this was a setup from the very beginning, whatever they were about to announce had been planned far in advance.

“So you owe me six days of testing Phil.” Paula smiled. “Six days inside.”

“But you see Phil, it's a lot of work to get you in and out of that display,” Maggie took up the conversation. “So we’ve decided it's in our best interests to just leave you in there the full six days.”

“That explained the survival food and the mouthwash” Phil told himself. “Well it won’t be too bad, the girls and the comic con people will be here during the day at least.”

Paula nodded her agreement “So we are going to lock the booth up, and we'll see you tomorrow after work.”

“Whoops” Maggie said “I think I told Phil it runs from weekend to weekend, not just on the weekends. I had him take this week off to be a booth babe everyday.”

“Well he’ll still be our booth babe.” Paula smiled at Maggie “There just won’t be any guests during the day.”

Maggie frowned, “But what will he do all day for the next five days, until Saturday?”

Paula waved her hand airly “Don’t worry the psych boys have a remote connection to the brain in the box under the throne. And we can check on him every night for feeding and maintenance.”

Maggie leaned over in front of Phil’s camera and planted a kiss on the display’s lips. “I’m sure the psych boys will play nicely!”

The women stood up and got ready to leave. “Did you tell the boys in the lab my idea for programming Phil to be a sex robot?” Maggie commented.

“I mentioned it to them,” Paula replied “They weren’t sure how effective it would be without positive and negative reinforcement. But I think they had some ideas.”

Phil moaned to himself and cursed himself. He had begged Maggie over the years to put him into more and more inescapable bondage scenarios, he had told her all his fantasies about being stored for longer and longer periods while still being used sexually. How he wanted to be on public display and in bondage, all while no one knew it. He knew she got turned on by putting him into those types of situations, and yet he never thought they’d actually happen. Now that they had achieved the fantasy, how long would Maggie keep him here?

Here he was literally sealed into a plastic shell that held his entire body immobile, with devices to zap, vibrate, and tease him. All while keeping him alive and stimulated for an unknown length of time. He trusted Maggie to keep him safe, but he also knew she loved having him under her ultimate control and she knew he’d be loving being this stuck.

Phil’s imagination spun out more and more outlandish scenarios. The women would have him shipped back to the Fantastic Plastics lobby. Paula would empty the waste tanks and refill the water and food paste tanks on weekends. Phil could be stuck inside for weeks, months, only Maggie and Paula would know.

Eventually the lights inside the convention center were turned off, the tent went dark, and Phil managed to fall asleep.
