---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jans_revenge.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jan's Revenge
authors:
- Jan Smith
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- susp
- cons
- XX
date: 2005-04-17 00:00:00
---

Jan's Revenge by Jan Smith
 
Jan was unsure what emotions she felt. It had been about two months
since her Mistress Beverly had moved away with her new boyfriend. Jan was
happy for her, for finding a special someone, but she was jealous of Michael
for taking her Beverly away, and although she didn't want to admit it,
even to herself, she was mad at Beverly. Jan hadn't even played with any
self bondage since she had been left alone and she resented Beverly for
that.

Jan's stomach was in knots as she watched Mike and Beverly sitting on
her couch. They had come back to the city for a few days and were staying
with Jan. Jan was so happy to see her old Mistress, but she also wished
she was not there. Jan smiled and laughed and never showed how much she
was hurting inside.
They spent the evening talking about their lives and Jan heard all
about there new jobs, and how well things were going for them. Oh how Jan
wished they would just shut up. Jan loved Beverly and wanted the best for
her, but she still resented Beverly's new life.

Jan turned pink when Michael asked if he could see their old dungeon.
Obviously Beverly had told him about their relationship. How dare she share
what they had had with him. Those special times had been for Jan and Beverly
alone and Jan almost cried at the thought of Beverly sharing them with
Mike. It took all her will power to keep smiling and not let on how hurt
she was.

Jan could not follow them as Mike and Beverly disappeared down the stairs
to the basement. Tears rolled down her face as the sounds of them laughing
floated up floated up the stairs from her private sanctuary. She ran to
the bathroom to get her self under control, but ended up sitting on the
toilet sobbing.

She snapped back to reality when she heard Mike calling her. She quickly
splashed cold water on her face, hoping it would hide the redness of her
eyes. She put on her best smile and went out to face Mike, but from the
look he gave her, she knew he could tell she was upset.

"I am going to go out and see a few of my old buddies. Beverly didn't
think I should be going out, but we made an arrangement." chuckled Mike
"I have a feeling I'll be pretty late so don't feel that you have to wait
up. I have Bev's key so I can let myself in."

Jan picked up the wine glasses and took them to the kitchen and started
to wash them. Where was Beverly?

The old butterflies in her stomach were back as she went to the stairs.
She knew what she would find as she quietly started down the stairs. Now
she understood the sly smile on Mikes face when he said he would be out
late. Without making any noise she rounded the corner to her dungeon and
her legs went weak. There, in the middle of the room, stood her Mistress
with her hands tied over her head, gagged and blindfolded.

Jan quietly sat down on the floor and stared at Beverly. God she was
beautiful. Here skimpy top was pulled up exposing her flat belly and the
tight, low cut jeans that she wore showed off all her assets. Jan sat quietly
and watched as Beverly stood there with her head hung slightly. Periodically
she would squirm a little and rub her legs together.  Jan knew only
too well what Beverly was going through. There she stood, helpless, waiting
for her Michael to return to do with her as he pleased. Jan closed her
eyes and remembered back to the many times she waited for her Mistress
Beverly.

Oh how she envied Mike.

But wait! Wasn't this her house! What right did they have to come back
and just expect to have free run of her dungeon. This had been the private
place for her and Beverly and now she wa expected to share. Not likely!

Jan was getting mad. At first she had been worried about what Beverly
would think, but it had been her that had left, and then expected to return
as if nothing had changed. To top it off, she would leave again, after
screwing up Jan's emotions again.

The Bitch!!!!!!!!!!

Tears were streaming down Jan's face. Her decision made, she stood up
and dried her face.

Beverly jerked alert as the sound of the winch sounded and her arms
were pulled higher over her head. Jan cranked the winch till Beverly's
toes came off the floor.

A muffled "Mike ?" escaped from under the gag.

"No." said Jan, a waver in her voice as she tried not to cry. "but you
may wish it was Mike pretty soon! You hurt me Beverly. The last two months
have been hell for me. I was just starting to get myself together and you
had to come back, flaunting Mike in front of me, and make me hurt again.
Well, before you leave me again, I am going to make you suffer for what
you did to me."

Beverly twisted in her bonds and muffled sounds came from behind the
gag. the sounds may have been apologies or maybe pleadings, but Jan did
not care. 
Taking a pair of scissors Jan walked up to Bev and cut her top off,
undid her jeans and slid them off and threw them in the corner. She wore
no bra and there she hung in a skimpy red thong. Jan had almost forgot
how beautiful she was.

Jan ran her hands over Beverly's breasts, down her sides and when she
reached the thong, hooked her thumbs under the flimsy material and slowly
pulled them down those muscular legs.

Jan almost forgot her self and was tempted to bury her face in that
lovely pussy as she had so many times before.

 But no! There would be no enjoyment for Beverly this time. That
was something from the past,and it had been Beverly's choice to give that
up.

Jan opened the drawer that held the implements of punishment. She fingered
all the whips and straps thinking back to how she had squirmed under their
lash. Her decision made, she removed a nasty looking riding crop. The crop
was very severe and she had only felt it twice  Once when Beverly
had first tried it and then when she had done something that had made Beverly
mad at her. Well now Jan was so angry with Beverly that nothing else in
the drawer would do.

The red welt stood out against the creamy white flesh of Bev's ass.
Jan reached out and ran her hand over it. The sound of the muffled scream
that had slipped past the gag was still in Jan's ears. Jan remembered back
to when the crop had been used on her. She had not screamed till the fourth
lash. Beverly was not as strong as she was. She would learn!

The next cut fell across Beverly's lower belly. She let out a muffled
cry and jerked her legs up, trying to protect herself.

"This will never do." thought Jan. She lowered Bev to the floor and
headed for a storage room. There she dug out some weights from some old
exercise equipment that hadn't been used for years. She drug them back
to where Beverly weighted. She tied her ankles together and then tied a
good amount of weights on. With a smile of satisfaction she turned the
crank on the winch. Beverly was raised off the floor again, and Jan kept
raising her until the weights were suspended below her. Beverly was stretched
tight and hung there moaning. The strain on her shoulders must be terrible.
Her naked body was already starting to glisten with sweat.

Jan retreated the crop and approached her old Mistress.

"I'll teach you to abandon me!" screamed Jan and lashed Beverly full
across her breasts. Even with the weights hanging from her feet, Beverly
jerked and twisted.

Again and again Jan swung the crop.

"You hurt me you Bitch!!!!" Jan yelled. Beverly's back, breasts, legs,
stomach and across her loins were striped with ugly red welts. No part
of her body was ignored.

"I loved you!!!!" cried Jan between lashes, " I would do anything for
you! I suffered for you! Why did you leave me?" Tears streamed down her
face and sweat soaked through her blouse.

Jan kept whipping until Beverly hung there limply, not even having the
strength to scream. Jan dropped the crop in horror and looked at her friend
hanging there before her. Her body shone with perspiration and was criss
crossed with red welts.

"Oh my God!" screamed Jan, as she dropped to her knees and wrapped her
arms around Beverly's legs " What have I done?"

"I'm sorry Beverly! Mistress! Mistress Beverly! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!"

Jan curled up in a small ball at her mistress's feet and sobbed uncontrollably.
Her brain was a fog and she was not thinking properly. She hardly see through
her tear filled eyes.

Moments later gentle hands were on her shoulders helping her to sit
up. Turning she found herself looking into Michael's eyes.

He pulled her into a warm hug and said "Do you feel better now? Do you
feel like you have punished her enough?

Jan's head was swimming. She found out later that Michael had snuck
back in shortly after he left and had been monitoring the whole procedure.

"This was all Beverly's idea. She felt bad about leaving you and hoped
that she could get you to let all your anger out so you could be friends
again. She hoped that you would react to our visit just as you did."

He held her close and they looked up at poor Beverly hanging before
them and listened to the little moans that were coming from her.

"If you are satisfied that she has learned her lesson, I will take her
down." said Mike, and then he handed her the crop " But, I am not here
to stop you. The decision is yours."

They lowered her to the floor and Mike started to untie her. Jan threw
her arms around beverly and kissed her cheeks and stroked her sweaty hair.

Gently she removed the gag an blindfold and looked into her friends
eyes. "You are the most beautiful person in the world. I do not deserve
to have someone as caring as you in my life. I will always love you no
matter what happens or where you are!"

Beverly was helped up stairs and given a warm bath to sooth her muscles.
Jan carefully rubbed some soothing cream on those ugly red welts, and then
they lay together in bed and hugged each other and cried together for the
rest of the night.

Jan looked across the room at Beverly. She was curled up in a big chair
that Mike had brought down. She was wrapped in a warm blanket and was sipping
a hot cup of tea.

Jan was hanging, naked, by her arms with her legs tied apart. Michael
stood beside Beverly holding the terrible crop that Jan insisted he use.
Beverly was too sore to join in and Mike, under Jan's pleadings, would
fill in for her.

Jan closed her eyes, and with a smile on her lips she said "Michael.
I am ready to please my Mistress!"

 
jansmith555@hotmail.com
