---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiesad/the_crate2.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: The Crate
authors:
- Edward Quadrio
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- sbf
- leather
- choker
- heels
- steel
- cuffs
- collar
- bracelets
- tease
- denial
- gag
- discovery
- M/ff
- toys
- strip
- rope
- chairtie
- honey
- torment
- oral
- sex
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2009-03-01 00:00:00
---

continued from [part one](the_crate.html)_

_**Part Two**_

_**Chapter 3: The Package**_

_It had been two days since Ed left. And Maryann found herself in totally perplexed. All she knew is that when he got back he would find her wanting and willing to be his any way he want it. She spent most of the time wandering between her house and his. Her attire had become a combination of stylish skirts and blouses along with at least 4 inch heels._

_On the third day a package came. It was addressed to her and him. Looking at the return address it was from a company called SM factory. Her heart raced. She was torn between opening it and waiting for him to get back. One thing which she was sure of the anticipation of seeing him not only kept her sexually aroused but leaving her longing. Thinking she knew what she had seen on the websites and she knew he would never want to hurt her. But she wondered if he knew this anticipation is driving her crazy more than anything he's ever done to her. She had made a couple of friends on the web, and her longing for him had become so intense she decided to ask for advice._

_Sitting in front of the keyboard she had mixed feelings. None of the relationships she had heard about online were like what he wanted. They all seemed loving but none seem to match the tenderness he wanted to give her. She had mentioned to her friend about the box. Of course she said open it. Marianne was still confused she wanted to open it so badly but still didn't know if she should wait for him._

_Her answer came that afternoon in the form of a letter from him. Running into the house scrambling._

_'Dearest Maryann, having a wonderful time with friends here in Connecticut.'_

_Maryann thought to herself, 'Days and he send me a letter like I'm his sister'. Back to the letter,_

_'I don't know I just had to start the letter that way',_

_She giggled this man is going to drive me completely crazy,_

_'the time we've been separated hopefully has given you a chance to think. We both need to be sure about this. For once we start down this path it will change or relationship forever'._

_Thinking of hersel and him, I could walk in around for the last two days thinking there was only one way to go on. I know I've made up my mind and my heart. It's to be he's the master and I'm his slave. Back to reading the letter._

_'hopefully by this time my house has received a box. I addressed it to me or you so that you could sign for it and open it. If you have not done it already go do it now before you read the rest of the letter'._

_Scrambling from where she was sitting she went to the box and tore it open, the contents were heavily wrapped in soft paper. Finally digging through it she found the contents. They look like expensive jewelry. She took out some of the tissue paper and laid it on the table. Taking each piece out she put it on the tissue paper as if to display the crown jewels. She had seen these on the Internet she knew exactly what they were her heart pounded with excitement. She slowly picked up each piece, first the ankle set. Each cuff was exquisitely polished almost as if it was made out of silver. At the lock was a ring. She could feel the passion swell within her. Her pussy responsed, it was as if she had hit an instant on button._

_She took out the next two pieces, wrist cuffs. They were exactly the same as the ankle cuffs smooth and polished. The last piece was a 1 inch stainless steel choker. She's not quite sure she had ever seen anything so beautiful. Examining it she realized it had a recessed lock. The first thing that flooded her mind was to put it on as she could be wearing it when he got home. Digging through the box she found no keys. She almost went into a panic. Did they make a mistake? Did they forget to put them in? Or what!_

_She went back to his letter._

_'By now I'm sure you have found there are no keys. I have them. That set was made to your measurements it will fit you only. And you need to realize the magnitude of them. Now my slave think about the future and wearing them. I’ll be home soon. Your Master Ed'._

_She just sat back, thinking to herself, 'does he really know what he does to me? To see fully understand the depth of how I feel right now. My heart is pounding, my pussy is screaming and yet he is simply stops'._

_The day went slowly as from time to time she went back to where the cuffs were at and just sat with them in her hands dreaming._

_At night she prepared herself for bed. Knowing that the set would just be heavenly to sleep in. Putting on her leather ankle cuffs, wrist cuffs, choker and heels she climbed into bed with a new set of cuffs in her arms. She found the feeling of being in cuffs was like him holding onto her and quickly was fast asleep._

_Waking in the morning she realized she was covered in sweat. Also her pussy was soaking, but not from sweat. Thinking to herself that's what they must mean by a wet dream. Freeing herself from her cuffs and choker she took a shower and got into the day. Placing a piece of felt on the coffee table she placed the new stainless steel cuffs on it._

_The doorbell rang. It was only eight o'clock in the morning. She went to it and found a FedEx box on the front stoop. Picking it up noticing the packing slip said 'early delivery priority'. She knew if she stopped to open it now she would be late for work. Ingeniously she opened the box and put what appeared to be a small box into her purse, she'll find a way sometime during the workday to open it._

_Of course the workday was extremely busy, not allowing her a break to sit and open the package. But as her usual attire she wore silk blouses, form fitting skirts and 4 inch heels with ankle straps... and of course a choker. She knew Ed loved to see her this way and she knew walking around at work she turned heads but she didn't care. Just feeling her clothing and heels made it seem like he was there._

_Finishing as soon as she could she headed straight home. She knew the small package was from him. She was so horny she placed it between her legs and rubbed her thighs on it. She was so close to an orgasm. Thinking if he doesn't come home to tie and fuck me soon, I'll be ready to be locked away._

_Zooming into the garage she clicked the control to shut the door. Running inside only until she was sitting at the table, her heart finally slowed down, getting a glass of wine she took a long sip. Sitting at the table she finally opened the package._

_It was a jewelry box wrapped in velvet cloth. She placed it on the table. And found the note first._

_'My sub Maryann, what is inside this box is for you and me. It may be more revealing and serious than our play times together. What is in there will be seen by all. In public that will be almost no way too hide them. Think long and carefully about what it would mean to wear them. As I said there are three in there. Two for you, one for me. Think about what I'm saying I'll be home soon'._

_Thinking about what the card had said she gently opened the velvet. Then opened the box. Inside were two wrist IDs and one ankle ID. She could see that one of wrist bracelets was rather large she knew it must have been his. Taking it into her hand she turned it over to look at the engraving. In quotations and old English lettering were the words, 'Ed Master to sub maryann'. Her heart leapt. Taking the second wrist bracelet it was much smaller and she knew this one must be hers. Turning it over it said, 'sub to Master Ed'._

_Thinking of truly beautiful jewelry was not excessively expensive but meaningful. Picking up the anklet and turning it over it said, 'Ed's slave'. She was glad she'd had two large sips of wine for now she almost swallowed the rest of the glass. Realizing there were no locks she immediately should put hers on. The ankle cuff was a bit discreet. But the wrist one would make it very obvious._

_She knew from the Internet how some slaves had a hard time exposing themselves as subs in public. She also realized now that they walked as a submission to their masters. She now realized what he was looking for. She could walk in public feeling great as is so not just because she loved doing it but he loved her and she loved him. It is within that feeling she knew her master always cared for her here or in public. That is the grace and pride he always talked about._

_'Where is he? This is the third day since he left. He has not called nor left a message or length of time he would be away.' she thought._

_That night she slept in self bondage. It was always simple enough to lock the wrist behind her back and ankle cuffs she wore every night together. She had gagged herself with a smallish bishop’s gag. A soft blindfold completed her bedtime attire. Even though it sounds uncomfortable. There was the feeling to her that he was there so sleep came quickly and soundly._

_Her dreams were of him. But no longer just tying her. But of the two of them acting like school wish boyfriend and girlfriend. She knew with her arm under his she would not care if anybody knew their secret. Hell she no longer cared if it was a secret at all._

_The phone rang she woke up and realized it was 10 o'clock at night. Something told on her it might be him. "Hello?"_

_"Maryann? It's me"._

_She caught her breath quickly. And said, "Sir". And then repeated, "yes, yes, yes"._

_He was bit puzzled. "Maryann I haven't asked you anything"._

_She responded quickly, "I know sir but it doesn't matter the answer is yes"._

_He thought about it and quickly asked her, "Yes to what?"_

_"Sir? May I speak freely?"_

_"Yes"._

_"All your sub knows right now is her longing for her master has started to drive her crazy. I want you and am willing to have you anywhere anyway you deem me worthy"._

_**Part 4: Selfbound slave**_

_"With the presents you have sent I think I finally realize what you're talking about. It is in that context that I wish to be yours"._

_"Sub you've made this conversation very simple. Wear the new jewelry as you please, I'll be home soon and we'll talk about the rest"._

_"Sir? When will you be home?"_

_" Very soon but if I told you it might lessen the anticipation."_

_"Yes sir"_

_Hanging up the phone she thought it would be hard to go back to sleep. But found that just his acceptance of her and a small amount of bondage it made easy._

_She woke the next morning feeling as if she had been given a double shot of adrenaline. She had never felt so alive or invigorated. Maybe it was a good night sleep but she knew the real reason was today is the first day she wore the new wrist ID and ankle ID. The only thing she saw that might trouble her is she wanted to show them off to all of her friends. She decided that there would be too many questions._

_All through the day at work people did comment on how well she looked and how happy she seemed. Smiling she just said thank you. During lunch her friend Robin sat next to her and said, "Okay Ms. Smiley what's with the new wrist and ankle bracelets?"_

_She paused for a mere second and then thought of how she felt about him and he felt about her then very calmly she said, "They are presents from Ed. Thinking it was so easy just knowing how he feels. I hope I can show him how much he means to me"._

_Robin said, "Mind if I take a closer look?"_

_Again Maryann did not hesitate, "Sure"._

_Looking at the wrist and turning it slowly she stops short when she saw the engraving. Looking up to Maryann, "You mean..."_

_Maryann cut her short. "Yes"._

_Robin taking her hand and asking her, "Is that why you have been bouncing around this office like a young schoolgirl lately?"_

_Maryann, "Yes"._

_"Does it feel that good?"_

_" No! Better". They smiled at each other._

_Robin said, "You realize I have a million questions now"._

_Maryann said, "Yes" as she went on eating._

_"I know of a couple of other friends who were into that scene but none of them ever walked around as you do"._

_Maryann who was just continuing to eat her lunch looked up and smiling said, "I know."_

_Robin said, "My only fear is how long will it last"._

_Putting down her fork Maryann stopped looking directly into her friend she said, "I want you to look into my eyes. Of all your friends how many of them truly looked this happy at any time during their relationships?"_

_Robin was dumbfounded and said, "You're right, I get the feeling this man is different"._

_Maryann smiled and said, "Trust me you have no idea how different". They both smiled._

_For the rest of the day Maryann barely knew she was at work at all. By the end of the day she felt like she had a cop pushed more than she ever thought possible. Even though it was one of those long and difficult days she felt more energized by the end of it and she could have imagined. She cannot remember the last time she felt as proud as she did now. She remembered now and saying. A woman's self worth, sensuality, and pride come from within. Today nothing seemed impossible to her. She knew where that confidence came from. She felt like skipping to her car getting in and driving home, she could do nothing more than stare at the wrist ID. Thinking I need to find a way to tell him how much it all means and how much it has done for me. The only sadness was her longing for him. She never thought she could remain moist between her legs all day long until now. She absolutely longed for him._

_Getting home there were still was no news from him no postcards nothing on the phone all she could do is wait. Bedtime approaching she realized she needed a bondage session of some sort. He had said he did not mind my self bondage. Again for a woman who sleeps in leather wrist and ankle cuffs, high heel shoes and a choker self bondage was simple. This time she decided to make it a little more difficult. Sitting across from her bed she put on her high heels. Next her ankle cuffs locking them together with a short chain. Next came the gag and the blindfold, she kept with the Bishop gag for she knew that's what he liked best. It made going to sleep wonderful to think and to know he was in charge. The blindfold caught off all light from her site._

_Last leather wrist cuffs she had learned from him to be careful not to make things so tight as she would hurt herself so the wrist cuffs were tight but the lock allowed some movement between then. Next she grabbed the clasp that ran down from her choker and pulled her hands to a reverse prayer and slipped the hasp onto the lock. Happy with the way everything felt she knew she had to get down to the floor and almost crawl her way to bed. The movement of her hips on the floor was enough to send her over the edge. Whether she wanted to have an orgasm or not the roll of her hips on the floor left her panting. When she finally calmed down she'd made it to the bed only to realize that with her hands in this position she could not pull the covers over her. Her escape device would not let her unlock the cuffs until at least 5 a.m... She knew it would be a cool evening but to her surprise she fell asleep quickly._

_\* \* \* \* \*_

_Even though she was chilly the feeling of her bondage and thought of him let her fall asleep quickly and sleep soundly._

_She awoke with a start. She had fallen in a position where she could not cover herself. But now as she woke she felt warm and safe. She was covered, had somebody broken in? How! It was then she felt him. He must have come home found her and slipped into bed with her. He was lying behind her with his arms around her. She could think of nothing better. She felt his breathing slow and strong she knew he must be tired. Still bound complete in her heels and her arms in the reverse prayer. She knew she had gotten her self bondage right as she was not extremely sore. But she did not know if she could tolerate this position beyond her 5 a.m. escape. She did not know which raced faster her pussy or her heart. She decided to snuggle in and let him sleep if he wanted to. As she felt herself getting cozy she also felt the joy of sleeping with him._

_When she awoke again it was to the feeling of him pushing on her. She woke a little and realized she was no longer bound. Her master was giving her a from the rear wake-up call. She moaned and he heard her. "Master?"_

_"Yes my slave"._

_"Welcome home"._

_Her excitement grew quickly as he began to thrust himself into her._

_"Sir? I've waited so long please take your time"._

_He said, "If you come quickly will just have to do it again"._

_It didn't take long as she spent herself quickly and he pulled himself out, she turned around and said, "Sir it's been an eternity please do as you will"._

_He took her hands and pulled them around his neck and said, "I have for now"._

_She smiled a Cheshire cat smile. Sliding down between the covers she started to kiss him. Further down she started to give him a blow job. She quickly put her hands behind her back as if they were tied. Continuing the blow job Ed did not realize how horny he was. She took her time licking and kissing the shaft of his cock. He responded with heavy breathing and she continued until he came. As he exploded she did not remove the cock from her mouth. She sucked and swallowed all of it. When he finished she continued to lick him clean. When he was done and clean she came back up between the sheets with her hand's still behind her. He wrapped his arms around her and she placed her head into the nape of his neck. They quickly both fell back to sleep._

_A week later he got home from work and found an urgent message from Maryann on his phone. "Sir please come over as soon as you can. I have a problem with my coworker Robin"._

_With a sense of urgency Ed went over to Maryann's house. He remembered the first time he met her and she was stuck in her self bondage. Wondering could this be more of the same. He had tried to be severe enough over the last couple weeks for her to be careful where and when she played her games. Letting himself in he called out for Maryann._

_"In the den sir"._

_Rounding the corner from the kitchen saying, "Are you all right?"_

_The reply was, "I'm fine but I don't know what to do with her". He got to the door of the den and was surprised._

_"Did you find her like this?"_

_"Yes and no"._

_"Explain to me in detail"._

_"Maryann was sitting on the sofa dressed as usual, satin blouse, leather skirt, stockings and her heels"._

_On the love seat was somebody Ed had not met yet. Looking at Maryann at very calmly said, "Would you like to introduce me?"_

_Maryann said, "Yes and no, Ed this is my coworker Robin, Robin this is my master ED"._

_Robin was sitting in the love seat in gorgeous bondage. He could see that she must be a tall girl for her legs were extremely long and muscular. Starting with her head she had a soft leather blindfold on with a cutout for her nose. The gag was a full Bishop gag pulled so tight as to make her cheeks bulge. The posture collar was not soft but stiff and at least 4 inches. A gunmetal blue longsleeved satin blouse. Her arms were pulled behind her and in an extreme reverse prayer. Four-inch slave cuffs held her hands up to a clasp on the posture collar. A leather strap hung on the ring of the collar. A tight leather skirt was held snugly to her waist by a four-inch leather belt. From a slit in the skirt and a wire and went to a pushbutton panel clipped to the belt. Seemed thigh high stockings encased her legs. Her legs were held together by four-inch slave cuffs on her ankles. Her shoes were 5 inch stilettos with 1 inch ankle straps._

_"Maryann did you do this to her?"_

_"No"._

_"Explain further"._

_"I found her sitting on the back porch under a black velvet cape. I lead her in here. She had this envelope tucked into her blouse"._

_He picked up the note and read._

_'Maryann I am ROP 41, we've been talking online for the last six months. You've told me about your new master and your relationship with him. I put myself into self bondage and am waiting for you to come home. All of the cuffs and leather devices are locked on; the keys are in your desk at work. From what you have told me your master will know what to do'._

_"Maryann how much have you shared with her?"_

_"In truth Sir? She is my confidant. We have shared intimate details of each other's encounters"._

_"Well even if you wanted to let her free we can't get the keys till tomorrow morning"._

_Going over to her he gave her a quick inspection. "The keypad on her belt must go to the two dildos in her"._

_He pushed the button, she immediately moaned and begins to move her hips._

_**Part 5: For the love of honey.**_

_Ed looked to Maryann and said, "Go to your room and put on your wrist and ankle leather cuffs. Also get a nice soft secure choker"._

_She smiled at him and said, "Yes sir"._

_When she came back he had a couple of lengths of chain in his hands. "Come and stand in front of me". Quickly he connected about a 2 foot chain between her and cuffs and locked it in place. Next a 2 foot length of chain between her wrists cuffs in front of her. One more small link from the wrist chain to the ankle chain._

_Maryann was smiling, "sir it is so comfy, but I feel like the perfect slave girl in them"._

_"Good!" he said as he clasped a 2 foot leash from her choker and just let it hang down in front of her._

_"Now let's get to work on Robin". Standing her up he told Maryann to take her skirt off. Next he gave her a pair of scissors and said cut the blouse off. Robin moaned behind her gag. Ed could hear her starting to breathe quickly as if to start to cry. Ed put a finger through the clasp of' her posture collar and said, "Obviously you have a submissive streak in you. You need to learn if you put yourself in a position where you have no control you need to do it with people you can trust. On Maryann's back porch you put yourself in danger. Anything from a pervert to a guard dog could've hurt you. So now you would get to feel what a guard dog is like"._

_Maryann stopped suddenly and stared at him. He winked at her. Saying aloud so that Robin could hear him he said, "Our next-door neighbor as a 125 pound guard dog and you are going to get to play with him. Or really he's going to play with you!"_

_Maryann did all she could do to keep from laughing. The dog was a middle-aged black lab and would nuzzle and lick the burglar before he would ever bark at him._

_They were surprised to find a heavily boned corset under Robins blouse. Ed asked, "How did she get herself into it as tight as it is?"_

_Maryann replied, "Metal clasps down the front, she doesn't have to lace it each time she puts it on"._

_Ed looked at Maryann and said, "You know this because?"_

_"Sir I have one"._

_He turned to her and said, "I think when we're done with her will have to get yours on. You can show me how you put on and then I can tighten the laces"._

_Maryann replied, "The tighter the better sir"._

_Once Robin was she striped to her thigh highs and heels Ed got out some soft cotton rope. Looping it around her upper body he drew it above and below her nipples. Each nipple lies between the ropes. Pulling the ropes tightly it tried to crush her breasts. It was almost a vicious rope braw. With the exception of the nipples standing out between the ropes._

_"Maryann get me some long straps from your bondage bag and meet me in the backyard". Ed picked up and put Robin over his shoulder and started out the door._

_In the backyard he put her down in a lawn chair. It was chilly out and Robins skin was covered in goose bumps. Her nipples also were erect. She moaned as the rope braw pinch them. Marianne came out with the straps. "Strap her down so she can't move". Maryann got a kick out of applying straps to her around her waist went one across the shoulders another went over thighs then another._

_Meanwhile Ed was calling for Spike. Robin froze and became very very nervous. She could hear the deep bark of the dog. Ed leaned down and said "good dog". He also turned up the control of the vibrators in her. Robin started to moan and breath in shallow breaths. Ed grabbed the ring on her collar. Speaking to her, "Which has you going more fear or lust?"_

_- O -_

_Ed told Maryann to hold onto the dog and he would be right back. Robin could do nothing but sit in fear._

_He wasn't gone long in coming back with a clear plastic jar of honey. Taking off the top and tipping it he led a dribble down the tops of Robins breasts making sure it's soaked into the ropes around her nipples. Then dribbling some down her belly. Going back to the nipple ropes one more time and applying a little more. Maryann realized what he had set up._

_She knew the dog. He didn't have an ounce of viciousness in him. But he did have quite a loving tongue._

_Ed said, "Maryann pull out your fingers". She did and he dropped some honey on them. "Let Spike taste it". She did and then led him to Robin. Of course the dog was more than willing to lick all of the honey he could smell. He quite happily started to poke his nose and lick Robins breasts. As he did Ed turned the vibrators up to max. Robin started to shake, her head rolled in circles and her breathing became faster and faster. They knew she must have been approaching what could only be described as a super orgasm. The dog was doing a wonderful job even poking his nose between her legs where the honey had dripped. Just as they thought she was going to come Ed turned the vibrators off. She tried to scream 'no let me finish!'_

_Maryann held the dog as Ed put on a new layer of honey. Speaking closely to her ear he said, "You and he will be good friends by the time he's finished and you have had an orgasm. But for right now it's a bit cold and I and my sub are going to snuggle by the fire. Maryann let the dog go". He grabbed the leash attached to Maryann collar and they went towards the house_

_But Ed was not done yet. Waiting until Robin appeared to get herself sexually aroused again he gently pulled the dog away from her. She screamed into her gag. Shaking her head and trying to wiggle her hips you could see the let down in her body language. She must have been close. When her breathing slowed and she seemed relaxed he led the dog back to her. And of course it was more than happy to clean the rest of the honey from her._

_"Sir I don't think I have ever seen anything so scary to her, and deliciously enticing at the same time"._

_"As I told you things can be interesting for you if you are with someone you can trust"._

_"Sir how long will you let her go?_

_"Actually not much longer, by now she realizes spike will not hurt her. But soon spike will have finished most of the honey and as she tries to raise her desires he will be licking less and less. Besides Spike needs to go home soon. You know he's a working dog"._

_"Working? You mean at this?"_

_"No my friend Rick his owner takes him to children's wards in hospitals, convalescent homes, and retirement homes. That dog is incredibly popular. I don't think there is a more loving tender animal I have ever heard of or have met. I would not do this with him unless I was sure that dog was so tender. Also I had you tie her thighs to the chair so she could not spread them. His best work is done on her skin."_

_"Sir why have you not introduced me to him in that way?"_

_"Do I detect a little bit of jealousy? Besides I will have him lick your breasts when I am in you at the same time."_

_About two hours later Ed and Maryann came out to get Robin. Spike was lying at her feet quietly, as if keeping watch. Even though it was chilly out that night Robins hair and upper body were covered in sweat. Apparently the event had really worked her. Maryann released the straps that held it to the chair and Ed picked her up and carried her back into the den._

_"Sir she looks like she's done"._

_Ed came into the room and said, "Not quite yet". He had a warm washcloth in his hand. He gave it to Maryann and said, "Clean her up but make sure you spend some time with a cloth around her nipples and between her legs. But you're not to let her come"._

_Maryann took her time and Robin responded. Soon Robin was trying to push her body where she thought Marianne's touch would be. Maryann finished and took the washcloth back to the kitchen. Ed was thinking how wonderful it was to watch her walk. Her heels and leather cuffs made her look super sexy._

_Once again Ed picked up a Robin and took her to the spare bedroom. Maryann followed and pulled on the bed sheets. "Get me a couple of long straps". When Maryann returned Ed put Robbins legs into a hogtie and ran the strap over her thighs and under the arch of her high heels. Buckling it tightly she was now stuck in a rather strict hogtie. He pulled the blanket over her and said goodnight._

_The next morning Maryann went to work and during her break brought home the keys to release a Robin. Robin was extremely stiff and of course needed to use the bathroom. Sitting at the kitchen table drinking orange juice she looked to still be in a daze. Maryann got her a cup of coffee. Sipping it slowly she looked at Maryann and said, "I don't believe it!!!"_

_Maryann said, "Don't believe what?"_

_"When you said he was different I didn't think much of it. Now well!!"_

_Maryann said, "I know. Robin are you all right?"_

_"I think so, it's just that everything seems different. When we spoke online I did have a master and I thought he was good to me. Is that how ED acts when he is angry at you?"_

_Maryann reply, "Yes and sometimes I don't know if he could take me any higher and yet he does. The thing is he very rarely if ever gets mad at me or mad about anything. And if you think he takes you to a new place in anger you can't imagine what he does to me out of caring"._

_Robin saying, "I just don't know anymore"._

_Maryann saying, "I need to get back to the office. I'll drive you home."_

_"Oh no thank you, I think I need some time to think. And we'll talk tomorrow about things"._

_Story continued in [**Part Three**](the_crate3.html)
