---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storiesek/heather.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Heather
authors:
- Restricted
tags:
- F+/f
- kidnap
- bond
- latex
- doll
- boxed
- transported nc
- X
date: 2006-07-16 00:00:00
---

Heather
galloped along Saunton Sands on the pure white horse, her long blonde hair
flowing in the wind. Her body was in unison with “White Lightning”. She rose
and fell with the galloping of the horse and each time she hit the saddle, she
felt her pubes being pressurised! She loved it and realised why women love horse
riding!

She
was very lucky to have found White Lightning saddled and ready to go. Her escape
was a very close call indeed.Too
close for comfort!

It
started out when she was holidaying in Cornwall. She had gone with friends, but something
had happened and they had to leave and so Heather was alone! She
had wandered around the towns rather lonely. Nobody to talk to of any
consequence. She had looked at all the trashy tourist ornaments on display in
the shops. She was starting to think she should pack it in and go home. It was
fun while the other girls were there. But now Heather was alone!

She
was so engrossed with her thoughts, she never realised she was being stalked!
Walking around Ilfracombe she met with a vicar. “You look lonely my child!”
“Yes I am alone and bored to tears!” “Come with me to the Sisters of Mercy
who run a café in the edge of town and we can discuss you empty life!”
“Well” thought Heather “If you can’t trust a vicar, who can you
trust?”

It
didn’t take long to reach the café. Heather sat down and the vicar ordered
teas and scones with cream and jam. They sat talking for some time. The sisters
were nuns who were busying themselves making the scones and teas as well as
tidying up.

But
after only twenty minutes, Heather felt tired. The room started to spin. “My
dear, what is up?” “I feel faint!” “Must be the sun. Perhaps you had
better lie down!” He took her into another room helped by a couple of the
nuns. He laid her on a bed and she fell fast asleep.

“Ooohhh!
My aching head!” Thought Heather as her consciousness returned. She opened her
eyes and realised she was slumped forwards resting on her arms! She pushed
herself backwards and suddenly the thought hit her. “What the!” She never
finished the sentence. She realised that she was looking at was her bare legs.
The skirt she was wearing was extremely short. It was a navy blue wrap over type
of skirt. She realised she was wearing a grey jacket! She leapt up and suddenly
fell over. She was chained by the ankle to a desk like they have in schools.

She
took a closer look at her clothes. She was wearing little white ankle socks,
black T bar shoes, a tight cotton blouse, a plain training type of bra. She
lifted her skirt to find she was wearing navy blue knickers to match the skirt.
Her hair had been put into plaits and tied with ribbons!

Heather
looked around. She was in a class of other people of around her own age. But
they were also dressed like schoolchildren. They were aged she guessed between
seventeen and twenty one. The girls had short skirts on like her, and the boys
wore short grey trousers and white shirts with a navy tie. Why didn’t they try
to run away? Then she looked carefully. They were all chained to their desks.
They were all prisoners! It must have something to do with the priest. She had
heard of weird things within the church, but this is ridiculous.

She
strained on the chain, but it was well and truly fastened. “Awake now my dear?
Welcome to St. Michaels School for naughty children” It was a nun who was speaking in a strict tone of
voice! “We expect you to be on your best behaviour at all times. Punishment is
very strict in this school! A quiet murmur went up from the other
“children”. What is the matter with them? Are they so degraded they would
put up with this treatment?

Heather
said she did not want to be chained up and dressed like this. “Silence! You
will only speak when spoken to!” “But I want to get out of here!” With
that she came over and grabbed Heather. Another nun appeared from behind her and
they handcuffed her hands behind her back.

They
released her ankle chain and marched her to the front of the class. One of the
nuns went to a cupboard and took out a scold’s bridle. Heather struggled, but
they forced it into her mouth and pulled the front around her face encasing her
head in a steel frame. The nun locked it behind her head. Heather’s hands were
unlocked and her hands were locked in front of her. But they pushed them up and
locked them to a ring at the top of the frame.

She
was pushed and pulled to a corner of the room where they fastened a collar
around her neck and locked it with a chain to a ring bolt in the corner. Her
feet were tied together and she was left standing facing the corner of the room,
with her hands on her head like some mischievous child. They tied her feet
together, so she could not move. The chain from her neck stopped her from
sitting down. All she could do now was stand and wait until the nun decided the
punishment was over.

“You
will stay there until the class is over this evening. There will be no playtime
for you. Once you are released, you will have detention!” Heather gulped and
tried to murmur, but the apparatus was holding her tongue down.

All
day long she was aware of movement from the class. She listened as they quietly
filed out of the classroom to go to play. “How could they be so compliant? Are
they volunteers or something?” she thought.

But
the day went by and Heather was released eventually. Now she was told to write
fifty times “I am a naughty schoolgirl who deserves to be spanked!” on the
blackboard. Heather did it, but it took longer than she thought and she missed
supper. That night
all the boys and girls were separated. The girls went into their dormitory where
Heather had a chance to look round. There were bars at the windows. The door was
locked and they were shut in.

But
the next day Heather was summonsed to read out what she had put on the
blackboard. She read it out to the class and the nun bent her over her knee,
lifted her tiny skirt, pulled down her knickers and spanked her hard with a
wooden paddle. Heather was sore when she was made to sit down and she made a run
for it before they could lock her ankles to the desk.

She
was caught and bound with her hands behind her back. The nun went to a large
cupboard and opened the door. “You have not learned have you?”Another nun gagged her and they shoved her into the cupboard and locked
it. Heather banged and crashed, but they took no notice of her!

Heather
heard the class leave the room. “You can make all the noise you want miss!
There is no one here to hear you!” The nun shouted at her. But even she left
and Heather was all alone!

She
tried to push the doors open, but they were too tough for her. Heather didn’t
like the dark and was slightly claustrophobic, but she managed to keep control
of her emotions.But she knew she
had to escape.

The
next day gave her a chance. She was allowed into the playground and took a good
look at the electrified fence that kept them in the school. But she noticed a
tall slim woman riding nearby on a pure white horse, the one she was now riding!

After
dinner break, the nun sent her to the headmistress. It was Marcia Grey who had
been through a rough time because of catching someone out in a chastity belt.
Now she needed to get even with somebody. Anybody would do. She was angry and
determined to have her way! The nun entered the office and explained to Heather
that Miss Grey supplied them with all they needed for their spiritual
endeavors’, including the convent and they in turn taught her schoolchildren
and got them to make clothes and other things that could be sold for money!

Marcia
owned the white horse! She spoke with an air of authority, “I saw you looking
at White Lightning! Don’t even think it! You will never escape on my horse!
Besides, with those clothes, everyone will think you are a pervert and ignore
you! You would be recaptured and returned to the school where you will get even
worse treatment! Sister Mary, bind her and show her what we can do!”

Sister
Mary handcuffed her hands behind her back once more. A gag was put in her mouth
and a short chain was fastened between her legs! Marcia and Sister Mary walked
Heather very slowly to a garden.

She
was shocked when she got there and saw some grave stones. She tried to say
something but she was gagged. “No questions my dear. Well I will explain!
These four graves you see were people who tried to escape. They were recaptured
and buried here! Oh no dear, we did not kill them! For goodness sake, what do
you think we are? No, no, they are very much alive their tombs, fed
intravenously and all their waste comes out the same way. They are gagged and
locked into chastity belts so they cannot pleasure themselves where no one could
see them! Late at night we play sexy stories through loudspeakers to them. They
have no microphone to tell us to turn them off. We did not want to hear their
pleas for release. Why should we show them mercy? They nearly got us caught and
we would have lost a lot of money through the items the children make! Now we
don’t want to see you join them do we! So be a very good girl and behave.
There is plenty of room down there for you if you do not!”

Now
Heather knew why the other people never tried to escape!But she had to try just the same. She had to rescue everyone else by
going to the police and telling them of what was going on!

She
was walked back to the headmistress’s office and her restraints were removed.
“Now you are far too pretty to finish up for the rest of your life in total
darkness waiting for the stories to start each night only to find they frustrate
you and you are unable to find release from the torment!”

“No Miss Grey, I
will be a good girl in future!”

“That is the way my dear. Sister Mary, her
hair needs platting once more!”

Sister
Mary took Heather back to her room and undid her hair and remade the two plaits!
She made sure she pulled extra hard on Heathers hair, which caused her to yell!
“Be quiet or you go back into the cupboard. In fact you will go back into the
cupboard for the rest of the day so you can imagine what it would be like in
your grave!”

Once
she had made the plaits, she took Heather back to the classroom, shoved her into
the cupboard and tied her hands and feet to some eyebolts on each side side! She
was gagged and the door was locked. Heather tried to wriggle but could not get
free. She heard the other people enter the room and Sister Mary called out their
names to which they answered “Here Miss, or present Miss!”

Heather’s
heart sank with despair! Would she ever escape or would she ever be found! That
is her dilemma now! She was even more determined than ever. But she had to find
out how many nuns were involved and how many other people were around. Could she
trust any of them? Supposing she found a way to escape, could she trust any of
the other “children” to keep quiet and help her? Supposing they were so well
trained they went and split on her? Maybe they had been told that if anyone
tries to escape, if they keep quiet or help, they would be put in the graves?
Who was to know and who would take the chance. It was far better to be dressed
like they were than to have to lie there forever out of the thoughts of
everyone! Permanently frustrated!

But
her chance came a few days later. They were told that the girls had to go and
play netball! The boys had to go and play football! They were given sports
shirts and blouses to wear before they were divided up and led into the
playground. In the playground they were given their plimsolls to wear for the
games! Sister Mary told one of the other nuns that they boys were getting
restless with the girls dressed as provocatively as they were! “That is the
school uniform! They would not want to be seen in town wearing them! It keeps
them here!”

“I know, but I have been noticing the boys looking at the girls
and trying to peer under their short skirts! I think we should send the boys to
St.
Josephs”

“St. Josephs Monastery! Sister Mary, we are strict, but the monks
would be a lot worse and they would make the money the boys items sell for. We
need the money for ourselves! How could we afford to run that beautiful car
without their help?”

“I suppose so. Perhaps we should put bromide in their
tea like they used to during the war!”

“We could get them to make chastity
belts for each other and send the keys to St. Josephs!”

“Hmmm! I suppose
that would be a good idea. It would appear that for some reason a male seeing a
woman locked in a chastity belt does bring out the animal in him!”

Heather
had crept around and heard all this. There was no way she was going to be stuck
in a chastity belt. Especially after having a young man feeling all around her
to measure her up!

She
looked over and the teams were picked. Heather did not have to play, but as soon
as the girls started leaping up revealing their knickers, the boys started to
call out. “Boys, stop that at once or you will all be punished most
severely!” Sister Mary shouted out

The
mother superior approached. “You have a problem, Sister Mary?”

“Yes Mother
Superior! The boys are calling after the girls!”

“It is natural Sister Mary.
You have to expect it!”

“Then what, what happens when the young men and
ladies start canoodling?”

“I have thought about that. We are extremely
lucky. We never experienced that emotion. These are not as strongly will powered
as us! I think they should be put in chastity belts like you suggested some time
ago!”

“That would make them all the more frustrated while they are measuring
up!”

“Ahh, the sins of the flesh eh? No,
we will have them put in stiff swimming costumes and chain them in place so they
cannot remove them!” “What a wonderful idea. Perhaps we could discuss this
further!”

That
is when the fight started. Sister Mary and Mother Superior rushed over to
separate the boys. Heather saw Marcia get off of her horse and enter the
playground. She stepped up quite quickly. But Marcia noticed she had not ensured
the gate had closed behind her and the door swung open. Heather nudged the girl
beside her. She pointed to the open gate and told the girl they should make a
rub for it!

Heather
started running, but all the other girls stood still. Why would they not try to
escape! Still, that was down to them! Heather was on her way!

She
ran through the gate and not wanting to wear these ridiculous clothes anymore
stripped off as she ran. She would rather be naked than dressed in stupid
clothes like that! She reached the horse and untied it from the post. She leapt
onto the saddle landing with a crash, and feeling her first jolt of the saddle
on her pubes! It was as good as having some man lying on top of her!

Heather
spun the horse around and looked at the other girls. The one she had nudged had
run to Sister Mary. She and Mother Superior had left the fight and with Marcia
were heading towards her. Heather kicked the horse in the ribs, but it stood
there.

“Go
on horse or you are a mound of glue!” The horse stood there quite still!
“Dog food!” Heather was getting desperate! They had reached the gate.
Heather did not know what to do, so she panicked and smacked the horse on its
rump. It leapt up and flew off. Heather nearly lost her grip and almost fell
off. If she had! The nuns and Marcia had gone back into the school. Heather did
not know what they would do next!

But
she soon found out. The cloud off sand following her along Saunton Sands showed
they had got a jeep and were chasing her! Heather turned the horse off of the
beach and went across the sand dunes. Soon she picked up a road. A car must come
along. She managed to get the horse to stop and leapt off of it. She turned it
towards the beach once more and gave it a slap. The horse bolted off and left
her standing there stark naked.

Heather
hid off of the road and saw the three women chasing the white horse along the
sand dunes. But she realised that as soon as they saw that there was no one
riding the horse, they would be back looking for her!

A
car came along and Heather took a chance. She rushed out and slowed it down. The
car stopped and the driver a man gawped at her. “Please help me. I have been
held prisoner at St. Michael’s convent. I need to get to the police
station!”

“Jump in the back. You will fond a blanket there to cover yourself
up. I will take you to the nearest police station and you can tell them what has
happened to you! I will put on the door locks so no one can get to you. You will
be safe that way!”

“Thank you for your help. I owe you my life for this!”
she said thinking of the graves. That would be something to show the police to
prove she was not lying!

The
car sped off, leaving the scene on the beach far behind. Heather looked at the
scenery. She had not seen any of this before so had no idea where she was
until…………..The car tuned into the driveway where she saw St. Michaels
convent! Heather tried to open the
doors but realised the child locks had her trapped in. There was no escape from
the car! Heather started to cry as she realised she was for the graves along
with the others!

The
car stopped and Sister Mary and Mother Superior along with Marcia came out of
the convent top greet her. “Oh, had you little bit of freedom? I hope you
enjoyed it, because that is the last you will get!”

The
car doors were released and the driver turned to face her. It was the priest. Of
all the people to meet on the road, it was him. Heather swore all sorts of
profanities at him, but he just stood there and ignored them.

Heather
was silenced by what she heard next. It was Marcia speaking. “Get the
children. They have work to do. I told you this one is beautiful and will make a
beautiful bedside doll for me!”

“A
doll? I am human, not a doll! How
the hell is she going to imagine me as a doll?”

Heather
was locked back into the cupboard once more. She could hear a lot of movement
outside. But she had no idea what was in store for her and she kept banging on
the wardrobe to get someone’s attention. But she realised they were simply
ignoring her. She decided to be quiet so she could hear what they were up to.

But
she was not there for long! They opened the cupboard door and led her out into
the classroom. All the desks had been removed and in the centre was a large
board with four shackles, one at each corner attached to it. On the board was
large sheet of white latex. She had no idea what they would do to her.

Heather
was pushed down and the “children” forced her arms and legs wide apart and
tied her wrists and ankles to the shackles so she was tied spread – eagled on
the board. She started to shout, but Sister Mary fastened a ball gag in her
mouth! “You have asked for this. Don’t blame anyone else but yourself!”
They cut off all of her long blonde hair and shaved her head as well.

The
“children” started with scissors cutting the latex around her. One of the
held up a piece of cast latex. It looked like a vagina but everything was molded
including the pubic hair. This was placed over her vagina and pressed into
place. The inside of the false fanny went inside her vagina lips. The boy made
sure it was well and truly pressed into place. The back of it was pressed home
as well with a small amount of material going into her ass! The glue on her bum
felt horrible, but there was nothing she could do about it.

The
others kept cutting at the latex and pulling it around her limbs and body. Now
they were happy with the result they started to glue it together and stitch it
where it was needed. The boy pulled the false fanny over the latex and pushed
the remnants of the sheet under it. The girls stitched it together while the
boys glued it. Soon a pair of white latex gloves were produced and stuck on her
hands. This went up to the latex around her arms and they were glued together.
White latex stockings with each toe individually shaped went on her feet and
these were glued to the latex sheet.

Heather
was shaking her head. As each item went on, someone released her bindings on her
wrists and ankles and her limes were held down wile the glue dried. She still
struggled. Even when the latex mask was produced, she tried to stop them putting
it on her head. But she was overpowered.

The
white latex went past her eyes. They pulled it down and pushed and prodded.
Heather felt the latex being inserted under her lips and made to fit her mouth.
At least if need be she could breath through her mouth. But the nostrils fitted
perfectly. They should do as one of the girls carefully cut the nostrils to fit
and the excess material went into her nostrils. Mind you, it was only a quarter
of an inch inside her nose. But that was enough.

Heather
watched as another mask was produced. This was almost identical to the first.
White latex, but this time there was no face area. There was just a great big
hole where the face should be. And it had molded ears.She thought that was it, but she was wrong.

Heather
was still held down as yet another sheet of white latex was produced. She was
lifted up while they slid it under her. Once it was smoothed out, they lowered
her down onto it. But this time, they put some steel rods in with it. They were
taped to her legs, another lot to her body and the third lot to her arms. But
each rod had a flexible joint in it somewhere. Very quickly they wrapped the
sheet around her and started to cut it. Soon this sheet was stitched and glued
to the first sheet.

What
Heather was shown next was to shock her. It was a pale white porcelain face mask
with a slightly open mouth. She was shown what it looked like from the outside
and she saw the pale blue eyes in it. She thought whoever was in it would not be
able to see. She was wrong again. They spread some glue in the inside and
pressed it on her mask she was wearing. She felt her lips being pulled though
the gap in the mouth. But they were not finished with her yet!She could see, just about though as the eyes made everything distorted.
No one looking at her would see her eyes, but she could just about make them
out.

The
head mask was slipped over what she had on and was glued down holding the
porcelain face mask in position. Once they were happy that everything had set,
Heather was helped up.

Sister
Mary cut some very tiny holes in the latex where the joints on the steel rods
were. Sister Mary grinned. “Clothes!” she called pout and some Russian
peasant girls clothes were brought out and put on Heather. “Wig” A wig of
horses hair was glued on top of the helmet!

“She
is ready for packaging!” The “children” ran of and came back with a large
cardboard box. Heather was lifted into it and laid down. Some cable ties were
clipped around her wrists and ankles holding her to the raised platform of the
box.   A large piece of clear
stiff cellophane was slipped over the top of the box. Heather was now a Russian
doll in a presentation box.These
“children” were very talented!

She
felt the box being lifted and heard a noise. She soon found out what it was. A
large cardboard square box was slipped over her holding the cellophane to the
bottom of the box she was laid in. Once again she was in darkness.

She
felt the box being moved and laid there wondering what was going to happen to
her next!But she was put onto the
back of a lorry and driven off. The lorry stopped and it all went quiet. Heather
had been locked in a warehouse for the night.

The
next day though, she was delivered to Marcia house. Marcia was over the moon.
The “children” had done a wonderful job of making a doll for her. She got
the delivery men to take her up to her bedroom and unpack her.

Marcia
had them sit her on an armchair. Or rather lay her at an angle on the chair!
Heathers limbs were solid! Marcia found the Allen key to release the metal rods
so she could bend Heathers limbs when she wanted to. She soon had Heather
sitting with her legs straight in front of her and her body was bent to make her
sit up on the armchair. Her arms were bent to rest on her lap. “Oh wonderful!
I shall love having my doll with me!”

Marcia
went and made some milk shake with vitamins and put a straw in the glass.
Heather drank all the glass full in no time. Marcia slid heather forward and
held a bucket under her. But Heather did not want to go. Marcia pushed her back
into place and left her there.

It
was several hours before Marcia came back. She was ready for bed.   Heather was getting bored and tried to get off of the chair, but the rods
would not bend and allow her to move!

Marcia
kissed her on the head and said goodnight. What Heather thought in her mind is
unprintable. Soon even Heather dropped off to sleep.

The
next day, Marcia told her she was going to speak to a friend of hers. He was an
eccentric engineer. Marcia fancied having her doll walk instead of just sitting
there. Heather woke up aching all over from not moving all night!

The
man turned up and Marcia explained what she wanted. The man said he had just the
thing. He was working on animated shop window models and had lots of bits and
pieces left. He would bring them over. But Marcia had to peel off the outer
layer of latex with the steel rods. Heather thought that might be her chance to
escape. But it was not to be.

He
got back and Marcia had Heather prepared. She had chained her to a door handle
so there was no chance of escape. The mad produced two thick plastic leg fronts
and two leg rears and fitted them around Heathers legs. “That is a bit of
luck, they fit perfectly!” he said as he bolted them together. Her arms had
the same treatment along with the rest of her body. Heather still had the face
mask on so she could not see what the outfit looked like from the outside.

But
it did not take long to finish putting it all together. Soon Heather stood
there, but not for long. Marcia was handed the control box and Heather started
to move. She fought it, but the micro motors were too strong. With a whirr and
clank, Heathers right leg started to move. Then her body tilted forwards. Now
her left leg moved. Her arms went up and down. Heather fought app the harder,
but she was Marcia’s prisoner now! A walking living doll! The only problem was
she could only move when Marcia had the mains powered control box plugged in.

Heather
had to think, was she better off as a naughty schoolgirl, or as this life as a
moving doll of Marcia’s?Would
she ever be found? Would she ever escape? Would Marcia tire of her and put her
back in the box and sell her? She had a new life and new problems to worry about
now.
