---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Novel Idea 3
authors:
- Tied2achair
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- bondage
- suspension
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**A Novel Idea 2**](novel_idea2.html))_

_A Novel Idea - Part
3
by Tied2achair
A Novel Idea 3 by Tied2achair
She walked down the steps with 5 six sided dice in her hand and a grin
on her face that stretched from ear to ear. She approached him with a calm
touch to his chest and a kiss on the cheek. She whispered into his ear,
“We are going to play a game my pet.” And with that she untied him from
her web and attached a pair of handcuffs to his wrists and then to the
floor, which he now lay helpless on._

_The game was simple, she had 5 dice and each had 6 numbers on them,
each number corresponded to a different part of his body for the first
round…
1 = Eyes
2 = Mouth
3= Neck
4 = Cock
5 = Butt
6 = Feet
She rolled the dice and in Las Vegas fashion rolled a 1,3,4,5,6 so he would
not be gagged or so he thought.  She then rolled the dice again and
each number represented the type of bondage that he would be in…
1= Leather
2 = Rope
3 = Silk
4 = Tape
5 = Latex
6 = Steel_

_She rolled the first die and rolled a 3, a silk scarf was tied over
his eyes and the slack was then crossed back over his front._

_She rolled the second die and rolled a 4, she thought for a second and
then proceeded to wrap about 6 layers of duct tape around his neck and
formed a posture collar in the process._

_The third roll produced a 6, she grinned evilly and produced two pairs
of handcuffs, she cuffed one cuff to the base of his cock and balls then
proceeded to cuff his hands with the other cuff._

_The fourth roll came on in and it was a 5, she sighed at the thought
of rolling a 6 and sticking a stainless steel but plug up his hole but
was happy when she remembered that she had bought a 6 inch monster of a
plug a few weeks back and with that he was plugged, the force of the plug
and the positions of his hands kept him a strange fetal position._

_The fifth and final role was a 2, and with that she made him cross his
legs and began binding him in a stringent Japanese rope bondage technique.
That left little chance for escapes._

_In the third round the total sum of the dice equaled the total number
of hours in bondage.  She rolled the 5 dice and rolled 23 hrs worth
of torture for him._

_He pleaded with her and she smiled at and said, “I’m not done yet!”
and with that she rolled again, this time she rolled a 5. She smiled and
said this roll was for what you will be placed in while you’re like this…
1 = Mummification
2 = Encasement
3 = Closet
4 = Bed
5 = Suspension
6 = Bondage Bag_

_She attached straps to his wrists and legs, then one to his neck,
these straps were then attached to ropes on a pulley system. She hit a
button and he was lifted in the air like he was floating, the pain on his
cock and balls were over whelming as the handcuffs acted as suspension
for his entire lower body.  He moaned and screamed in pain, she smiled
and said, “One last rule of this game, the mistress can add one item of
torment.” and with that she produced a ball gag popped it in his mouth.
Kissed him on the forehead and said, “Goodnight slave! Tomorrow we’ll roll
again.”_

_06.12.03_

_story continues in [**A Novel Idea**](novel_idea4.html)

o0o
