---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Wrath 1
authors:
- T S Fesseln
tags:
- M-ff
- kidnap
- bond
- tape
- gag
- rope
- nipple
- captives
- toys
- insert
- mast
- climax
- nc-reluct
- X
---

**Chapter 1**

'O-T-H-E-L-L-O'

Rachel penciled in another answer to
her crossword puzzle. Right now she should have been enjoying the
company of her husband, sharing breakfast and fighting over who would read
the morning comics first. This was to be their first morning of a
full week off for them just to enjoy themselves for once. A week
of just selfishness between her and Bill. However, some emergency
came up at Bill's law firm and he had to take a flight to Pittsburgh, leaving
her alone with a week of nothing planed and nothing to do.
Just then, the phone rang.

"Rachel?" asked the female voice at
the other end.

"Yes?"

"This is Cindy Cotrell."

"Hi Cindy," Cindy didn't sound
at all well, as if she had just been crying, "What's up?"

"Can you come over?"

"You bet. What's wrong Cindy?"

"I don't want to be bother if
you can't," Cindy sniffled, emphasizing the word 'can't'.

"Don't be silly, Cindy," Rachel
was now getting concerned. Cindy was usually a very over-gifted conversationalist,
ready to talk your ear off at a moments notice. All Rachel could
deduce was that something concerning her divorce had gotten to poor Cindy.

"Really, Rachel, please don't
bother. . ."

"It's not a problem. I have
the whole day off; the whole WEEK off for that matter. I will be
over there as soon as possible, okay?"

Cindy didn't say a thing.

"I'll be right over," and with that Rachel
hung up the phone and started to gather up her breakfast plates and putting
them in the sink. All Rachel had left to do is take a quick shower,
throw on some clothes and head over to Cindy's town house.

-oOo-

"Is your friend coming over?" asked a gravely
male voice as he hung up the receiver.

Cindy nodded. It was all that she could
do. The masked stranger had replaced her ball gag and made sure it
was strapped tightly and locked in place. Her blonde curls were all
in disarray as she looked up at him with her reddened blue eyes. To the
intruder, Cindy was a vision of loveliness. He had bound and cut
off her silk teddy, baring her nearly perfect body. Except for the
phone call he had made her do, she had been gagged the entire time; whimpering
and mewling. Now, she was tied tightly to the living room couch.
The handcuffs had used earlier to subdue her while she slept had been replaced
by rope, knotting her wrists and elbows together behind her back.
Her breasts seemed to jut out; her pale pink nipples begging for attention
as she squirmed under his gaze. He had tied her legs wide apart,
each ankle cinched to the foot of the couch, leaving her sex fully exposed
and ready to play. The intruder leaned over the couch back and began
to stroke her golden tresses.

"See, that wasn't so bad now was it?" he laughingly
asked.

Cindy began to sob again, bowing her head down
and wishing she were dead. She knew what was in store for her friend
when she arrived, but the man's threats, coupled with the huge knife that
he constantly caressed her with, forced Cindy into making that call.
She knew that Bill, Rachel's husband, was called away on business and that
her friend had decided to take the week off anyway. Now, Cindy feared,
she and Rachel would be sexual prisoners of this man for longer than she
cared to think.

"I think we will have a lot of fun, yes I do,"
the man continued, reaching down to lightly caress Cindy's nipple.

"nnnnnnnmmmmph," the bound woman cried.

The man's fingers began to trace small circles
around Cindy's erect nipple, sending little sparks of pleasure through
her, despite her predicament.

"You like that, huh?" he whispered.

"Uh-uhhhhh," she said, shaking her head.

"Oh, I think you do. Your nipples are
saying 'yes','yes'."

The intruder began to roll her nipples between
his fingers, lightly pinching them, tugging at them a bit, send more little
waves of pleasures rippling through Cindy. Cindy was confused, afraid
and horny. She shouldn't feel this way. This man was repeatedly
abusing her and soon he would be doing the same to her friend, Rachel.
However, her body was betraying her, thirsting for the attention of the
man's fingers and hands. He had yet to 'rape' her. He was still
dressed in the dark blue jeans and dark green sweeter he had assaulted
her in. And he had yet to take off his ski mask in front of her.
Several times he left the bedroom for awhile, to explore her town home,
leaving her bound. Struggling against the ropes was useless, but
Cindy continued to because to stop would mean that she had accepted her
fate.

"Now, when your friend shows, should we tell
her about you and her husband Bill?"

The man's words were like ice water running
through Cindy's veins.

"Oh, yes Cindy, I know it is just an innocent
lunch or two with your boss. You ARE his legal assistant, after all.
Spend all those LONG hours together. It COULD have happened and how
is Rachel to know it didn't, especially in your present state."

"Uggghhhh!"

The man pinched Cindy's nipples a little
harder while lightly kissing her neck, " And with your pending divorce.
. .well, I can just imagine what Rachel will be imagining when I tell her
about you and Bill."

No. This couldn't be happening.
She could never hurt Rachel that way. Never. She may have been
Rachels' husbands assistant, but that is where it ended. Rachel and
her had been good friends for several years now, since they met at one
of the firm's parties, even before she had worked with Bill. No. No. No.
This couldn't be happening.

His captive began struggling anew, trying
to wrench free of her bonds. There was nothing more lovelier than the sight
of a struggling, bound woman. Except for maybe two bound and struggling
women, he mused. And that was going to become a reality soon enough.

"I think we have time to play a bit before
Rachel arrives, now don't we, Cindy?"

"Uh-uh!" she moaned into her ball gag, shaking
her head.

"Now let's see. . .I need to get you prepared
for the next few days," the stranger smiled.

He reached down into his black leather pack
and started to rummage around. Cindy wondered what other horrible
things could he pull from that bag. The rubber ball gag forced into
her between her lips was bad enough. Her jaws ached and she continually
drooled on herself and anywhere she was set. Her mind raced at what
things the rapist might have hidden in the bulk of that pack.

"Ah, here we go, Cindy. I think
you will love these."

He held in his hands two rings, split
rings like the ones you find on key rings. Both of the rings had
a single bell-like metal cup no more than an inch in diameter.

"I have a pair of these lovely rings
for you and for Rachel when she arrives, Cindy. I think they will
look lovely on you."

Cindy looked at them questioningly.

He placed each silver cup over each of her nipples, the cold metal like
an electric shock. He then let them go and they fell between her
legs.

"Opps. I guess I will need to glue
them in place, Cindy."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Cindy wailed into
her gag as she fought her bindings with renewed vigor.

He reach down between her spread legs and retrieved
the fallen rings, gently caressing the swollen lips of her sex for a minute,
lightly tracing her pussy curves with the rings before setting them back
up into the couch back. There was a slight rustle again and then
he displayed a small plastic bottle of glue before her.

"Super glue, Soon-To-Be Miss Cotrell.
A wonder of science. Did you know it was originally developed for
surgery? This stuff is truly marvelous and nearly permanent, as we
shall soon see."

He opened the top and began to put several
large drops into the cups hollow. Cindy struggled and fought but
it was easy to pin her back into the back of the couch and place the silver
cup and ring onto her nipple. Within a few moments, he let it go
and it stayed in place, teasing her nipple with it's weight. It was
just as easy for the intruder to do the same with Cindy's other nipple.
It did not cover the whole areola, only most of it.

"See that did not hurt now did it? No
need for those tears, Cindy."

Cindy looked down at her own breasts and hated
those things.

"No, Cindy, I think you will really like them.
. ." and with that, he began to play with the rings, pulling on them gently,
twisting them slightly, sending ripple after ripple of pleasure through
her and seemingly directly into her womb.

". . .and fear them also."

The man yanked on them hard, the pain
stabbing through Cindy like two icy daggers. She screamed through
her gag.

He then let them both go.

The girl sobbed in pain, a sound that
delighted the intruder.

"Now, let me see what else in this wonderful
bag."

Cindy moaned and mewled into her gag,
shaking her head wildly.

There was no fanfare this time.
Cindy felt something wrap around her neck and she felt sure that she was
about to be strangled. But it didn't happen. The stranger just
took the wide leather collar and fastened it about her slender neck, taking
a heavy padlock and locking the collar shut.

"You look sooooo lovely in that black
leather collar, Cindy. A perfect little slave," the intruder smiled,
"But wait. . ., there's more!"

The next item the stranger produced
was a vibrator, one simular to the one he had used on her in the wee hours
of the morning, however, this one had a nub-covered 'branch' that would
push against her clitoris. This vibrator also had a ring on the back
end of it.

The intruder turned it on and began
to caress Cindy's swollen sex with it. Her pussy was nearly bare
of hair, only a small patch of brown to announce that she was not a true
blonde. The tip of the device hummed around her outer lips, making
Cindy squirm more. It was starting to make her horny
again, despite knowing she was being 'raped'. Her pleas for him to
stop were nothing but little moans.

"You do like this, Cindy, don't you?"
the man laughed.

"Uh-uhhhhhh!" his beautiful captive wailed.

"You're lying, dear Cindy, I hate liars," he
said as he shoved the dildo deep into her pussy, causing his captive to
gasp.

"I really hate liars. . . "

The man then began to slowly twist Cindy's
nipple rings, the pain ripping through her, causing her to scream with
agony.

"Now, Cindy, dear, darling, you ARE enjoying
this, aren't you?"

Cindy sobbed in pain and nodded her head
yes, yes.

He released her nipple rings, "See, I
knew it. I knew it all along. You are just a little slave slut now
aren't you?"

Cindy nodded her head again, crying,
drool coming out from around her gag.

"Now we have to get you ready for your
friend. Now let us see what else I have in my bag of tricks, shall
we.?"

Cindy's nipples ached with a dull
pain as she heard him rummaging through his pack. And even in her
pain, the hum of the vibrator was working it's magic within her.
She could feel the waves of an orgasm building within her like a tidal
wave. Building and building, slowly, very slowly.

The intruder watched Cindy
as she closed her eyes and began to rock upon the vibrator, her hips moving
to the carnal beat. The rings on her breasts began to jingle.
Her long golden curls were in such disarray around her as to almost hide
her face. Her moans were more passion than pain as she continued
to thrust her hips.

Cindy felt the stranger reach
down and begin to flick at her nipple rings, sending more of the ripples
of pleasure into the building cascade. Cindy couldn't believe her body
was betraying her like this. This man was torturing her and yet,
perhaps as an escape from the reality of what was happening, she was about
to be swallowed in the throes of pure bliss. . .

And then it happened. A crushing
tidal wave of joy, embracing her and tossing her in it's powerful currents.
Cleansing her of the pain. . .

Then Cindy slowly swam back to reality.
The guilt and horror of what just happened consumed her and she began to
sob deeply.

"There, there, Cindy," the man said,
caressing her hair out of her face, "You need not be ashamed. You
just showed me what a slut you really are. Now then enough of that.
I do need to get you ready."

Taking a length of twine, the stranger
began to thread the end through one of the nipple rings, and then the other,
looping it back and tying it off. Reaching up, he pulled Cindy forward.

"Stay" he commanded.

He then took the other end and
threaded it through the ring in the vibrator, drawing it taught before
bringing it back up and tying it to Cindy's collar.

"Now we are going to play a game
Cindy and you are going to have to listen carefully. Are you listening
carefully, Cindy?"

Cindy nodded her head slightly.

"Good. Now the object of the game is
to not pull this wonderful vibrator out of yourself. You can do this
by keeping leaned over like this. Easy. Simple, is it not Cindy?"

Cindy nodded again.

"Now the bad part of this game is that IF you
should pull this vibrator out of yourself by straightening yourself up,
I would HAVE to glue that vibrator within you with that glue I used on
your tits. Imagine the pain when I would, after awhile, have to remove
that vibrator from you. Eeeeeeee. Causes me to shiver. You
wouldn't want me to have to glue that vibrator inside you now, would you?"

Cindy shook her head, crying.

"Good. Now enjoy yourself while I prepare
for your friend."

He stepped back and looked at his handiwork.
Her arms were still bound in back of her, rope around her elbows and wrists,
both cinched tight. Her bent over form covered most of her wonderful
features, but also hid her from being seen from the front door. Rachel
would see the couch but not it's occupant until she was tightly trussed
up and ready to be toyed with as he was toying with Cindy right now.
It gave him a warm feeling just knowing what that vibrator was doing within
her. . .

He smiled and set to work.

o0o

Rachel lived about an hour away, but to Cindy, it seemed like as if she lived
on another continent. She could hear the intruder fussing about. The
clink of chains here, the rustle of something there. Every once in awhile
he would poke at Cindy's ribs, startling her and almost causing her to arc up
and pull the buzzing vibrator out of herself. As it was, it was hard to
concentrate on keeping herself bent over as she was. The humming caress of
the vibrator inside her and against her clitoris was almost to much as she
fought off her orgasms again and again. To orgasm would surly mean that
she would accidentally pull out that devilish dildo out of herself in the throes
of passion. The vibrations also traveled up the twine and to her nipples,
causing more and more little rips of pleasure. When an orgasm loomed
close, all Cindy had to remember is the man's threat and the horrid pain it
would cause. However, it was getting harder and harder to fight off the
evil pleasure that would, inevitably, engulf her.

"Ah, I see you friend driving up now in that
red Beemer of hers. Now, you be quiet, dear Cindy, or there will be a lot of pain for you. . . understand?"

Cindy nodded her head, even though she couldn't see
the man.

Then she heard the door swing open.

Rachel pulled up behind the white van that proudly
proclaiming "Pete's Plumbing: Never Sleep With A Drip Again".
Rachel thought it was a little odd that Cindy hadn't mentioned the plumber over
the phone, but she sounded really upset. Upset enough to not mention the
plumber. As Rachel climbed out of her car, she saw a tallish, dark haired
man in gray overalls, making his way over to the van.

"Howdy," he smiled as he opened the side
of the van up.

"Hello," Rachel smiled back.

"A gummed-up disposal. Be out of your
ladies' hair in a bit. Just finishing up," The man said,
grabbing an open tool box, "Just a few things to tie up."

"Okay," Rachel said as the man followed
her to the door.

The man really had to admire Rachel. Her long,
dark auburn hair fell like a waterfall down her back to her slender waist.
Her hips flared nicely, her ass was would be the envy of any centerfold, and her
legs were long and lithe. Even though she was wearing a sweatshirt and a
tight pair of jeans, he could already picture her luscious curves of her body
underneath.

"Cindy," Rachel called out, as she went
through the open door.

"I think she is upstairs, miss," the
plumber said, shutting the door.

"Thanks," she replied starting up the
stairs.

Then Rachel found herself falling on the stairs, her
arms being forced in back of her as the man fell on top of her. Hitting
the stairs, she had the wind knocked out of her as the man quickly handcuffed
Rachel's hands behind her back.

"What the fuc . . . guhhhh!" Rachel
started say as the man forced a wad of cloth into her mouth and held it there.

The brunette began to struggle underneath the
man as he reached over to his spilled toolbox for the duct tape. Even
though Rachel was in fantastic shape, the man pinning her was much larger and
stronger. With her arms and hands useless behind her back, it was a one
sided fight, bucking and throwing herself around like a fish out of water.
It made it difficult to tape her mouth shut, but he managed to do it.
Then, grabbing her kicking feet, he wrapped them together with the roll of tape.
Now she was his.

The intruder got off of Rachel and watched her
struggle in her bindings. She bucked and kicked and lashed around but her
bindings held. Her gag all but silenced Rachel to grunts and moans.
The was one other thing to do. He reached out and grabbed the leather
blindfold and locked it in place over Rachel's furious blue eyes.

"I told you, Rachel, I had a few more things to
tie up, didn't I" the man said.

"Uuhhhhhhhh!" Rachel said into her gag
angrily.

"Now let's get you to a more comfortable part
of the house. We really can't do a lot here on the stairs now can we?"

After re-donning his ski mask, the man picked
up the still struggling Rachel and dumped her unto the floor in front of Cindy,
close enough so that Cindy could raise her eyes to to see her friend, as
helpless as she was.

"Cindy, you know Rachel. After I
get done, you will really know Rachel a lot better. But first, I think we
should make her a lot more comfortable."

The first thing the man did was to sit on
Rachel's ass and begin to tape Rachel's fingers and hands together with the
silvery tape, completely enclosing them. Then, taking out that wicked
bowie knife of his, he began to cut the seams of Rachel's sweatshirt, being
careful not to cut her, though that was made difficult by the brunette's
squirmings beneath him. Soon, however, he ripped away the tatters of the
shirt.

"A bit more comfortable I think, don't
you think so, Rachel?" the man asked, smiling behind his ski mask.

A series of mmmmphs and uuuuughh from Rachel's
gagged lips answered his question as he rolled the woman onto her back, exposing
her large, dark-nippled breasts to the man.

"I don't know if Bill ever told you this,
Rachel, but you have wonderful tits."

Rachel felt him begin to play with her
nipples, rolling them and gently pulling at them, beginning them to life.
She couldn't believe this was happening to her. Where was Cindy? Who
was this plumber? Struggling was useless against him.

Then she felt something cold and hard being
pressed onto her nipple, cupping it, adhering to it. Then the same
was repeated to the other one. Rachel then felt her nipple being gently pulled
by whatever was glued onto them. He twisted them a bit and flicked at
them, making sure they were firmly attached.

"Now, let's see about getting you outta
those jeans, Rachel," he smiled.

"Uhhh-uhhh," Rachel grunted angrily
into her gag, shaking her head.

"Now don't go anywhere, darling. I
will be right back."

Rachel continued to struggle in her bonds.
Her hands were useless, encased in tape. All she could really do was flop
around. No, better to save her energy and wait for the perfect time to
escape. Rachel just imagined what was happening to Cindy right now.
Most likely, she was tied similarly to how Rachel was now.

She then felt something being set by her.

"Okay, up you go, Mrs. Newark."

Rachel felt herself being picked up and the
leaned over a what she took to be a chair, the back of it cutting into her
stomach. She then felt the man flick at those things glued to her nipples
and a slight tug forward. He continued to pull until it started to cause
some pain. To relieve the pain, Rachel leaned even further until she was
full bent over the kitchen chair. She then felt her bound feet being attached
the chair's bottom rungs.

"Now, I really don't want to cut you, Rachel,
but if you squirm to much, my knife might slip. So hold still.
Understand."

The brunette did not move a muscle.

'SMACK'

The man slapped her ass hard, send a sharp
pain through her. Rachel jumped and pulled on her tits painfully.
Painfully enough to start to cause Rachel to start to cry.

"Answer me, Rachel. Do you
understand?"

Rachel nodded her head, crying.

'Good. Now don't move."

Rachel felt the cool, steel blade slip under
her waist band and begin to cut through it. Slowly, carefully, the man
denuded her. slicing first her jeans away, and then her cotton panties.
And then, he started to cut off the tape around her ankles. But her
respite from her bondage was brief, for he replaced the tape with some leather
cuffs of some kind, locked together with a short chain. Then, to the
relief of her pained nipples, he untied them from the front of the chair.

"Now, Mrs. Newark, let's take a better
look at you."

Rachel hesitated.

"Now don't be shy, dear Rachel. . ."

'SMACK'

A burning pain shot through Rachel as she swatted
her ass again.

She slowly eased herself from the back of the chair,
straighten up.

"That is a good girl, Rachel. Now turn
around so both Cindy and I can take a good look at you."

Rachel flushed with embarrassment as she
slowly turned around, her leg cuffs hampering any quick movement. Standing
just under 5'7", Rachel was a very attractive woman and could grace any
men's magazine. Her skin was the color of bronze, the very likeness of a
Greek goddess. Her ample breasts seemed to jut out, begging for attention
and were now graced with the same nipple rings that Cindy wore. Rachel's
stomach was flat and she had a thick nest of dark curls. Her legs were
indeed long, a dancer's legs, the intruder thought to himself.

"Is she not a beautiful sight, Cindy?"

Cindy nodded. All the time the man was
cutting off Rachel's clothes, Cindy had been fighting off an orgasm. The
feelings of pleasure threatened to engulf her as she rocked her hips upon the
phallus. Her looming orgasm seemed to be building and building in strength
like a tsunami threatening to crush her at any moment. She began to moan
desperately through her gag.

"Is my Cindy ready to get off?"

"Uhhhh-hhuhhhh," the blonde nodded her
head.

"I give you my permission to have an orgasm,
dear Cindy, right here in front of your friend," he said, then whispered,
"And I will not glue that vibrator into you if happen to pull it out."

The stranger then reached down between Cindy's legs
and thrust the dildo deeper inside her.

That pushed Cindy over the brink and soon she was in
the throes of passion, pleasure washing over in wave after wave and she bucked
upon the vibrator and thus tugging upon her sore nipples. . . then she yanked
the humming vibrator out as the crest of the orgasm swallowed her.

Rachel could hear her friend's Cindy's moans
and realized that Cindy was gagged the same as she was. Cindy's moans were
not those of pain, however, they were of a passion that was building and
building until they were screams. Rachel could not believe this was
happening. . .here she was tied bound and naked and helpless, standing in front
of her friend that was in the throes of an orgasm.

Then her moans calmed down.

Cindy drifted back down from her orgasm.
The vibrator, slick with her arousal, still buzzed against her stomach.

Rachel could then hear the low sobs of her
friend behind her gag.

"Now, now, there Cindy. You
shouldn't cry. That was a wonderful orgasm. And your friend here
will be having hers in a bit, after I get you rearranged."

The intruder patted Cindy in her vulva, before
dipping his finger into her slit and caressing her pleasure swollen lips before
leaning forward and whispering into Cindy's ear, "Just enjoy." The
blonde felt his finger caress her swollen clit, his fingertip lightly touching
around her, sending new ripples of pleasure running through her body.
Cindy both craved and and dreaded the next orgasm. Then his fingers left
her as the intruder got up to pay attention to his new captive.

Rachel felt the man beside her, walking around her.
She could almost feel his eyes drinking in her curvaceous form, eyeing her with
an almost vampire-like lust. It seemed like an eternity, the all of her
senses focused on her ears as he circled around her, again and again.
Slowly, very slowly, like a jaguar in the depths of a jungle, hunting it's prey.
All Rachel could do is stand there and listen to his footsteps and hear his
breathing and the quiet moans of her friend.

And then he touched her.

His fingers stroked her auburn hair away from her
face and over her shoulder. The intruder then brushed a single fingertip
just under Rachel's nose. Immediately Rachels smelled a strong, musky
scent. . .

"That is the smell of your captive
friend, dear Rachel," he whispered into Rachel's ear.

Despite her groans of displeasure, the
intruder began the trace his fingertips all over Rachels' bared skin. They
glided over her shoulders, arms, sides, and hips. They stroked her belly
and cupped her breasts, through they did not play with her silver rings glues to
her nipples. His hand roamed down closer and closer to the soft curls of
her nest and rachel was powerless to do anything to stop them.

Then his fingers began to tickle through
curls, very gently. Rachel found herself leaning back into the stranger as
he used his fingers as a comb through her dark patch, slowly working his way
lower until he came to the slit.

A single finger began to ease itself into her.
Despite everything, Rachel was beginning to get aroused by the man's attentions
and she knew she was already starting to get wet. His finger slowly
caressed her moist slit, running up and down, send little licks of fiery
pleasure burning into her womb. She began to rock her hips, trying to get
the man's finger to go deeper into her. Her ass ground against the man and
she felt his hardness through his overalls.

Then his finger stopped and her let go of her.

Rachel wailed through her gag.

He returned his finger to her, lightly tracing
her swollen lips. She tried to move forward, to impale herself onto his
digit, but he pulled back. She took a step forward, as much as her ankle cuffs
would allow and he eased his finger into her, but only for a moment before
withdrawing again.

He teased Rachel forward, guiding her through
her lust toward the couch that held his other captive. After what seemed
like an eternity, Rachel now stood directly in front of Cindy.

"Kneel," he told Rachel.

Rachel felt him press down on her shoulders, pushing
her to kneel. It was difficult, being bound as she was, but she did it.
She sensed that Cindy was right in front of her, though she couldn't tell how
her friend was tied-up.

Cindy looked into the blindfolded and gagged
face of her friend Rachel as she knelt before her. She wished she could
say that she was sorry and explain why she had let Rachel into this trap.
The man's threats and the knife were to much for her. She then looked up
at the stranger as he grabbed a length of fine chain.

"Now you two are going to get to know
each other much better now," he grinned.

Cindy recognized the long canine choker as he
displayed it before her. He then wrapped it around her waist, then metal cold
against her belly, and threaded the one end through the large ring in the other
end and drew it tight. The man the took the loose end and tucked it in
back of Cindy's ass. The intruder then reached between the blondes' legs and
pulled the loose chain through. He then threaded the loose end into her
slit and drew the chain the chain circling her waits, making a crupper out of
the arrangement. The links rubbed against Cindy's clit, again send little waves
of bliss through her.

The intruder began to rummage through his bag
again, producing a wide, leather collar with several chrome rings on it.

Rachel felt the collar being fastened around
her neck and heard the click of the padlock locking the collar in place.
He then gently pushed Rachel forward until she felt her breasts against the
rough material of the couch. Rachel could now smell Cindy's arousal.
It seemed to fill the air as she heard the rattle of a chain and the click of
another padlock as it was fastened to Rachel's collar.

Rachel was now chained to Cindy's crupper.
If the brunette pulled back her head, the chain would rub through Cindy's tender
slit and over her clit. Both women were finding this out as they adjusted to
their new predicament.

Rachel then felt the intruder unlocking her
ankle cuffs, at least the chain that was binding them together. He pulled
at her ankle, trying to force her to open her legs while she was kneeling.
She fought as much as she could, but positioned as she was, the brunette
couldn't stop the man from spreading her legs out and attaching a pole between
her ankles. This forced her legs open, her sex displayed to the intruder's
lascivious eyes.

Gently, the man began to caress Rachel's
pussy. First, brushing at her outer lips. Then, sliding up and down
her slit and tickling at her now-swollen button. Soon, she was rocking her
hips and moaning loudly through her gag, trying to impale herself upon his
digits.

"That's it, Mrs. Newark, just enjoy.
Don't fight it. This is going to be a very looooong indenture if you
continue to fight me."

Rachel shook her head.

"I know it is hard to accept, but your
hungry little pussy is telling me how much you want this. . ." he said,
tickling her clit and send a flame of pleasure burning through her.

Then his fingers left her.

Rachel heard some fumbling around in
front of her as the intruder took the vibrator off of the string tied to Cindy's
nipple rings and began to rub it against Rachel's now puffy lips. The hum
of the phallus sent her passion roaring. As he eased it within her, she
rocked her hips back to receive it. Like Cindy, Rachel's body was betraying her.
Once the vibrator was fully inside her, the intruder playfully slapped Rachels
ass.

"Time to get things ready
upstairs, ladies. Don't go away. I am sure you two have a lot to talk
about while I'm gone."

26.05.06

story continues in [**Wrath 2**](wrath2.html)

o0o
