---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Kim''s Tail 4: Kate'
authors:
- Rubberwolf
tags:
- Machine-f
- training
- mc
- conditioning
- electro
- latex
- petgirl
- display
- reluct
- X
date: 2009-06-28 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Kim's Tail 3: Hazel**](kims_tail3.html))_

_**Chapter 4: Kate**_

_Kate stood on the landing pad watching the helicopter recede into the distance.  It had, she considered, been a busy week.  She had been surprised at some of the people who had chosen not to attend the funeral.  But then again, maybe not.  The past few days had been a media frenzy and she was glad to finally be away from the spotlight.  Jim had known and, despite being a complete bastard in life, had thrown her a lifeline after his death.  A retreat to gather her thoughts and slip away from public scrutiny.  Literally an island in a sea of sharks, or at least paparazzi.  Turning she walked towards the house as she considered what had just happened._

_She had been contacted by the solicitor just after the funeral and, within a short time, she had found herself sitting in a small room watching the last will and testament of Jim Star.  The rest of her recollections were a blur of activity, resulting in her being offloaded onto this island by Mr Prentice and his comically Barbiesque assistant, who pottered around on her five inch red heals, wearing a ridiculous mini skirted suite.  Shaking her head Kate stepped into the large, converted farmhouse, picked up her shoulder bag from the pile just inside the door and then made her way inside to see the place that she would call home for the next few weeks._

_\* \* \*_

_Kim listened intently as the noise of the helicopter receded into the distance.  She was not sure what these regular visits meant, but she did not make the same mistake as last time and kept her mouth firmly closed.  This time she listened, making out the occasional voice as the wind gusted into her compound, before the sound of the helicopter re-starting smothered all other sounds.  She had become good at listening and was getting quite good at filtering out the usual sounds of her pack.  She was able to make out the sound of the waves at the bottom of the cliff, she could distinguish between different birds.  She even fancied that she could hear the clang of a bell, but put this down to her own imagination._

_Perhaps the helicopter bought the lawyer who was searching for her.  It seemed more likely that her visitors were her jailers, coming to re-stock supplies.  Until she knew for sure she would have to be careful.  She must keep a low profile.  Shaking herself free of her thoughts, Kim returned to the job at hand, or in this case paw.  A satisfying groove had been worn into the plastic encasing her left wrist.  Having examined the progress, Kim placed her wrist against the side of the dog kennel, certain that no cameras could penetrate her little home, before starting to rub her wrist against the smooth sides of her little house._

_\* \* \*_

_Kate spent a pleasant few days jogging around the island, relaxing on the patio or swimming in the pool.  She was glad that she had bought her bathing suite, but with no witnesses, she occasionally indulged her naughty streak and bathed nude.  She was a good swimmer and used the pool to tone her muscles as she put in length after length.  Typically she would swim for fifty lengths before getting out and relaxing in the Jacuzzi._

_The island, Kate found, was an unusual mix of Jims perversions and pleasures.  She found a stables that was definitely evidence of Jims fondness for Pony girls.  He had discovered this fetish while they had been married and Kate had spent a few summer evenings dressed in rubber underwear and high heals, with a but plug tail in her ass, pulling Jim along in a cart, similar to the one in the stables.  But Jim would flit from one fancy to another.  He had, at one time, tried to get her to act as a dog.  She had tried it once and, at first it was quite fun.  But one night left naked in the yard was enough to convince her that she liked her sexual experimentation to be accompanied with central heating._

_She found other buildings with tantalizingly locked doors and, although she had made the effort to walk around them and try the doors on the other side, she could find no way in.  Occasional sounds reached her from the other side of the walls.  She heard dogs, but could not find out anything else about these mysterious buildings.  Then, on the third day, she found something new._

_Kate was exploring a new footpath that followed the base of the cliff, leading down to a small cove when, to her surprise, she found that the rock wall suddenly became a sheet of glass.  Quite a large sheet of glass in fact, fitted into the rock.  On the other side of the glass, slightly distorted by the thickness of the glass, Kate made out several fish swimming in the largest tank that she had seen outside of an aquarium.  The armoured glass had to be at least thirty feet long and fifteen feet high.  Kate was impressed and, after staring in awe at the spectacle for fifteen or twenty minutes, followed the path around the cliff, but could not find a back way into the water folly that Jim had created in one of his wilder moments.  Dejected, and with a rumbling tummy, Kate made her way along the path, eventually finding herself at the boathouse.  Shaking her head in wonder, Kate set off for the main house to get something to eat, determined to return later and solve the mystery._

_After a satisfying baked potato with cheese and salad, Kate set off along towards the boathouse.  Reaching the part where the path split towards the boat house, Kate turned right and headed along the path which ran around the island.  About five hundred yards along the path, Kate found another, smaller, footpath that branched off into the trees.  This had to be it.  Excitedly, Kate stepped onto the path and headed further into the woods._

_The sound of waves grew louder, the further along the path she wondered.  Eventually, she turned a bend and found that the path ended at a squat, brick building nestled among the trees._

_The path led to a door at the side of the building.  Turning the handle, she was surprised to find that, unlike the other doors that she had tried, this one opened. Cautiously, she stepped into the dark interior, only realising her mistake moments before the door closed with an ominous thud behind her._

_\* \* \*_

_Kim had spent a pleasant few days lounging in the sun or playing with the dogs.  She was not sure if she was being monitored, but the occasional sounds that she heard on the other side of the wall indicated that she was not alone.  She therefore made every effort to give the appearance of a contented doggy for the cameras that she was sure were watching her, returning to her kennel occasionally for what appeared to be a mid day nap.  In reality, Kim took this opportunity, as well as her evening confinement, to work on her wrist.  But at last and to her total amazement, the hard work paid off.  She had to stifle a cry of joy as, at long last, the plastic cuff gave way and she was able to pull the paw off of her hand.  She almost cried as she painfully flexed her fingers, staring in wonder at her sweaty, red hand._

_Despite her success, Kim knew that she was not out of the woods yet.  She would need to replace the glove and carry on as normal for the time being.  She still had the other glove and the shock collar to overcome yet.  However, one indulgence that she would treat herself to tonight would be to take the lower half of her costume off, unbuckle her leg restraints and flex her legs.  She prayed to god that she could straighten them and, when the time came, have enough use left in them to walk._

_\* \* \*_

_Kate cried as she was at last able to walk into the second room.  After what felt like hours of resistance, Kate found herself naked, with all of her hair removed in that infernal shower.  But that wasn’t the worst of it.  Not only was she bald, but she was now bright orange._

_“Please complete all tasks before leaving by the far door.”_

_Kate looked up and, sure enough, another door was set into the opposite wall.  The room itself was empty apart from one wall, which had a small metal tray protruding from it and a cot bed set up in the corner.  Walking closer to the tray, Kate saw that there were several small cubes deposited on one side of the tray, while the other contained a bowl of water._

_“Please eat everything in the tray,” a voice commanded._

_It was the same voice that she had heard in the shower room. Whipping her eyes with the back of her hand, Kate picked up one of the cubes and squeezed it between her fingers.  It was hard.  She held it up to her nose and sniffed.  No obvious smell suggested that this was food, but did not suggest that it wasn’t and, after a moment, placed the cube in her mouth and chewed._

_It was not her first choice of food, having a strange, subtle flavour that she could not place.  But after chewing it for a few moments, she found that it began to break up in her mouth.  Never the less, it was hard going and, after chewing vigorously, was eventually able to swallow the stuff.  If all of the cubes were this tough, Kate thought that her jaw muscles would put a weight lifters to shame by the time she finished the plate.  Experimentally, she took one of the cubes and dipped it in the water, letting it soak for several minutes before attempting to eat the next cube.  As she had hoped, the water had made it more digestible, if not adding to the flavour.  At last, after twenty minutes, her meal was finished and the tray retracted into the wall.  With nothing better to do and with no fresh input from the voice, Kate settled onto the bed to get some rest.  She had already explored all that the room had to offer and now, other than pacing around the room in an eternal circuit, she was just going to have to collect her thoughts and analyse the problem.  She had tried both doors and, just like her earlier efforts in the shower room, the doors remained stubbornly closed._

_However, after what felt like after several hours later, including a short nap, she was still no nearer to solving her problem.  At least she would not starve.  She had already consumed a second meal of the strange cubes.  They didn’t taste any better than before, although she had gotten better at swallowing them. Although she was not sure what they were, she was fairly certain that the cubes were some sort of dried meat that needed to be soaked in water, sort of like a pot noodle._

_Toilet facilities were provided by a hole in the floor in one corner of the room.  A red down light conspicuously illuminated it.  It was little more than an open drain, but it was either that or pee on the floor._

_The next few sleep periods were the same.  Wake up, eat, pace around the room for ages, eat and finally sleep.  Finally, after Kate was sure that she would die of terminal boredom, she was awoken by a beeping noise, like an alarm clock.  Staggering out of bed she noticed that a small door had opened in the wall._

_“Please pick up the collar and place it around your neck,” the voice said._

_Kate picked up the collar and examined it.  It was bright orange in colour, just like her and had some form of electrical thing inside of it.  It was made or coated with rubber, other than for metal studs on the inside.  Kate suspected what these were for.  But what choice did she have.  Whoever, or whatever had imprisoned her had complete control of her environment.  If it wanted to make her do what it wanted it could make life very uncomfortable.  The collar, she realised, would achieve the same result, her compliance, but quicker than withdrawing privileges.  After several moments considering her options and after several increasingly urgent prompts from the voice, Kate place the collar around her throat, hearing an audible click as the two halves joined._

_Another panel in the wall opened._

_“Please place the backpack on your back”, the voice demanded._

_Looking into the space, Kate found a strange, hard orange backpack.  It was smooth plastic apart from something on the side that looked like two circular fuel caps, next to the other._

_“Please place the backpack on your back,” the voice urged._

_Kate did not want to make the voice impatient, now that she was wearing a means of enforcement and so, with a little trepidation, she picked up the strange backpack and slipped the straps over her shoulders, adjusting their length and clipping another strap under her chest so that the pack was securely fastened._

_“When you hear this sound, please stand on the black dot, facing in the same direction as the arrow.”_

_A new, long, beep sounded and a black dot suddenly appeared on the floor, with an arrow pointing along the wall on the floor in front of the dot._

_“Please stand on the spot.”_

_Kate did not need to be told twice and so stood on the spot, which had been projected onto the floor from underneath a clear floor tile.  It was made from transparent plastic of some sort.  So, with her right side to the wall, facing the same direction as the arrow she stood as directed.  A section of the wall slid back and another section of wall, as high as the backpack and about six inches wide extended from the wall like a rocket gantry from an old space movie. Even though she could see its progress, she still flinched a little as the arm connected and then locked itself to the backpack._

_“Please remain in this position until you hear the tone again.”_

_Kate had little choice, as the strange rectangle did not flex in the slightest and was now attached firmly to the backpack.  The only way to move would be to remove the backpack and she was not ready to test her theory about the collar yet.  She therefore remained in position until she heard the buzzer._

_When she heard the buzzer again, the strange rectangle retracted back into the wall, hidden again as a small panel slid over the hole._

_“Thank you for your co-operation.  Please remain in the backpack until instructed otherwise,” the voice demanded._

_Kate decided to do as she was told, at least until she could think of a way out of this.  She did not know what was happening, or why the voice wanted her to do these strange things.  She had been trying to figure that out since she got here.  Jim had been weird when she was married to him.  His fantasies had started to get really disturbing.  This was obviously something from his imagination.  But Jim was dead and she wasn’t sure why this was happening now, but this was the only game in town.  Whatever was happening, she was probably going to have to ride it out until the end, whenever that is._

_The following sleep periods again progressed in a new routine.  This time, she would be woken by the dot sound and she would crawl out of bed and stand on the dot for half an hour.  She would then have breakfast and loaf about her cell for several hours.  Finally she would be fed and watered, before standing on the dot, attached to the wall and then she would be allowed to sleep, before being woken again.  At first she had difficulty sleeping, but eventually she found a position that was the least uncomfortable, given the backpacks cumbersome design.  Although it was not heavy, it was still fatiguing and the straps had begun to dig in more painfully.  Eventually, she was awoken with new instructions._

_“Please remove the backpack and place it in the slot provided.”_

_A new panel had revealed an empty space in the wall and, without any further urging, she removed the strange pack and placed it into the hole.  Shortly after a panel slid across the space, closing the hole._

_Kate was just turning away when a new panel opened._

_“Please take out the items and fit them as instructed in the video.”_

_Another panel had slid open and a large TV screen was revealed.  It appeared to show an animated woman stepping into a pair of pants.  The pants seemed to a have rope or cable snaking down from the crotch.  The ass and crotch area seemed to be quite bulky or padded.  As she watched, another panel opened in the wall.  Peering in Kate could see a pair of shorts, like the ones on the video, but they were made out of some shiny orange material.  Kate reached in and removed the garment._

_“Urgh, rubber,” she complained as she handled the strange shorts._

_The rope turned out to be rubber tubing.  That was not the only strange thing about the pants.  There were hard tube like things inside the pants.  Kate dropped the pants as though they had bitten her._

_“Urgh.  You have got to be kidding.  You expect me to wear that?  You have got to be out of your fucking mind,” she screamed at the room, whipping her hands down her legs as though she were trying to remove something foul from her hands._

_“Please fit them as instructed in the video,” the voice insisted._

_Kate had had enough.  She was not going to play any more and so she turned around and made to walk off._

_Zzzt._

_The collar delivered a sharp electric shock to her neck, forcing her to cry out and fall to the floor._

_“Please fit the items as instructed in the video,” the voice commanded._

_“Fuck you,” she spat as she again got up and attempted to walk away._

_Although she was expecting another shock, she was not expecting the severity.  Pain erupted though her brain and forced her to the floor in a quivering heap. Even after the shocks had stopped her body continued to twitch._

_“Please fit the items as instructed in the video.”_

_Kate staggered to her feet, knowing that further resistance was pointless.  Bending down she picked up the pants and, after watching the video again, stepped into the rubber garment. Fortunately, the two intruders, which were made from hollow rubber tubes, had been lubricated with something like KY jell.  The front one had a circular hole near the join in the pants.  It was obvious, now that she examined the intruders, that this was some sort of waste removal._

_Sighing with resignation, once she had pulled the pants up far enough that she could position the intruders, Kate pushed the rear and then front tubes into her holes, while pulling the pants up.  They were quite high and encased her ass all the way up to her belly button.  They were still uncomfortable.  It was like wearing a tyre._

_She walked about experimentally around before returning to the video.  As she did so, she was very aware of the strange bulge underneath the pants.  The bulge was like a chamber or bag stuck onto the bottom of her pants.  It was stiff and blew air out of the bottom tube as she moved._

_Once she had walked around, accompanied by whoopy cushion noises, she noticed that the video had changed again._

_“Please take out the new backpack and wear it as instructed.”_

_Another panel had slid open and so with a sinking feeling, Kate edged towards the new hole in the wall._

_Sure enough, another backpack was revealed.  However, this was different to the one that she had worn earlier.  It had flexible pipes sticking out of the top and converging on some sort of rubber pyramid with rubber straps dangling from it.  Confused she removed the pack and hefted it onto her shoulder.  It was heavier that the last pack.  Much heavier.  Looking at the video she noted that the strange pyramid fitted over her nose and was strapped in place by a strange head harness.  Watching closely she slid her arms into the straps and fastened the backpack in to place.  The nose mask was trickier, but eventually she had the thing strapped down tightly and found that she was able to breathe easily into the mask._

_“Please attach the next garment, as instructed.”_

_Kate walked over to the wall as another space was revealed. Reaching in she removed the strange, bulky garment.  It was massive and orange.  Examining it she noticed that it was made from neoprene.  However the outside of the garment had thousands of orange sequins attached to it, so that the whole dress shone and reflected like scales.  Also, she noticed almost straight away, the front of the garment sported a thick, pearl coloured stripe that ran for almost the entire length.  She was not sure what to make of it and so looked up to watch the video screen._

_“Oh fuck,” she swore as she watched the image playing above her._

_Kate watched in amazement as the cartoon woman pulled the front of the costume apart and stepped into it, smoothing her legs into the lower part of the garment and squeezing and contorting herself inside, so that her legs were joined into a single limb._

_Sitting on the bed, Kate pulled the front zipper apart and stepped in.  She sat on her bed and squeezed her legs together into the single opening, forcing her feet in as far as they would go so that, once she had shuffled and pulled, her legs were now a single, thick streamlined part of her body.  She no longer had feet, but now sported a large, flat, triangular tail._

_Kate stood up and tugged the garment up to her lower thighs before fitting the tube from the pants into a single opening at the front of the costume, that looked remarkably like a pussy. Once she had pulled the tube firmly onto the male fitting inside the costume, careful not to twist the tube, she pulled the thick neoprene up over her hips, all the time encouraged by the voice with helpful comments or advice._

_The back of the costume sported a large hump, complete with a tall orange fin.  She wrestled with this until the garment covered the backpack, which she now suspected of being some form of air tank.  She found that there was a rectangular hole in the pack that corresponded with the place usually covered by the bit of wall that had attached itself to her old pack when she stood on the spot.  She wasn’t sure what it was for, but a growing sense of dread started her arms shaking as she nervously continued to dress._

_At last the garment was over her shoulders.  Watching the video, she saw the animated woman pulling the rubber hood over her head.  Kate had little choice and she knew it.  Further resistance would result in more shocks and so she struggled to pull the hood over her head so that it covered her head all the way down, over her nose.  Mirrored glass domes were fitted to the front of the mask, so that she could see out.  She watched the video as the cartoon manoeuvred the  bottom of the mask under her top lip.  Struggling with the tightness of the rubber that formed the bottom of the neoprene mask, Kate was eventually able to pull the mask down and fit it to her head in the same manner as the video, being careful to attach an air hose, from the air tank into the suit itself.  This would pump air into buoyancy chambers within the suit, as well as circulate air into the eye compartments._

_The video showed the woman, now dressed as a large goldfish, slip her arms inside the garment and push her lower arms into two fins that would be level with her waist.  This took some doing, but eventually she was able to push her hands and lower arms into the fins, which stuck comically out of the front of her costume.  Kate was reminded of a childhood game, where her brothers would pretend to be Daleks, strutting about their garden with their arms held in a similar position at their waists, pointed straight ahead and accompanied by shrill cries of:_

_“Exterminate.  Exterminate.”_

_To her surprise she found that, rather than the muffled mumbling she expected to hear, the voice was now louder than ever.  Kate realised that the costume must have some sort of built in headphones._

_Another bed like structure slid out of the wall.  It was rounded and suggested that, if she were to lay on her front, she would be adequately supported.  A central channel, a few inches wide, ran the length of this bed.  Sure enough the video, prompted by the voice, demanded that she lay face down on the bed.  This was easier said than done and Kate had to hop over, before turning around and sitting down.  She then lay on her side before lifting her tail up and shuffling herself onto her front.  At last she was in position._

_Almost immediately she felt something grab the zipper and pull it up the garment until it was pulled snugly up her neck, just under her chin.  The garment had been tight before.  But now it was so tight that it clamped her upper arms firmly to her sides.  She doubted that she would be able to move them away from her body, much less managed to pull her arms out of their fins.  She then felt something else follow the same path as the zipper up her body.  She didn’t know it yet, but this was a wide strip of neoprene that was now attached by wet suite repair glue, to the front of her costume, covering the zipper._

_She lay there, motionless for an age before she was snapped out of her worried musings by the voice in her earphones._

_“Shortly, this chamber will fill with water.  You have been given all of the skills that you will need to survive in you new environment.  The backpack is, in fact, a closed circuit electronic re-breather.  It is the only thing that will stop you from drowning.  When you hear the tone in your headphones, swim to the same spot as before so that your air and scrubbers can be recharged.  Failure to do so may result in your death.  Hand pumps have been built into your costume, where your hands are, so that you may pump air into buoyancy chambers within the costume.  To increase your buoyancy, squeeze your right hand together until you are satisfied with your depth.  To decrease your buoyancy, you may flood the flotation chambers by squeezing your left hand.  You may still use the corner to expel waste.  In order to clear out your waste disposal pipes you will need to squeeze your buttocks together.  This will force water to purge the pipes and your ass and pussy of any remaining waste matter.  Water is circulated throughout the chamber, so try to position yourself over the out pipe in the corner of the room, which is lit in red.”_

_This message was then repeated on a loop as water suddenly started to pour into the chamber from holes in the ceiling.  Kate panicked as the water rose higher, shaking her head and thrashing about in order to keep her head above water for as long as possible, just like the floundering fish that she had become. But this was futile and soon she was covered completely.  Kate floated off of the bench with the water and continued to rise, as the level grew higher.  At last the room was full of water.  Kate was relieved to find that she could breath through her nose.  Experimentally she squeezed her left hand and was relieved to find that, after several pumps, she began to sink.   Pumping her right hand, with some experimentation, she found a point where she neither floated nor sank._

_Kate was not sure how long she spent learning to swim around in the room.  When the tone sounded she found that she was able to position herself with little difficulty over the spot, pumping her ass and legs up and down in a very undignified manner that, none the less, moved the massive tail and propelled her through the water, guided by her fin arms.  This spot was not in the same place as the old.  The rectangle that detached itself from the wall to replenish her air and filter was designed to join a horizontal backpack.  Even so, this presented little difficulty.  After all, her life depended upon her getting it right._

_Occasionally, food chunks would be dropped from the ceiling and she would have to swim to intercept the cubes as they expanded with water and sunk. She, by necessity, became quite adept at intercepting the chunks before they floated to the bottom.  The hood, that formed the fish head, was pointed and aerodynamic, which made swimming easier._

_At last, after an eternity, the second door slid open and she swam though it into the next chamber.  It was large.  Huge.  It seemed to be the inside of a hollowed out cave, lit with soft lights.  She noted that green and red coloured lights had been used to highlight certain areas and, just like her cell, she assumed that these were air and waste stations.  She could make out the tell tail silver of pipes and boxes attached to the roof of a cave.  There was even a circle of waves, which may form a small pool at the top.  She would investigate, that later._

_However, two things struggled for her attention at once.  Firstly, she was not alone.  Large fish swam around the interior of the tank.  She thought they were cod.  There may have been skate as well on the bottom.  But the most impressive thing in this chamber was the large glass wall dominating the wall farthest from the door that she had emerged from.  She swam over to it and peered out at the ocean scene beyond.  She could see the cove that she had visited earlier.  She also noted the small path, just on the other side of the glass, that she had followed around to the boathouse.  She was in the fish tank that had captured her interest when she had first come to the island.  She was an exhibit in Jims Stars impressive aquarium._

_She would have cried, but she had shed all of her tears.  Turning from the glass, she swam back into the cave to explore her new world._

_You can also leave feedback to the author on the [bound forum](http://www.boundforum.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=8280)
