---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Motel Room Meeting 3
authors:
- Ralph
tags:
- Sbm
- FFF/m
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-01-24 00:00:00
---

Motel Room Meeting, Part 3 by Ralph

**Saturday Morning**

I didn’t sleep much. 
The couch was big enough, and the women had given me a blanket and
pillow, but the shackle holding my ankle to the leg of the couch woke me each
time I tried to roll over.  The
women knew I wouldn’t be going anywhere, but it made me more helpless. 
I was also wondering what the day ahead would hold for me. 
So far I’d only been retied, forced (if it was force) to satisfy
three women with only my mouth, whipped, had a probe in my ass, and ridden
like a bronco.  I still had more
toys and I’m sure at least Julie did as well.

Sunlight was just beginning to glow around the heavy
curtains when Julie got up and made herself a cup of coffee. 
When she noticed I was awake, she did a sensual strip tease for me,
smiling at how my cock sprang to attention as she peeled off her t-shirt and
thong, and sat down on one of the stools near the dining countertop. 
By the time her coffee was finished, the other women were awake and
moving around.  Julie got up and
went to get her shower, providing me a wonderful show as she walked. 

Since we were now all awake, Fran opened the curtains to
let the sunlight flood my third floor room. 
Lots of light, and nobody could see in. 
Within minutes, my shackle was removed and my hands were tied behind my
back.  My ankles were tied to
opposite legs of the couch, holding my legs wide apart. 
Barb, who seemed to be a fast learner, brought over my figure-8 cock
and ball harness and she and Fran fastened it at the tightest setting. 
Not completely satisfied yet, Barb got my homemade bit gag and put it
on me.  The gag was made from a 1
inch dowel and a dog collar that had been cut in half. 
Each end of the dowel was screwed onto a cut end of the collar. 
Once the buckle was in place, it was very effective. 

All I could do now was watch Fran and Barb. 
Barb wore a pink baby doll that seemed to squeeze out her full breasts. 
She was sorting through my collection of bondage gear. 
Fran was setting the countertop for breakfast. 
She wore a white t-shirt over white briefs and I felt certain she
reached up and bent over more than she had to just to show me her ass cheeks
and the soft mound between her legs. 

Barb walked up to me holding one of my vibrators. 
She quickly slipped out of her baby doll and climbed onto the couch,
stradded my legs, and pressed herself against my chest. 
As my erection grew, the straps on the cock and ball harness seemed to
stretch my balls even farther apart.  She
removed my gag and simply said, “I’m hot!” before swallowing my mouth in
hers.

Our tongues danced together as she moved against me. 
I could feel her nipples press into my chest and felt her hot wetness
just at the tip of my cock.  Her
juices flowed down my shaft, but I couldn’t move to get any deeper with my
legs spread as they were.  She
seemed to really enjoy my helplessness.  She
gave a long suck on my lower lip, then stood up and turned around.  
As she bent over, her wet slit was just inches from my face. 

“Come on, you can reach it. 
I want your tongue all the way inside me.” 
It took some effort, but I managed to lean forward until I could oblige
and began working on her sex box with my mouth. 
Streams of her juice ran down my chin, neck, and chest as her
excitement grew.  Barb put her
hands on my thighs and pressed herself against my face as she bucked her hips
and came.  She was barely over that
orgasm when she turned around and held the vibrator in front of my face. 
With a quick spin she had turned it on and moved the base toward my
mouth.

“You just hold this for me until I take it back,” she
said.  Her voice was husky and I
saw that her chest was flushed.  Lifting
one leg onto the back of the couch, Barb got on top of vibrator and lowered
herself onto it.  My head was
tilted back as I watched the shaft disappear into her and then reappear as she
pumped it.  She was exceptionally
wet and her juices flowed down the shaft and between my parted teeth, filling
my mouth once again with the taste of her womanhood. 
She came two more times before she finally slowed and eased herself
back off the vibrator.  Barb
removed the base from my mouth and pressed in the head and shaft, slowly
pumping my mouth with it.  I really
didn’t enjoy this very much, but couldn’t do anything about it.

Once her breathing had returned to normal, Barb backed
off the couch and walked away.  She
paused to look at Fran and said, “Now THAT’S how I wish I could start
every day.”  Then she went on
around the corner and soon I heard the shower running. 
I looked down at my chest, shining with Barb’s cum, and thought how I
could use a shower myself.

Barb was dressed by the time Fran returned with two bags. 
One was a paper shopping bag that held our breakfast. 
The other was an overnight bag.  Breakfast
turned out to be egg and cheese sandwiches from a fast food place. 
Each of the women had a small glass of juice, but I was provided with
juice in a shallow bowl.  My legs
were untied from the couch and retied to a stool at the counter. 
My hands were left tied behind me and the cock and ball harness was
still in place. 

After much effort, and laughs from the women as they
watched, I managed to eat my breakfast and drink my juice. 
Then I was untied from the stool, the cock and ball harness was
removed, and Fran led me to the bathroom. 
She explained that since she was the one I originally invited over, she
had the honor of showering with me.  She
certainly knew how to tease a man, rubbing long and sensuously over every
sensitive part of my body.  Then I
had to stand back and watch while she washed herself, giving me a show that
left me hard and wishing my hands weren’t tied. 

Fran got dressed in a t-shirt and short skirt, with
nothing underneath, but I was left naked. 
My collar was put back around my neck and a belt was passed around my
waist, pulled tight, and buckled.  Julie
wound some rope around my balls and cock, passing the loose ends between my
ass cheeks, over the belt, and around me wrists. 
Once tied, I realized if I moved my hands, I tugged the rope and pulled
on my balls myself.  Julie had put
on shoes with 4 inch heels and was now slightly taller than me. 
She gave me a wicked smile, patted the head of my cock, and pulled me
against her.  Her lips covered mine
as she moved her hips against my cock, just about driving me crazy. 
She pulled back to look me in the eyes and said, “We have such a
surprise in store for you.”

She turned me around and I saw that Fran and Barb had set
up a Sybian.  “It’s mine, and I
so enjoy my time with it,” Julie was saying. 
“I wanted to share it with you, so I stopped home and picked it up
while I was out getting breakfast.  And
look what we found here.”

Julie turned me around again and I saw Barb setting up my
computer and webcam.  Barb was
really excited and was setting the camera so it was aimed at the Sybian. 
Suddenly I had a very bad feeling about where things were headed. 
I wanted to protest, but then saw Fran approach with my homemade
dribble gag. 

“I really love your imagination,” Julie was saying. 
“A practice golf ball with pieces cut out to connect holes on
opposite sides, then a dog collar passed through the gaps. 
You must really like this to have put in so much effort.”

In seconds the ball was in my mouth and the strap
buckled.  I was led to the Sybian
as Barb slipped a condom, coated with large amounts of lubricant, over the
shaft sticking up from it.  I was
turned, pushed to a kneeling position, and pressed down onto the device. 
I felt it inching its way into me until my balls were laying on the
crest of the curve.  Then a belt
was strapped around each leg, holding my thighs to my ankles and making it
almost impossible to get myself off.  I
tested swaying to the side, but found I needed to swing my arms, which pulled
on my balls.  I was stuck here
until the women released me.

I was already drooling by the time Julie picked up the
controls and explained she had modified it slightly. 
The controller was wired into a randomizer she had had an
electronically gifted boyfriend build for her.  With
a mischievous smile, she pressed a button and set the controller on the floor
right in front of me, but completely beyond my reach. 
I immediately felt the insert begin to rotate and vibrate in my ass. 
My attention was more focused, however, on the base of the insert,
which was vibrating against my balls.  Held
in place and stretched as they were, the stimulation had its effect on me.

“What is this?”  Barb
was holding up an item with a shiny metal chain. 
I groaned.

“Those are nipple clamps,” Julie explained. 
“Let me show you how they work.”

She passed the chain through the ring in front of my
collar, teased my nipples til they were firm, then attached the clamps without
hesitation.  As usual, there was an
intense stinging, but then if faded to a dull throb. 
I gazed at the lens of my web cam, pointed directly at me.

Fran was at my computer. 
“Ok, the private chat is set up and invitations have been sent. 
How’s this for a grabber, ‘Live abuse of male slave.’ 
So far I’ve only sent it out to our friends, but maybe later we can
open it up to the web.”  She gave
me a wicked grin.  “And just so
you don’t complain too much, we’ll try to screen it so only women are
watching.”

I hadn’t planned on this, but I supposed if they
didn’t get too crazy it would be all right. 
Then two things happened at once.  The
sybian kicked into a higher frenzy of vibration and there was a knock at the
door.  “Housekeeping.” 
Julie was closest to the door, so she hurried to answer. 
On the computer screen I could see a small image of myself, riding the
sybian, chin and chest shining with my drool, and with the higher vibrations
on my balls my cock was standing straight up.

Julie walked past me, carrying an armful of towels, and
headed for the bathroom.  I saw a
reflection in the glass on a wall hanging and turned to look at the door. 
It was closed, but the housekeeper was standing inside, smiling as she
looked at me.  Julie carried the
used towels over to her and they whispered something. 
Julie went to the overnight bag she’d brought in this morning and
pulled out a leather flogger.  She
stood in front of me, smiled at the housekeeper, and began using it on my
chest, arms, and back.  The most
painful part was when she caught a nipple clamp and pulled it loose. 
At about the same time the sybian went to high speed on vibrate and
rotate.  I knew I wouldn’t cum,
but the sensations were holding me near the edge. 

After a while Julie stopped flogging me and walked back
to the housekeeper.  They whispered
for a while, then the housekeeper took the used towels and left. 
She stood in front of me again, this time holding a vibrator. 
My gag was removed and the vibrator was turned on and placed between my
teeth.  Now I was vibrating in my
head and in my ass.  Julie shed her
clothes, tossing them aside, then moved toward me, swallowing the vibe between
her pussy lips.  As she kept moving
forward it forced my head back until I was looking almost straight up. 
She must have been really hot because she came almost immediately, then
kept riding the vibrator until she came two more times. 
It was fascinating to watch from between her legs, but my neck was
getting sore.

When she got off, she pulled the vibrator from my mouth
and replaced my dribble gag.  I
looked at the computer when I could and saw myself with my chin covered with
drool and Julies juices.  I could
also see her tight, shapely ass and wondered if they were really netcasting. 
Maybe Julie didn’t mind showing off her body. 
She reached over my shoulder and pulled up on my arms. 
This tightened the rope to my balls and pressed them harder onto the
vibrating pad.  For a moment I
thought I might come, but then the whole thing went to a slower speed. 
I had no idea how long I’d been on the device, but it didn’t look
like I’d be getting off any time soon.

Julie looked over at Fran and Barb. 
“I need a rest.  You can
take a turn now.”

Julie laid down on the bed, still completely nude. 
Fran was at the desk in her T-shirt and short skirt, legs spread. 
Barb was sitting at the edge of the bed with my bondage gear looking
over my supplies.  She had shed
most of her clothes at some point and now wore only white briefs. 
When her legs parted I could see a large wet area. 

“I think maybe we’ll just watch and let him squirm
for a while,” Fran said.  “Oh,
look, another person wants to join the webcast.” 
She hit a key and I saw a fifth entry on the visitor’s section. 
I had to admit I was live and Julie had shown her body along with mine. 
Still, I was the one strapped down on a sybian.

It suddenly kicked into a higher level of stimulation
again.  Without thinking I groaned
and bent forward.  That pulled the
rope to my balls, pressing them down on the vibrating pad, causing me to groan
again.  As I straightened up again,
the drool that had escaped through the dribble gag swung back onto me in a
long string.  I looked for a clock,
but they were all turned away from me.  It
had to still be morning.  This was
going to be a long day for me.

[story continues in part four](motel_room_meeting4.html)
