---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Campus Demonstration
authors:
- CJ
tags:
- M-f
- bondage
- reluct
- X
date: 2002-06-25 00:00:00
---

8
8
Campus Demonstration
by CJ
8

Sue was an activist who always
stood for third world rights, fair trade, debt reduction, and the sharing
of the world's wealth with the poor people of the third world.  She
had participated in all the recent demonstrations around town, but after
she was frustrated that most of the demonstrations received little or no
coverage from the media.  She felt the third world cause was being
ignored and that bothered her.  One day she was discussing this problem
with two college buddies, Jim and Bob.  Bob said that a whole new
approach was needed to bring attention to the plight of the poor, something
that would attract a crowd.  The common demonstration never attracts
people; in fact many try to avoid them.

Jim said "you need something
that will draw people in, turn heads, something original, that they have
never seen before.  But it has to somehow connect itself to the hopeless
financial bondage the first world is imposing on the third world."

Sue said, "Ooo, that term
'bondage' conjures up all kind of images.  Slaves being forced into
labor, entrapment in a system that won't let you out."

"It's like somebody tied
the hands of the third world and won't even let them try to escape themselves"
said Jim.

"That's it!" cried Sue. 
"The image of bondage, if we can use the image of being tied up to illustrate
the situation of bondage the third world is caught in right now, that would
get attention."

Bob, not being very enthusiastic
said "So what do we do, handcuff a mannequin on lower campus.  That
won't draw attention."

"No" said Sue, "Use a real
person and in the middle of campus tie them up in really tight bondage. 
I'll bet my GPA that it will draw a crowd in minutes."

"And who are you going to
tie up?" asked Bob.

"Don't look at me" said Jim
in a flash.

"This is a great idea, what
a crowd this will get!" replied Sue.  "I want to be tied up and I
want you guys to do it.  What do you say?"

"I've never done this before,
let alone in public." said Bob.

"Come on how hard can it
be?" asked Sue.  "I just want you to tie me up and the tighter the
better, the third world is hurting this image should hurt too.  People
should cringe at the thought of what we are doing to the poor of this world. 
Oh this will be great!  Are you in with me?"

"OK" said Jim and Bob, "if
you're willing to do it, then we'll help.  Should we rehearse this
first?"

"Hell no!  Spontaneity
will make it more effective.  Even I won't know what to expect. 
How about next Wednesday at noon in the middle of campus?"

"Ah, I guess it's OK" said
Bob.

"Great!" said Sue. 
"I got to get to class now.  Be sure to come with plenty of rope,
I want this to be real!  It can't look fake.  Wow this will surely
draw attention." And she headed off to class.

"This will be fun to research."
Jim said with a grin.  "The internet will surely have some good ideas." 
And he headed off to the computer lab.

Next Wednesday the three
met up at about 11:45.  You could tell that Sue was really excited
about this.  "are you guys ready?" she asked.

Bob started saying "We decided
to do something called Japanese bondage." and he began to take a knotted
length of rope out of a rather large knapsack.

"spare me any details, I
might want to back out.  Is it going to be tight and restrictive?"
she asked.

"Sure, but I should explain..."

"Spare me the details, it's
better that I don't know.  I'm wearing my string bikini so the maximum
skin shows against the ropes."  Sue wasn't your perfect model with
a little bulge at the belly, but she had big firm breasts.  The bikini
top looked very sexy. 
"Do you think this will
attract guys?" Sue said unzipping her sweat top.

"I'm sure it will" said Jim.

"Well, let's get going before
I come to my senses" urged Sue.

In the middle of campus there
was a large meadow with one lone tree in the middle.  Many students
sat under the shade of the tree since it was a warm sunny day.  Sue
marched under the tree and immediately whipped off her shoes and sweat
suit and began her unprepared speech.

"Your attention please."
When the guys spotted the sexy bikini she had their attention.  "We
want to draw your attention to the plight of the third world poor how they
are quite literally held in bondage by the developed countries.  We're
are going to demonstrate a very graphic image of that bondage.  Before
we get started I want everyone to know that this demonstration was my idea
and I submit myself to this of my own free will.  OK Bob let's get
started."

Bob approached her with a
30-foot length of rope doubled over with 5 knots near the loop at the middle
of the rope.  "Pass this behind your top and over your head."

Sue wasn't sure what he meant. 
She took the loop, slid it under her bikini, through the deep cleavage
between her breasts and looped it over her head.  "Like this?" she
asked.

Bob nodded approval and took
the two ends and passed them between her legs and passed them through the
loop formed at the middle of the rope.  The doubled rope traced a
line down the middle of her body with the 5 knots spread out from between
her breasts to below her belly button.  Bob and Jim each took an end
of the rope around Sue and looped around the rope above the first knot
and back around to her back where they tied them together.  They then
brought the ropes around her from both directions and looped the middle
rope between the first and second know and pulling them both tight behind
her.  They continued this binding between each knot down her body. 
Each time the rope wrapped around her it was pulled tight into her flesh. 
Around her slightly plump belly the ropes sunk in particularly deep. 
In the end the ropes formed a diamond pattern down her front.

As Jim and Bob were finishing
off Sue began to explain what was going on, ad libbing as she went. 
"We are trying to bring attention to the bondage situation we impose on
the people of the third world.  First with our rules on the money
we loan them we begin to restrict what they can do.  This is already
uncomfortable just as the poor of this world are uncomfortable with their
debt load."

Next Jim whispered to Sue
that the next step would probably hurt.  Sue quickly said  "Just
do it."  Jim took a short length of rope, tied it around her right
arm, just above her elbow, pulled it behind Sue and proceeded to tie her
arms behind her back at the elbows pulling really tight to bring the elbows
to touch in the middle of her back.  Sue had taken some gymnastics
so she was quite flexible, but this was a strain even for her.

Her explanation continued,
"After making it uncomfortable for the poor we then tie their arms with
high interest rates making it almost impossible for them to do anything." 
While saying this she made feeble attempts to move her hands behind her
back.
Bob took over now and tied
her wrists together too and then he wrapped a rope tightly around her belly
holding her hands snugly in the small of her back.

A real crowd was forming
now to see this scantly clothed woman being subjected to very tight bondage. 
One guy from the crowd called out "She can still walk."  To that Sue
responded "After we make it impossible for the third world countries to
help themselves in their own countries, we restrict their movement too. 
Tie my legs up now."

Bill started tying a rope
around Sue's legs just above her knees.  After he had wrapped the
rope around a half dozen times, he passed the cord between her legs and
cinched the ropes even tighter between her legs.  "It doesn't have
to be that tight." Sue whispered to Bill.

"Nobody is going to say that
this is not real" replied Bill.

Another heckler from the
crowd said "She can still walk a bit."  And Sue proved that by taking
a few short steps.

Jim moved in to completely
immobilize her by tying her ankles together.  As Jim finished the
last knot Sue started again, "Today's demonstration was to graphically
show all of you the terrible situation we have forced upon the poorest
of the third world."

"We've probably shut them
up too!" yelled a heckler.

"That's right." said Sue,
"we've made it impossible for them to be heard on this side of the world."

"If you want to play the
part then we should shut you up too." cried the heckler.  And others
joined in chanting "shut her up!"
The three of them were caught
up by the crowd who were now controlling them.  Someone tossed a bandana
at them and yelled "GAG her!"  If Bill hadn't followed the order,
someone else probably would have, so he picked up the bandana and tied
it around her head gagging her.  The most she could do now was mumble. 
Fear showed in her eyes as she began to realize she had lost control of
the crowd and the situation.  With every limb wrapped tightly in rope
and now gagged in the middle of a crowd of at least 150, she knew she was
at the mercy of the crowd that was quickly going crazy.

Bill tried to move in on
Sue to untie her saying "That's the end of today's demonstration" but the
crowd had other thoughts.
"Don't African women go
around topless?" called out someone from the middle of the crowd. 
In a second a half dozen guys were around Sue pulling at her string bikini. 
With all the rope used on Sue, hardly any touched her bikini top. 
(Remember, the first rope went under her bikini.)  Once the strings
across her back and around her neck were untied, the small piece of cloth
almost fell off.

In the frenzy Sue lost her
balance and fell to the ground.  The crowd cried out "We can't see
her.  Hold her up"  A couple of big guys thought the crowd was
saying "Hang her up", so they took one of the last pieces of rope, wrapped
it around the ankle ropes, tossed the other end over a branch and proceeded
to hang her upside down from the tree.  The crowd was screaming!
As she was hoisted up a
freshman from the crowd took two alligator clips used in electronics labs
and clamped them to her swollen nipples.  No scream was heard because
of the gag.

During this time Bob had
run off to the campus Security and quickly told them the whole story. 
Security arrived in two cars to see Sue swinging upside down being slapped
by anyone who was in reach.  By this point she was blindfolded too
so she couldn't see anyone who was torturing her.  As she swung around
some fellows grabbed at the wires hanging off the alligator clips attached
to her nipples.  Though Sue couldn't see she certainly felt her nipples
being stretched 4 or 5 inches off her breasts.

With lights flashing and
horns blasting Security drove right into the middle of the crowd. 
At the sight of the police the crowd dispersed quickly leaving only the
police, Bill and Sue swinging upside down from her tether.  As Security
tried to untie the rope that was holding her suspended, Bill went to her
and removed the blindfold and gag.  The first thing Sue said was "get
the clips off".  Bill instinctively grabbed the wires and tried to
pull them off, stretching her nipples one last time only this time Sue
watched in horror as her breasts stretched out of shape one last time. 
Bill let go of the wires and went for the jaws of the clamps instead to
release their grip on Sue.  As Bill removed the clamps he stumbled
all over his words trying to apologize for what had happened.  Through
his babbling Sue smiled and said "What a rush!"  She had actually
got an incredible thrill from the whole ordeal.

As Security lowered her to
the ground Sue said jokingly "I don't think our message got through very
well."

As she lay on the ground
still trussed up with all the ropes, a photographer from the student newspaper
came running up.  Breathless, he tried to quickly snap some pictures
of Sue lying on the ground.  He was swearing at himself for not getting
there in time and he began to walk away.  Sue called out "Wait, stop! 
The whole campus should see exactly what happened here today.  Hang
me up again!"

The guards said "Are you
crazy?!"

Sue determinedly said "This
must be shown in all its detail and those involved shamed for what they
did.  We will never catch them, so let's lay the guilt on instead. 
Hang me up, blindfold me, gag me and even put the alligator clips back
on.  Everyone must see it all, but put the clips on only at the end
please."

So Sue was blindfolded and
gagged, hoisted back up upside-down and at the last minute the clips were
fastened onto her nipples.  This photographer seemed to take forever
getting the right angles, but it was really only a few minutes.  When
he was satisfied they lowered her again to the ground.  She was trying
to speak through the gag so Bill worked to remove the gag for the second
time.  Calmly Sue said, "Bill dear, Try as I may, I can't get used
to the alligator clips digging into my boobs, can you remove them please."
