---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/becarefulwhatyouwishfor2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Be Careful What You Wish For 2
authors:
- Anne Woolsey
tags:
- FF/f
- captive
- bond
- rope
- gag
- tease
- torment
- susp
- toys
- hum
- discovery
- oral
- climax
- nc
- X
date: 2011-07-31 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Be Careful What You Wish For!**](becarefulwhatyouwishfor.html))

Part 2: Oops

I came awake with a jolt! Rivulets of water ran down my face and onto my chest. It was freakin’ cold water!

What the fuck?

I quickly realized that I was naked and tied tightly to a straight-back chair! Oh yeah, and my lower face was wrapped with something, probably CoFlex. There was no packing, which was nice of her; no need to choke someone while she was out. A dispassionate side of my brain assessed the bondage and found it to be excellent, but the main branch was appalled at this turn of events!

Then it all began to come back!

Stalking and taking Samantha; tying her; kissing her; everything, right up until a nagging tidbit about struggling against a choke hold.

I shook my head and blinked my eyes rapidly to rid them of the dripping water and to help clear my head. When I finally focused, my eyes fell upon a woman sitting in a chair right in front of me. The chair was turned around with the back to me and she was resting her arms on the back studying me. I stared back and saw a stunning Asian woman. She reminded me of that actress, Lucy Liu! I was a big Lucy Liu fan… loved her in Shanghai Moon! The source of the water, I assumed, was the small sauce pan dangling from her right hand.

She stirred when she saw I was more or less conscious, placed the pan on the nearby table and rose from the chair.

“I am Kaitlynn Lee. Samantha and I are in relationship!” Well, that cleared that up! She walked around behind me and continued talking.

“I want to know who you are and why you are here.” She spoke matter-of-factly, like a person who always got what she wanted. She reappeared on my left and leaned against the table, her arms folded across her chest.

I turned my head and looked her over. My impression that she was stunning was confirmed. Long and silky straight black hair cascaded over her shoulder extending almost to her waist. She wore a tailored black pantsuit that fit her exceptionally well and an off-white silk blouse open enough to reveal an intriguing cleavage. In her heels, she was probably 5 foot 6 inches or so, certainly no more, but she projected as larger than that! No make-up and she really didn’t need it because her skin was flawless!

“We can do this in civilized manner… or not! It is entirely up to you!” She spoke with an uninflected, unaccented voice that suggested several degrees of higher learning. “We’ve been through your things and couldn’t find any identification. You seem to be off-the-grid and that intrigues me greatly!”

When I am playing with my toys, I never bring i.d. Prior to taking Samantha, I had placed my i.d. in a storage locker at a bus station near the hotel. The locker key went into my hightops under the insole. I had told the concierge that I might be traveling for a few days and that I wanted to keep my room until I returned. A generous cash bonus ensured that she would follow my wishes!

It was intriguing that this woman would take the time to restrain me and try and identify me. Normally, under the circumstances I was caught in, a person would call the cops! I decided that I must have intruded on a mistress/slave relationship and Kaitlynn was the pissed off mistress!

I cursed myself again for moving so fast on Sam; I had been sloppy throughout and this was the inevitable result. By letting lust rule my head, I had made mistakes and now, this!

I had never heard of a Kaitlynn Lee! She was probably just a local gal with an interest and itch for doling out bondage and discipline. She certainly had good taste, if Sam was any indication! And the manner and tightness of my present bondage also indicated some talent at restraint!

So! I had a choice to make! I could come clean and tell this woman everything or I could play it cozy and test her to see what she really had! I did not think I was in any mortal danger. I was confident that nothing she could do would actually ‘force’ me to tell her anything!

You see, there was also a ‘professional’ curiosity aspect to this! Back when I first got into this, I was a sub and experienced bdsm administered by some of the best in the business. Gradually, I had come to realize that I preferred to be on the giving end and used the lessons learned at the hands of the masters and mistresses that had played with me to hone my ‘craft’ until I was rightly proud of my prowess. I had a reputation and a certain mystique in the circles I traveled in, well deserved and earned. Several years ago, I had branched out and begun to bring my talents to the unsuspecting vanilla world, but I still kept my hand in with special clients.

Unless she was extraordinarily good at this, she couldn’t hold a candle to what I had already experienced. And perhaps there was also the latent masochist feeling that maybe I should be punished for my sloppiness!

So, decision made! Kaitlynn Lee would have to work to find out anything!

She pushed off the table, reached out and roughly unrolled the bandage sealing my mouth.

She squeezed my cheeks with a surprisingly strong grip and tilted my face up. Her fingers dug painfully into my cheeks.

“Let’s start with something easy! What’s your name?” She let go of my face and stood back, eyebrows raised in an expectant expression. I had to flex my jaw muscles to get it to work properly.

“Fuck you!”

Smirking, “That’s your name?”

“No!” I said, drawing the word out. “Fuck you… I’m not going to tell you my name! Or anything else for that matter! ”

“Mmmm, wrong answer!” She twisted my right nipple. I winced, but managed to keep quiet. “I can see this is going to be a project!’ She sighed. “OK, uncivilized it is!”

I watched as she reached under her skirt and slid down her panties, kicking them free. She picked them up, balled them and held them against my mouth. Of course, I wouldn’t let her just put them in, so she pinched my nose and covered my mouth with her hand until oxygen deprivation made me acquiesce. She worked the panties into my mouth and used new wrapping to keep it there. She pulled the wrapping very tight, pushing the fabric deeply into my mouth forcing my lower jaw to open wide.

“I’ll be right back!” She walked out of the room.

I took the break in the action to assess my condition. My head was clear and I was gaining in alertness and focus. I was tied to a kitchen chair with what looked like my very own rope! She had bound my elbows and wrists and pulled my arms up over the back of the chair. The top of the chair dug into my upper arms, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. Yet! She must have tied my wrists to the lower chair stretcher because I could only wiggle them a bit side-to-side. There was no slack up and down. My ankles were tied to the front legs of the chair with a second wrapping on each side around the chair leg just below my knees. And that was it! It was done neatly and tightly and was quite effective. I could lift my hips off the chair seat and twist my torso, but I was essentially attached to the chair. Kaitlynn Lee at least knew how to tie!

She returned with a large shoulder bag in tow. She set it on the table and turned to me.

“Once more! Are you going to tell me?” I shook my head.

“OK.” She blindfolded me with padded leather mask that shut out all light. That freaked me out a bit! I hadn’t thought I wouldn’t be able to see what she was doing, but I had been there before. And what was she going to do anyway? It was ridiculous of her to think she could actually torture me like in all those ‘B’ movies into ‘spilling the beans’! I mean, get real!

It took her about an hour to break me!

She turned me into a quivering, hyper-sexualized, sobbing mess! She was a genius! Using erogenous zones I didn’t know I had, clips and clamps and clit massagers, sharply-pointed thingies and god knows what else she destroyed me! With my legs tied as they were, it was open season on my vulva and she concentrated on it. She kept me on a roller coaster of arousal until I was delirious with pent up desire. She took me to the edge and denied release until I was begging her to stop and not stop!

After one particular nasty cycle of stimulation and denial, she removed the blindfold and gag.

“Who are you? And why are here?” I told her! At first, she only seemed interested in things related to Sam, but as she continued to work me over, I gave her everything, blurting out where I was staying and where the key was for the storage locker. She extracted this bit after a particularly skillful manipulation of my clit with a pointed stick. I told her of following Sam and breaking in and binding her and even about my sordid past as a serial kidnapper of women.

Apparently satisfied with my answers, she ordered me to look her in the eyes, like she was a dog-whisperer training a wayward pup, while she deftly used the clit massager to blow me away! I have never had an orgasm of that magnitude! It drained everything out of me and I slumped in the chair, semi-comatose.

I vaguely remembered Kaitlynn untying me and sleepwalking into the living room. Now, still naked, I was sitting on the sofa, gagged with a ball gag and bound at the wrists and ankles.

Samantha sat next to me, wearing a robe. She had her legs tucked under her and hugged a cup of tea to her chest. She didn’t speak, but her laser-like glare told me what she was thinking!

Kaitlynn sat in the easy chair across from us. She looked completely unruffled as she flicked through the photos on my camera. She finished that without comment and put the camera aside. Resting her arms on the chair arms, hands cupped over the ends, and crossing her legs, she studied me, her expression unreadable.

I sat quietly in my bonds, my eyes on Kaitlynn’s.

I was thinking revenge! Stupid I know after me getting waxed like I had just been, but I had some pride! I did this as a profession, for god’s sake, and I let her get to me like I was like some dewy-eyed newbie! From her taking me down right through my sexual meltdown, it was a total embarrassment! I was mortified at giving up so much info so easily! I had certainly underestimated her, but I had to wonder if the positions were reversed and I got the drop on her what would happen! Moot right now, of course, but definitely on the agenda for the future! It was either strike back or sink into a depression; anger and retaliation would be the best course for me, but I knew I would be feeling the mental effects of this for a long time.

Right now was what I had to deal with and I didn’t know, yet, where she would go with this.

Kaitlynn picked up my camera again and shot several photos of me; I stared into the lens, as expressionless as possible with a ball gag in your mouth. With a little inscrutable smile, she opened the camera and took out the memory card.

“So!” What do we do with you now?” It was a rhetorical question, of course, as my speech was encumbered

”I know what you’re thinking!” I raised my eyebrows.

“In the right situation, you could take me! Right?” I nodded. You’re damn right!

“Maybe you’re right… but that’s not going to happen!” She gestured with her chin at my bound self. I had to agree.

“I’ve heard about you… rumors and such. And we have some mutual acquaintances!” Great! Just what I need, having this get out!

“We could kill you, I guess… make you disappear!” Kill? Flop sweat popped out all over me.

“That was a joke!” Now I really wanted to screw her over! She was so difficult to read, her expression unchanging as she gazed steadily into my eyes.

“I just can’t let you go, can I?” Why not? I had plenty of reason just to disappear and put this behind me.

“Or maybe we could just let you go!” I liked this direction better!

She stood up. “I’ll have to sleep on this. I’m sure I can come up with something. You’ll be comfortable out here?” It was a non-question question given the circumstances.

She produced a set of cuffs with a long chain from her bag. She flipped them to Sam who pushed me down on the couch and cuffed my ankle to the sofa.

“See you in the morning!” With that, she and Samantha rose and, hand-in-hand, strolled toward the bedroom.

I watched them go and then tried to get comfortable on my bed for the night.

**Part 3: I’ll be Back!**

It was difficult to sleep!

I tried to focus and concentrate on loosening my wrist binding, but found it to be too tight and the knots unreachable. The feeling of helplessness was overwhelming! I felt tears building and tried to suppress them, but soon began to cry, burying my face in the cushions to muffle the sound. A small part of my consciousness registered that this was what my ‘toys’ probably felt, the debilitating, paralyzing feeling of being under someone else’s control, unable to do the simplest thing that required movement.

I must have slept sometime during the night, although it wasn’t very restful. I awoke at first light, sore and uncomfortable and still bound. I could hear giggling and moans from the bedroom, which did nothing to improve my mood. I was disheveled and needed to go to the bathroom… soon, even though I had pissed myself during Kaitlynn’s interrogation!

Samantha emerged first, fully dressed. She was lovely in skinny jeans, long sweater that flared at her hips over a tight turtle neck sweater. There was a flush on her face that hinted at recent sex.

“You look like you could use some bathroom time!” I was certainly in need of that! She un-cuffed my ankle and untied my ankle bonds. She helped me to stand and walked me to the bathroom. At the door, she snapped the former ankle cuffs on and then untied the wrist ropes. The long chain between cuffs gave me enough slack that I could bring my hands around front so that I would be able to shower and take care of other business. I entered the bathroom and she shut the door behind me.

I removed the gag, took care of business and stepped into the shower. Twenty minutes later, I emerged, clean and feeling a little better. Sam was leaning against the wall right outside of the room, a cup of coffee in hand, guarding, I guess, against a break out! The aroma of the coffee reached my nose, a scent that reminded me how hungry I was!

She put the cup aside and pulled my hands to the front, hooking a second set of cuffs with a much shorter link onto my wrists. They pinned my hands in front with a more limited range of movement. She grasped my upper arm and led me into the kitchen, the site of my embarrassing capitulation. The room was cleaned up and the chairs were arranged around the table.

Kaitlynn, also dressed and wearing a tight running outfit and trainers, sat in one chair. I was deposited in a second. Sam went around to the other side of the table and sat next to Kaitlynn.

They stared at me and I stared back for several minutes; the silence was deafening!

I picked up the cup of coffee that was in front of me and sipped. It was glorious and I began to feel more human.

“We’ve decided what to do with you!” It was Kaitlynn speaking. “Of course, we’re going to release you, but with a twist!”

“A twist?” I figured if I wasn’t gagged they must want me to talk.

“A twist!” That was Samantha speaking. “We’ll take you back to your hotel and get you checked out. You’ll change your flight reservations to the next plane out and then we’ll take you to the airport and put you on the plane. And if a different flight can’t be worked out, we’re putting you on the Amtrak.”

“What? You’re running me out of town? This town ain’t big enough for us?” I smirked. Samantha and Kaitlynn didn’t react.

“Something like that! We just want you gone!” This from Kaitlynn.

I looked from one to the other. “That’s it? No repercussions, no revenge?”

Kaitlynn smiled thinly. “You’re forgetting last night? We have pictures of the whole thing. Video too! Sam shot the whole thing! Want to see it?”

“No!” Damn! Another thing I hadn’t thought about! I did not need those pictures and vids out and about. It would certainly be embarrassing and might affect my sideline business. It wasn’t that I needed the money; that was just icing on the cake. The action was what I wanted.

“I do know some people that know of you. It would be, at least, embarrassing to you and maybe it would give others ideas that… well maybe they could do the same. You wouldn’t want to be everyone’s bitch would you?”

I held my tongue and tried to look contrite, but I was seething! These two amateurs had gotten lucky and now they were acting like they owned me.

I tried to shine them on. “Well… I did learn something! Last night, being tied and all, it was… a real… humbling experience! I am sorry!” This last I addressed directly to Samantha. I hoped it came out as sincere, but it wasn’t really. “I’ve been thinking that… well, maybe I ought to take some time and think about what I’m doing! I mean, if people ask for it, it’s one thing, but this freelance stuff… well, it could be hurtful!”

It was all bullshit, of course. These two cunts had just vaulted to the top of my list! They were both going down as soon as I was clear of this situation. And talk about embarrassing? The world would know of their little kink!

“Hmmm! I’m sure you learned something, but probably not enough to make a real, lasting impression! You’re sorry you got caught and you’re embarrassed that it happened, but sorry enough to not do it again? I doubt it!” Samantha looked to Kaitlynn for affirmation. Kaitlynn nodded in agreement. “But we’re willing to take you at your word! As long as you leave Boston!”

Oh, I’d leave all right, but I would be back! Again, with the heartfelt contrition, “You’re both wrong! I have learned! I am sorry for… all this! Really!”

“Whatever! Let’s get going. The sooner you’re gone, the better!”

Big mistake, ladies! I struggled to keep control and not lash out them. What business was it of theirs? Who were they… the morality police? I was pissed! What nerve! I wanted to ask how Kaitlynn ‘recruited’ Samantha. I was willing to bet that it involved some of the same tactics I used on her, but I held my tongue and tamped down the rage. Better to cut my losses and fight again on more even terms than be damaged by these twits!

Samantha rose and undid both sets of cuffs. “You can wear some of my clothes back to the hotel! Matter of fact, when you’re done you can throw them out. I don’t want them back!”

She tossed me a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt and my sneakers. I pulled the jeans and sweatshirt on, undie-less, and laced up my hightops. I looked presentable enough to make it back to the hotel. Then I would throw these rags out, or better yet, keep them and make her wear them the next time we met. And there would be a next time!

She followed me out of the kitchen to the door where Kaitlynn waited. They handed me my bag, which contained cameras and equipment. Just to irritate them, I rested the bag on an end table and slowly and methodically went through it.

Finally having enough, Kaitlynn grabbed the bag and shoved it into my arms. “It’s all there! Let’s get moving!” We exited and waited at the curb while Sam flagged a cab. We piled into the back, a very uncomfortable silence settled over us. The cabbie kept looking back at us, but kept his mouth shut.

The cabbie dropped us at the bus station. I retrieved my purse with my room card and i.d. The hotel was a few blocks away, so we walked to it. We looked like a trio of gals out for brunch as we strolled along. If they only knew!

The lobby was busy and we skirted around the desk and went right to the elevators. No one had spoken since we left the apartment, which was fine with me. I wanted to be clear of these two as much as they wanted to be done with me.

The hall was empty except for the maids working the floor at the end of the corridor. The Do-Not-Disturb notice was still on my door. I slipped the card into the slot we entered, leaving the sign in place.

My room was actually a suite with a kitchenette and a bedroom in an alcove off the sitting area. The sitting area had several chairs and a couch centered around a large screen TV. One wall of the suite was windows, which opened onto an enclosed balcony. The balcony overlooked the enclosed lobby-to-roof atrium in the center of the building. The building itself was U-shaped with the open end facing the harbor. My suite was at the bottom of the U and had great views of the harbor and islands. Sam went to the windows and gazed out at the view.

I stood in the middle of the seating area, my back to Sam and the view. “Now, what?”

Kaitlynn, still over by the door, spoke.

“Now we kick your ass!”

Before I could react, Sam had wrapped her arms around mine and pulled them back behind me. Kaitlynn came at me with a huge sponge ball gag and forced it into my mouth as I opened it to protest.

With the two of them working me, I was screwed, but managed to get in a few butts and kicks that elicited grunts and curses. In the end, they prevailed, stripping and restraining me with my hands cuffed behind me and my ankles manacled. I noticed that both of them wore latex gloves. I wondered what that meant, but I was pretty sure it wasn’t good!

And it wasn’t! The two of them picked me up and carried me into the bedroom alcove and tossed me onto the bed. Before I stopped bouncing, they were reinforcing my bondage. The big shoulder bags they had been carrying were stuffed with rope and sex toys! With brutal efficiency, Sam and Kaitlynn, with Kaitlynn in the lead, had me pulled into an excruciating hogtie, quite similar to the one I had executed on Sam, only in this one, my ankles were crossed, forcing my legs open.

I watched, shell-shocked, as Sam and Kaitlynn shed their clothes. Kaitlynn bent and retrieved something from the pile of stuff from her bag. I watched in horror as she adjusted a strap-on dildo affair around her waist, lubricating the shaft. Without a word, she pulled me to the edge of the bed, stepped between my spread legs and worked the dildo into my pussy.

There was nothing sexy about this! This was punishment, pure and simple and she plunged in and out with abandon. When she tired of this she watched as Sam pulled me onto the bed and flipped me onto my back and straddled me, grinding her pussy into my face.

And so it went! The two women heaped indignity upon indignity onto me. I was forced to bring them both to orgasm with my mouth. As one of them used me, the other photographed and videoed the action. They were relentless and skillful, getting my body to respond, but I had retreated to some place in my mind and was hunkered down there, untouchable. They used all the tools that Kaitlynn had used before and more. My butt and the soles of my feet got switched and a pointed pinwheel traversed my skin. Kaitlynn used a velvet wand on my breasts and pussy. Occasionally, they let up on me and made love together on the bed next to my bound body. Kaitlynn, throughout, used me as an instructional tool as they tied me in different positions and she guided Sam through administration of some of the torments they subjected me to.

Finally, as the daylight hours drew to a close, they tired and left me alone, spread-eagled on the bed at this point, zoned out and physically spent from the orgasms wrung out of me and administered to them. I heard the shower running and thought I heard the door open and close. Several minutes later, I smelled the fatty scent of fast food. My stomach growled, but to be alone was good, although I was too far gone to think sentient thoughts.

They returned to the bedroom fully dressed, both of them sporting wet hair, smug smiles and a fresh pair of gloves. Kaitlynn spoke.

“So, maybe now you understand how it feels to be one of your reluctant toys?” I just stared at them, unable to form a response and gagged into silence anyway.

“I meant it when I said you will leave Boston. And don’t even think about coming back for us! You’re out of your league and the next time you’re here? It will be worse!” I heard her, but didn’t react. She didn’t seem to expect a response.

But inside me, a spark of rage was flickering. Even in my reduced state of awareness, I knew I would be back and that they would regret this. It wasn’t a fully formed thought. I just knew it!

Kaitlynn went on. “And you need one more lesson before we go! Instead of thinking of revenge against us, you better put your energy into getting your story straight!” She laughed and high-fived Sam. I had no idea what they meant and just groaned as they untied me from the four corners of the bed and moved me into a sitting position.

I was quiet and docile as they bound my hands in front and gagged me with a large, hard whiffle ball gag. Then Sam lifted me and turned me around, bending me forward over the bed. Kaitlynn worked a plug into my anus.

They carried /dragged me into the sitting area and sat me down on one of the bar stools, which was positioned in front of the balcony door. It was fairly high and my feet didn’t reach the floor. They maneuvered me forward until my butt was still resting on the edge of the seat and my toes were just touching the floor. Kaitlynn bound each of my ankles to the corresponding chair leg.

Sam attached a long rope to my wrist rope and threaded it over the drapery rod. She pulled my arms up over my head, stretching them so that, while my butt was still in contact with the very edge of the seat of the stool, I was semi-suspended. Kaitlynn then slid a dildo into my pussy and attached it to a collapsible rod. She extended the rod and fastened it with tape to the stool front stretcher pieces.

When they finished I was impaled on the dildo and up on the balls of my feet, but still on the stool. Sam tied a rope from my waist to the stool seat and back support further anchoring me to the stool.

Kaitlynn. “We’re going to leave now. Before we go we’re going to open the drapes and turn on the lights. At this time of day, your neighbors should get a pretty good view of you!” I squirmed uncomfortably as I finally understood what they meant about getting my story straight! They were going to leave me like this to be found by the maids or, more likely, security! The adrenaline that flooded my system wrenched me out of the doldrums. I did need to get a story and fast!

“Don’t try and bring us in on this! We’re going to clean up and wipe stuff down, of course and they may have our DNA on you, but this ain’t CSI, sister! Get a good story and stick to it and throw some money at it and you’ll be OK. The hotel doesn’t want the scandal and neither do you. We have the pics and the video and it will be everywhere if any of this blows back on us! Believe it!”

I did believe it! I was in for some embarrassment, but there was no way I wanted the police in on this. I would have to plead and cajole the management and pay everybody off to make this go away. I frantically tried to patch together a story of a date gone bad. It was flimsy and had holes, but it had to work. I didn’t want to say I had been robbed because that may have automatically brought in the cops. I decided my ‘assailant’ would be someone I met in their bar to further implicate the hotel.

Sam and Kaitlynn tidied up as I sat there close to panic going over and over my ‘story’! When they were done they came over and stood in front of me. I glared at each in turn. They smirked back and then they turned on the lights, opened the drapes and left!

It was dusk and I could see into other rooms as more and more lights came on. I could see people looking out of their doors or coming out on their balconies. It was only a matter of time before one of them would look at my lit-up window and see me!

At least I hoped it was! I didn’t relish being here for a long time. The dildo forced me forward and to sit up straight. The edge of the stool was biting into my butt and my wrists were beginning to hurt because, even though I was originally on my toes, I couldn’t hold that position and had settled, which in turn stretched my arms. I twisted and shifted often to try and get some relief.

I gradually calmed down as I sat there and rehearsed what I would tell the hotel people. As I went over it, my eyes scanned the hotel. It was fully dark outside and I was lit up like a Christmas tree! Most of the rooms were occupied and I could see people everywhere.

Please, someone! See me!

I don’t know how long it took for the knock on the door! Too long, regardless!

The security woman let herself in with a pass key, took one look at me and called a manager. Pretty soon there were several people clustered into the room. The drapes had been drawn and I had been ungagged to blurt out my story. I think I was convincing, especially when I pleaded with them to not involve the police. After hearing the story, someone finally untied me, letting me to remove the more intimately-placed toys; someone else got me a robe. I played the distraught guest role to the hilt, sobbing on the sofa as people milled around uncomfortably.

Finally, the big shot manager came and gave his blessing to sweeping the whole thing under the rug. I’m sure they had their suspicions that I was lying my ass off, but they didn’t pursue it. They made it clear I should be gone in the morning and that I shouldn’t book any rooms in this or any of the chain’s other establishments ever again! They said it in a nice way, but I got the message.

Fine with me! I couldn’t put this behind me fast enough! After everyone left, I sat in a hot tub and reviewed the whole affair! I had screwed up for sure, been caught and punished, more or less fair and square!

That was a given, but if Sam and Kaitlynn thought they could walk away from this without consequences, they were very much mistaken.

I would be back for both of them!
