---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/atherfeet.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: At Her Feet
authors:
- Pharohking
tags:
- Other/m
- bond
- magic
- F/m
- nc
- X
date: 2007-11-17 00:00:00
---

Late one night, I was watching a target house that I wanted to break into a steal some diamond jewelry that I saw this girl wearing at a club one night. The house was a Victorian style house with a long driveway that had 4’ shrubs all the way around it and lining the driveway. I was parked out across the street, no street lights around, just blank darkness. I knew that the owner, a single college-aged girl who’s parents left to her when they moved away. The college aged girl named Julie, was a college student and captain of the Dance Squad at the local college. I have seen her before on TV and recently at a local dance club at night. I had followed her to this house to see where she lived after seeing her dance the night away wearing loads of diamond jewelry along with a black leather sports bra, black skin-tight leather pants and black knee high 3” spiked-heel boots, the kind with a zipper on the sides.

I had been in-front of this house since 7pm tonight and was sure to make my move once she left the house as I imagine she would, to go downtown to the dance clubs as her weekend ritual. At about 8:35pm, I noticed a set of shinny blue-tinted headlights coming down the long driveway at me, the car paused at the end of the driveway as if she was checking both directions to see if any on-coming traffic was approaching, and then floored the gas spinning the tires and pulling out of the driveway like a bat out of hell. I watched eagerly as the taillights faded down the street vanishing a few moments later. I knew this was my time to make my move into the house while she was gone.

So I opened my door and exited my SUV. I was wearing my black spandex cat-burglar outfit, completely enclosing my entire body, that way none of my body fibers would fall off while in the house to keep the police from identifying me. I quickly skirted across the street and ran down the long driveway in excitement of what I might find in the house. I came up to the house and cautiously ran around the house making sure that no neighbors houses were visible to this house, also checking to make sure that no lights were left on in the house, indicating that someone might still be home.

Once I have secured the perimeter, I went around to the side of the house and glanced at a window that I assumed was the bedroom possibly, I looked into the window and confirmed it. It looked like a typical college girl’s bedroom, clothes all over the floor, and pictures of the stunningly beautiful girl with her friends pasted up all over the walls. I gently pushed up on the window glass, BINGO! As usual, the window was not locked. I quickly pushed the window all the way up and braced myself as I leaped onto the window ledge and then swung my legs inside the window. Now I was officially in, this was so easy!

I stood up straight to take a glance around the room. Dark, but I could make out silhouettes of the structure of the room from the beam of moonlight piercing into the room. I noticed an open jewelry box laying on the dresser top. It was overflowing with shinny gorgeous diamonds and sterling silver jewelry. My heart pounded with triumph! I walked over to the box and pulled out my black nylon bag to put the jewelry in.

Just as I reached for the jewelry in the box, I suddenly heard a clacking noise and then a door open only a couple of rooms away! I panicked just as any burglar would do in this situation. Looking around quickly for a place to hide since it would of made too much noise for me to exit through the window. I saw a door to a closet cracked open, the door has wooded white slates going horizontally through  the front of it, so I quickly dashed to the door opening it and stepping in while closing it behind me as quite and fast as I could.

The closet was lined with shoes and boots scattered all over the floor, and had shelving at both sides of it with the typical hanger bar connected at each end with an arsenal of clothes hanging from it. I had to get down and lay against the back wall of the closet and pulled a number of shoes and boots over me to cover me up from anyone from seeing me. Just as I finished, I laid still only to hear the faint sounds of foot steps moving around in the house. Many images were going through my head at this time, images of being confronted and lots of screaming. I didn’t really know what I was going to do when the girl found me!!!

As I laid there on the floor, buried in a pile of shoes and boots, I heard the footsteps approach the room, tap, tap… Then all of the sudden the steps stopped and the door to the bedroom opened and a person entered, probably the girl. I couldn’t make a move, I had to lay the stillest I have ever been. As the person (girl) walked around the room, her cellphone starts to ring, the ringing stopped quickly followed by at high pitched voice. I confirmed that it was the girl, I wondered if she would notice the window to her room open?

I listened to the girl talk to someone on the phone, something about what she was going to do to night. To my disappointment, she wasn’t yet going to the club. She talked and talked on the phone while moving around the room from one side of the room, to the other. Sweat started to bead off the top of my forehead, only to be absorbed by the spandex covering it. Just as I laid there, I felt something move at my feet. A brushing feeling, slow but sudden. My eyes rolled down to my feet but could not see anything for my body was completely covered in shoes and boots. I then felt a string like a snake quickly and quietly, it felt like something just wrapped around both of my legs and stopped just above my ankles. I gently twitched my legs only to discover that they were bound tightly together. I was greatly puzzled, what could have just wrapped around my legs???

My attention was quickly drawn back to the movement on the other side of the closet door. The figure keeps moving around in the room, I have no idea when she might come and open the door, but I must keep still, I can untangle my legs once she has left the room. I kept still and laid in place.

Now, I just felt several items moving around my body, the boots were shifting there positions over me. I hadn’t moved at all to cause this, what’s going on??? All of the sudden, I felt cloth pulling over my hands, then I felt something leather pull-over my hands, the leather traveled up my hands and all the way up to my elbows, then when they stopped moving up my arms,  I felt a firm clinch around my wrists, am I having a hallucination? What is happening to me? Now my arms were being pulled behind my back like I was being placed in handcuffs, while I could feel the string-like snakes around my ankles start to twist up my legs. This became quite uncomfortable as I couldn’t do anything without making a noise and being discovered. I slightly twitched my body only to confirm that I am totally immobilized.

My attention was quickly changed to the sudden sound of the bedroom door swinging open and then the high-pitched voice exited the room, quickly fading to a soft chatter. I knew I needed to adjust and free myself from the tight bind. But as I wiggled around there on the floor, I realized that I really can’t free myself.

'I am seeing things I exclaimed in my thoughts!' I can’t see anything at all! What do I do next???

I lay there in confusion when I next felt something slide up the crotch of my pants and continued up my stomach and then onto my chin, my mouth was open as I was trying to still catch my breath as I was panicking, the object, a sock, slipped into my mouth as I was closing it to stop it, but it wiggled its way in my mouth filling it completely, now I was gagged, along with being tightly bound from what I was making out to have been the straps from a pair of high-heel sandals around my legs, and what felt like socks over my hands which were now encased in a pair of knee-high lace-up boots that were tied tightly around my wrists and behind my back.

What strange force is causing this to happen, is this some weird dream that I can’t wake up from???

I quickly start to struggle in my binds and rock my head side to side, trying to free myself. I am breathing heavy and hard with the what tastes like a sweaty sock lodged in my mouth. I press my tounge against it trying to dislodge it, but some force is keeping it in. Then I suddenly feel another object pull itself up my side and then I see it is a white Reebok Classic Style shoe, it is moving my itself, pulling itself with its laces, the laces I watch raise up once the shoe is sitting on my chest with the toe facing my chin.

I then hear rustling from the right side of my only to witness a pair of white socks stand up out of a pair of cheerleader shoes, the socks literally jump out of the shoes and slide quickly across the closet floor and slide up my side and dive into the shoe that’s on my chest. The laces both dart toward my face and wrap behind my head criss-crossing and pulling tight, the shoe is quickly drawn onto my face sealing the padded ribbed ankle part of the shoe tight over the bridge of my nose and the tongue of the shoe pressed against the bottom of my jaw.

The shoe tightens up and I can see the shoe contract and expand like a re-breather bag as I breathe heavy into the shoe. I struggle rocking my head back and forth trying to take the shoe from my head, but it has its laces drawn tightly around my head. I feel the socks in the shoe drop down and lay over my nose and lips. I can smell the sweat from the shoe and now the sweaty socks, they have a thick heavy pungent odor, my struggles and muffled by the sweaty sock lodged in my mouth, MMMPPPHHH! MMMPPPHHH!!!

I rock my body and wiggle to free myself and wimper into the sock gag. My heart is beating rapidly. I can't get out.

As I struggle, I see another sock coming towards my head, the sock slides up the side of my face and clamps itself over my eyes, blindfolding me, I can’t see anything! What is happening!!! I suddenly feel weak! I notice my breathing start to slow down, and my limbs slowly start to weaken. The odor from the socks must have a anesthesia effect on me, I am slowly falling asleep, I try to hold my breath, but can’t last longer that a couple of seconds before I feel like I am suffocating from breathing so hard.

My eyes draw closer to being closed, I feel relaxed, but helpless, I can’t give-in to the sleeping gas effect, but I have no choice, I suddenly stop moving, and continue to drift out of conscious state, what is going tooo haaapppen toooooo meeeeeee…

I awaken to a brightly light room, the room starts to become clear that I am in the same bedroom, but out of the closet, still laying on the floor. My legs are under the bed up to my torso. I look side to side to make out my surroundings. I notice my hands are still tied behind my back with a sharp poke into my spine from the spiked heels of the lace-up boots tied over my hands and arms. My legs seem to be bound still with the strappy heels, and my mouth is packed still but with a different tasting sock. The shoe over my nose and mouth though is gone and there seems to be tape over my mouth sealing it shut. Some sort of rope seems to be tied around my ankles leading under the bed.

“Well What Do We Have Here?” a voice startles me from above over the ledge of the bed. A bright smiling face appears from over the bed. It’s the girl, the girl who lives her! She is dominately smiling at me with an evil, yet beautiful grin.

“It looks like you found my shoe collection! How does that sock taste?” she asks.

I look back at her in great fear and confusion.

“My shoes seem to have a mind of their own, isn’t that funny” she laughs out loud. “You’re gonna get to be good friends with them, I love my shoes! And they love you!”

The girl tells me that I have been asleep for two days now, that the shoes wouldn’t release themselves from me until today, and still, they have me helplessly bound. She tells me that she has a lot of plans for me, that she has been looking for a playmate for a long time to share her shoe collection with and now it’s going to be me.

“Now, I would love to stay and chat, but I have a formal engagement to attend in a couple of hours, so you will have to go back to sleep until I can find time to play with you again.” she explains.

\*\*\*

“I just got back from my dance team practice, and boy, my feet feel tired, don’t you feel tired?” she says.

She swings her legs around to the edge of the bed to reveal a pair of knee-high chunky heeled boots on her feet. She reaches down to the zipper on her boots while staring me down with a devilish grin on her face and slowly unzips the boots simultaneously. Then she slowly and seductively pulls the boots off her sock covered feet, exposing to me the bottoms of her socked feet. She wiggles excitedly, her feet. Then she slides down off the bed and straddles my head with her legs and says to me “Now let’s see how long you can hold your breath shall we?”

She then raises up one of her feet and slowly places it over my nose and mouth wedging my nose between her toes, she presses down firmly and stares at me as my face quickly turns red as I try to hold my breath. I shake my head side to side trying to break her foot from my nose so that I may get an extra breath in, but her firm, strong legs kept up with me. I wimper through my gag as I slowly let out my air that I was holding, I knew nothing good was going to come out of this…

With every once of effort, I held off from inhaling, but could no longer resist. I inhaled a very large breath of smothered air, only to realize that there was no offending odor, in shock, the socked foot, seemed to smell pretty decent and had a soft odor, not offending! Wow, my eyebrows raised, this was not what I was expecting! I let my breath out again and took a few more deep breaths, wondering what this torture was really about??? After a few more breaths, I started to feel a relaxed feeling inside, I kept breathing in and out, smelling her socked foot, then I realized what was actually happening, I was slowly falling a sleep, but, it was too late to panic or struggle, the sweet soft odor had taken over my body, I could not resist at all.

“That’s right my little boy toy, sleep, sleep, sleeeep, sleeeeeeeeep” the girls voice faded away as I became numb all over, my eyes had finally shut and I couldn’t see or feel anything.

What will happen to me next, I wuuuuuuuunderrrrrr.r..r.r…………….

(To Be Continued, based upon reader feedback)
