---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/submissive_position2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Submissive Position 2: Slutty Claudia'
authors:
- Iceni
tags:
- Sbf
- M/f
- D/s
- bond
- cuffs
- outdoors
- public
- hum
- mast
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2009-10-21 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Submissive Position**](submissive_position.html))

**Part 2 – Slutty Claudia**

**Chapter 5: Claudia**

Kyle was enjoying his shower as he began getting ready for his second meeting with Jodie. His mind had wandered onto their last meeting, how sexy she looked and what would she wear tonight. This brought his mind around to what should he wear?

Normally he would dress casually, not really thinking about what was suitable; this uncomplicated approach had always resulted in, even if he said it himself ‘a good look’. However tonight was different; he was now a ‘Dom’ therefore should he dress to reinforce this position?

Should he wear black or dark clothes, display a day’s stubbley growth on his face to get that slightly rugged look? He thought that although the stubbley growth may look good it may not be so comfortable for Jodie, depending on how things developed that evening.

He also decided he didn’t want to play at being a ‘Dom’ with a second identity, he wanted to be able to be himself, if it didn’t work. . . well that would be the chance he took.

So consequently he decided to dress in his normal casual style.

Once ready, he set off in his car leaving plenty of time; just in case something held him up. Finally he turned into the tiny wooded lane that led to Jodie’s driveway and house. This brought to his mind how remote Jodie’s house was; it must be at least a couple of miles from the next property and he smiled as he went past the little red post box. Here in the middle of the countryside all on its own was a little red post box, at least half a mile from Jodie’s; who would post letters here? Still smiling he reached her drive, turned in and slowly drove the 300yards to her house; yes this definitely was a remote spot.

Jodie had not slept well. The adventure with Kyle had been in her mind and dreams.

When she awoke, she was thinking about the previous evening; what might he do to her tonight?

During day she tried to work, but other thoughts filled her mind. Luckily this was a day when she was able to work from home and so no one would know of her lack of progress. Later in the afternoon, her thoughts came back to his orders, ‘Dress properly’; but what does this mean?

She had only met him once, but she knew that this was what she had yearned for.

Consequently, dressing properly was important; but what was dressing properly?

This was a question that a woman asks herself for every important event.

He had told her she was a slut the previous evening; should she now dress like a slut?

Ok, she wouldn’t dress casually, nor would she dress elegantly; but maybe a little elegance and a touch of sluttyness.

She browsed her dresses, tried some and finally decided on a short black dress. Usually this was very elegant, but without bra and panties and with black stockings, suspenders and high heels, would she be the sort of slut he would like?

Finally she took a shower and afterwards applied her makeup; but more heavily and darker than usual. A dark red lipstick, shiny on her lips completed her look; then she dressed.

When dressed she looked in her mirror; was this really Jodie, Jodie the business woman or another woman, Jodie the sexy slut? Her nipples were hard and visible through the dress and she also saw the visible lines from the suspenders.

She now had half an hour until his arrival so she went back to lounge. How to await him?

Kneeling near door, pussy and breasts visible or just open the door and say Hi?

Jodie was nervous!

Then again should she undress and await him naked?

What did he have in his mind? Was he going to continue with the bondage session from yesterday or take her out first? Or would he want to have sex with her?

Jodie went back to her bedroom, preparing the room for sex and searching for her sex toys. She found the blindfold just as she realised that her pussy was dripping wet. She went to bathroom and cleaned herself fearing her juices would stain her dress or perhaps the seats of his car.

So she went to a drawer and took out a white lacy thong and stepped into it and pulling it snugly around her pussy. Maybe he would allow her to wear it for going out? So she didn’t leave a mark on his car seat; or perhaps they would go in her car, so it would be her car seat.

But what if he decided; ‘Jodie in panties’ was not properly dressed?

Jodie’s eyes went to clock, only 10 minutes till he arrived so she decided to go downstairs taking the blindfold with her. How should she greet him? Jodie had a wild fear someone else may know about her secret fantasies, but she had two options: opening the door to him or leaving door slightly open.

She decided to leave the door slightly open and she felt a rush of excitement through her body as she looked out. No one was visible; but why should there be, her house being in such a remote spot. So she closed the door, but not completely and went into the lounge. Here, she decided, is where she would await Kyle.

She stood behind the back of the sofa, leaning forward to rest her arms on its back. Her skirt pulled up her thighs exposing the top of her stockings. Would the site of this arouse him? Was this what he would want she thought to herself? She decided a little more sluttyness was required so she lowered her thong until it was around her knees, spreading her legs to prevent it falling further.

Like this she had panties for travelling in the car, if necessary. He had said no panties and strictly speaking she was wearing them, but, not as they were intended.

 She then fitted her blindfold, then in a further act of sluttyness reached down to the hem of her dress and pulled it up further exposing her suspenders and butt to anyone who entered the lounge.

So there Jodie awaited Kyle. Still feeling very nervous about being found by someone else, maybe a neighbour, she was about to give herself to someone without knowing what would follow; but there was also that excitement: acting like a slut.

He had shown her the slut inside herself and she was only doing what he ordered.  Jodie felt wetness between her legs and it starting seeping down her thighs.

Kyle reached Jodie’s front door, but to his surprise he found it slightly open.

He knocked and called though the opening, “Hello. . . Jodie. . . are you there?”

He heard Jodie reply “Come in I’m in the lounge”.

Kyle entered, closing the door behind him; then made his way into the lounge.

What he saw was something he was not expecting. He wasn’t quite sure what to expect but this wasn’t it!

Jodie was standing with her back to the door. She stood behind her sofa, bent over at the waist facing the large window.

She was wearing a mini dress, the back of which was folded up so her nicely rounded butt was completely exposed. Kyle studied her arousing form, the shapely spread legs flowing out of the 6” chrome and black heels, the black stockings held up with black suspenders. A nice white thong completed the vision; however the thong was not covering her pussy, it was pulled taut between her spread knees.

Moving around her Kyle could see she was blindfolded by a thick leather blindfold; it is also obvious she was aroused! The nipples of her bra free breasts were trying to force their way out of the thin material.

Kyle was slightly phased by the vision; he was pleased with her choice of clothes, but the pose; the panties around her knees and the dress pulled up exposing that delightful butt just threw him.

What was I expecting he thought to himself? I suppose she should be dressed as she is but she should be holding the ‘Submissive Position’ I had shown her yesterday.

“Well Jodie” he started, a little unsure of himself, “I see you have dressed quite provocatively, but you are not in your submissive position. I took special care last night to point out that this was how you should stand when not being told otherwise. I see I shall have to inflict some form of punishment to help you to remember.”

Kyle reached forward and slid his hand between Jodie’s legs. She arched her back as a shiver ran up it and sighed as his fingers slid through her wet slit.

“Wet again Jodie, you are such a slut!” Kyle exclaimed “and why are you wearing panties?”

“I’m not really” Jodie explained “I thought if we went out in your car I may leave a stain on the car seat.”

“Did I tell you to speak” Kyle said in a slightly stern voice.

Oh, I’m in trouble again Jodie thought, I bet he asks me to go and get the ball gag again.

“I will be the judge of whether the wearing of panties is necessary” Kyle said “so please remove them, then go and get your ball gag.”

Jodie stood up and brought her legs together.

“Stand still” Kyle commanded “while I remove your blindfold.”

Jodie stood still and Kyle removed the blindfold and handed it Jodie.

“Put this back when you retrieve the ball gag please Jodie.”

Jodie stepped out of her panties and picked them up, she was just about to walk towards the door when she remembered how she had been told to walk the previous evening. So how was she to carry the panties and the blindfold?

I suppose I had better carry them in my mouth as yesterday she thought, so she scrunched up the panties and put them in her mouth. She now tasted her own arousal from the wet crotch of her panties, then she slid one end of the blindfold strap in her mouth and bit down on it so as not to drop it.

She then put her hands behind her head and interlocked her fingers. In this position her breasts were pulled upwards and thrust forward; her hardened nipples forcing at the material of her ‘little black dress’. She made her way out of the lounge and up the staircase to her bedroom. Her butt wiggled in the 6” heels, it still being completely on display as she had not been told to pull her dress down and being a nice fit would not slip over her butt on its own accord.

She could feel Kyle’s eyes burning into her as she ascended the stairs but she dare not look around to check. She reached her bedroom, released her hands to open the door and entered. She took the blindfold and wet panties out of her mouth, placed the blindfold in the bottom draw next to the ball gag that she now picked up. She placed the ball in her mouth, exited her bedroom, closed the door and put her hands behind her head once more. She then descended the stairs and went back into the lounge to find Kyle sitting on the sofa reading a magazine.

Buckle the gag properly” Kyle said without looking at her and continuing to read the magazine. Jodie buckled it tight, as the previous evening.

Kyle was still reading the magazine so Jodie thought she should resume her submissive position, so she again put her hands behind her head and then moved her feet about two feet apart. After about five minutes, during which Jodie' was getting a little annoyed, Kyle put the magazine down and stood up.

“Now Jodie” he said “We need a slave name for you? When released from your submissive role you will be normal, smart business woman Jodie; unless told otherwise. However, when you are in your submissive role you will be ‘slutty Claudia’. Is that clear Claudia?”

Jodie, or Claudia as she now was, nodded compliance.

“Very well Claudia, we shall be going out. You may bring a small handbag with you, but make sure it is small. You have two minutes”.

Jodie quickly went to her room and came back down with a small black handbag and was met by Kyle as she reached the bottom of the stairs.

Kyle opened the front door for her and Claudia exited. “You are released from your submissive position now Claudia” Kyle said and Claudia lowered her hands to her sides.

Kyle walked across to the passenger side of his car and Claudia followed. She thought maybe she would be driving his car but slightly unexpectedly she found that he opened the door for her to get in, then waiting until she was comfortably seated, closed it.

She thought how strange this was as only a moment ago she was his ‘slave’ now he was treating her like the Lady of the Manor.

They drove out to a picturesque site where a small public house sat on the bank of a river. They sat on a picnic bench overlooking the river with a glass of wine and chatted and laughed about everything and nothing; everything except sex and submissive relationships.  Claudia found she really enjoyed his company even without the sexual element.

After an hour or so Kyle suggested they should be leaving so they made their way to his car and as before he opened the door for her and closed it once she was seated.

It was just becoming dusk as they turned into the small lane leading towards Claudia’s house.

A few yards down the lane Kyle stopped the car and said “Ok Claudia, please remove your dress, you may get out of the car if necessary”.

Claudia was completely taken aback as there had been no lead up to this. She hesitated slightly while she gathered her thoughts then opened the car door and got out. She reached up to the zip at the back of the dress and pulled it all the way down, then after slipping the dress off her shoulders she allowed it to drop down her legs.

She still held it with one hand so not to allow it to fall to the ground and bent forward to step out of it. In bending forward Claudia’s breasts swung forward allowing Kyle a rather pleasant view.

Claudia’s mind was racing as she thought about the fact that she was standing on a public road in only stockings, suspenders and 6” high heels. What if a car comes around the corner?

She also felt a slight breeze blow across her breasts causing her nipples to harden.

Claudia then got back into the car and closed the door sitting with the dress on her lap. “You can put the dress on the back seat” Kyle instructed.

Once they were on the move Claudia felt slightly more relaxed but she was getting slightly more aroused at the situation and what might follow. The thought of staining Kyle’s car seat also came into her mind and she clamped her thighs tightly together.

Halfway down the lane they reached the little red post box and Kyle stopped the car again.

“Could you just post a letter for me” Kyle asked “It’s in the glove box”.

Claudia opened the glove box and sure enough a letter already stamped was there. “There’s only one collection a day” Claudia offered.

“Post the letter please” Kyle said with a slightly stern reflection.

Claudia closed the glove box, opened the car door and got out clutching the letter. The letter box was on the other side of the road and about 15ft behind the car so Claudia would have to walk a little way. She was listening hard for any other vehicles and looking up and down the lane for any one out walking.

With no one in sight she did a short stepped tottering jog in her 6” heels to the letter box; she didn’t want to be out of the car any longer than was necessary.

Kyle watched in the rear view mirror, her breasts moved nicely as she jogged, and her butt had a nice wiggle.

Claudia heard the letter hit the bottom of the letter box and turned back towards the car as Kyle engaged first gear and accelerated away leaving Claudia stunned.

Her stomach had butterflies and her heart missed a beat, as she watched the car speed away leaving her provocatively dressed and almost naked, in the middle of nowhere. She started to run after the car but within a couple of seconds realised this was pointless; but she still kept running. Her breasts were now moving quite violently so she clutched one arm across them, partly to stop them moving and partly to cover herself.

Kyle must have been fifty yards away when she saw the brake lights come on and the car stopped. Still in a state of shock Claudia ran, well as quickly as she could in 6” high heels, towards the car. It took what seemed like ages to reach the car but the whole adventure had only lasted a minute at most.

As she approached the car, the passenger’s door opened and she quickly entered looking straight into Kyle’s beaming face.

“Did you enjoy that?” Kyle enquired. Claudia gave him a frosty looks as she sat down and closed the door. She was about to have a go at him as she felt a wave of arousal sweep over herself along with a sort of sense of achievement.

“I….” she stuttered “I…thought you were going off and leave me there, my heart missed a beat. However, I do feel quite aroused now.”

Claudia now became aware of the increased dampness between her legs and noticed she was sitting on a towel; Kyle had planned this all along!

“The thought of being seen in this outfit or caught in that predicament seems to have hit the spot” Claudia said “maybe you should make me run a little further next time”.

Kyle just smiled thinking Claudia might regret that comment as he drove the remaining ½ mile or so to Claudia’s house.

 “A coffee would be nice Claudia, and put your dress away please” Kyle said entering the lounge and sitting down.

Claudia went into the kitchen and put the coffee machine on while she went to put the dress away, remembering to hold her ‘submissive position’ thus she held the dress in her teeth, by its label as she proceeded up the stairs.

On returning she put the coffee on a tray, with two cups as yesterday, and took it through and put it on the table in front of Kyle. Again he was reading a magazine and did not look up, so she took her position of hands behind her head and her legs spread about two feet apart.

After a few minutes, during which Claudia’s legs were becoming uncomfortable in the 6” heels, Kyle said “Pour a coffee for me please.”

Claudia poured his coffee and was just about to pour one for herself, when Kyle said “Just for me”

Claudia a little shocked retook her pose.

“Now Claudia” Kyle continued “I have some instructions for you. Firstly you will send me photos of all your clothes, bras, panties, suspenders, skirts, tops, etc and also shoes. I will then instruct you which clothes to wear and when. You may choose yourself it I have not given you instructions. You may wear panties when not in your submissive role unless I command otherwise. Is that clear”

Claudia nodded.

“Secondly you will buy yourself a collar. This will be a suitable dog collar; you will decide it is suitable by trying it on in the shop. I have seen some nice red ones with little jewels.

Thirdly you will go and get this collar engraved with your name, ‘Slutty Claudia’. If asked about the collar or the name you will explain the collar is for you. Is that also clear?”

Claudia swallowed at the thought of doing all this in front of strangers.

“Very well; you may pour yourself a cup of coffee Jodie” Kyle said “Then come and sit”

He called me Jodie she thought, I must be released from my submissive role as she poured herself a cup.

They then sat and chatted for some while before Kyle announced he was leaving. Jodie felt a little disappointed as although she had been aroused during the incident in the lane no touching or anything else had happened. She was hoping there was going to be a little more physical submission.

As they reached the door Kyle said “You have done very well tonight Jodie so when I have gone you are to bring yourself to orgasm while thinking about the events of earlier tonight.” He then smiled and kissed her on the cheek.

“Oh by the way I shall expect you to send me the photos in the next day or so, and you should have your collar by the next time I call”.

Jodie gave an “Ok” and with that Kyle left.

**Chapter 6: The Collar**

Jodie was due in the office the following day so dressed in her normal chic but business-woman look. Nice lingerie, but practical, heels but not too high maybe 4” with a conservative skirt and top.

At lunchtime she drove out to a shopping centre that she knew had a pets centre. She entered with some trepidation and casually browsed the items until she came to a rack containing dog collars. An elderly couple were in the process of choosing one and she slowly wandered up the long rack displaying various types of collars.

Just looking wasn’t too stressful till towards the end of the rack she came to a range of collars in various colours; these also had the jewels that Kyle had mentioned. Butterflies in her stomach gave her a tense feeling.

She selected a red collar as Kyle had instructed; it was about 1 1/2” wide with white jewels at regular intervals. It did look quite attractive Jodie thought plus the D-ring for connection to a lead was midway along its length, so when at the front, the buckle would be the back and out of sight. Although Kyle hadn’t mentioned anything about a lead it didn’t take a genius to imagine a lead would be connected at some point.

The label on the collar said 16”, was this the correct size? Oh why didn’t she think to have measured her neck first so she would know which sizes to try. She pulled it round into a circle and did it up on the loosest hole. It looked far too big.

She then readjusted it so it was on the tightest hole; it still looked too big. There was no way to determine if it was the right size; she was going to have to try it on.

Another person then appeared and stood next to her, he was her age and quite handsome. He looked at her, then the collar in her hand. Oh I hope he doesn’t start talking to me Jodie thought as the butterflies in her stomach took over again.

Panicking slightly Jodie quickly put the collar back and went off to look at caged birds, hoping they would calm her nerves. After a few minutes she wandered back to the collars; the young man had gone and the elderly couple were just moving away with their selected collar.

Jodie again picked up the 16” collar and looking around slipped around her neck. She fumbled with the buckle and finally engaged the strap pulling it to a suitably tight position. No matter how she tried she couldn’t engage the pin through the last hole; in fact she couldn’t find the last hole.

What she needed was a mirror, but where was she going to find a mirror in pet store; even the most dedicated pet owner would likely not show their pet its reflection in a mirror.

Should she buy all three sizes; then select the correct one in the privacy of her own home. She looked at the price tag, £16. That’s nearly £50 in total she thought, plus wasn’t doing this and getting that buzz was what it was all about? She now realised she was quite aroused and quite wet.

She removed the collar and picked up the next size down a 14” collar; again she did it up in her hand to assess the size, this looked better. Sliding the collar around her neck she engaged the strap first time and pulled it tight enough so it was a snug fit around her neck.

Finding the appropriate hole was again difficult and she finally managed just as the man from earlier reappeared but this time with the sales assistant. They both gave Jodie a strange look as they walked past down to the other end of the display. Jodie now having decided this was the correct size, frantically tried to take the collar off, but the harder she tried to undo it the more confused she got pulling the buckle the wrong way.

From the corner of her eye she could see the man and the sales assistant talking and looking at her. They must think I’m some sort of pervert she thought; should I walk past and say it’s for a party?

Deciding this was probably worse than saying nothing she finally managed to remove the collar and almost at the same time the young man and the sales assistant turned and walked away around the corner of the display leaving Jodie on her own once again.

Feeling slightly more relaxed she was just about to start towards the check-out when the elderly woman from earlier came up from behind her saying “That’s a lovely collar dear, what sort of dog is it for?”

Taken completely by surprise Jodie replied “It isn’t, it’s for me” Then realising what she had said she quickly walked away towards the check-out.

Typical; there was a queue, what’s more the man from earlier was being served by the assistant who had given her the ‘perv’ look at the display; there was an elder man next, then Jodie.

The sales assistant and the man again gave Jodie a strange look as the elderly woman Jodie has confessed all to, also joined the elderly man in the queue. She looked Jodie squarely in the eye and said “That collar does suit you dear, I hope your master likes it”.

Jodie was surprised by the comment as the elderly man looked at the collar then towards her and said

“Yes, a really good choice my dear, is the rest of your costume red also? It’s so erotic”

This comment completely stunned Jodie such that she was no longer embarrassed, even the disapproving looks of the sales assistant couldn’t phase her now.  She was just thinking what the elderly couple got up to in the privacy of their own home.

The remainder of the day passed slowly as Jodie just wanted to get home to try her collar again and see how she looked wearing it.

When finally home she made her way to her bedroom. She thought she would enhance the look by removing her out clothes so she was standing in front of the full length mirror in her bedroom wearing a black plunging uplift bra and matching suspenders and panties with black stockings.

She slid the bright red collar around her neck and did it up, being able to see what she was doing in the mirror helped greatly. On almost the tightest position the collar was a comfortable snug fit. She twisted it around so the buckle was at the back and the D-ring was at the front with the little jewels equally spaced either side.

She did a few little poses and thought how it added an extra sexy look to her already sexy outfit and pose. Enjoying the feeling this created she decided to remain dressed like this while she prepared herself a light meal. She pranced around her kitchen as though in a lap dancing club then perched on a stool at the breakfast bar to eat.

She was totally engrossed in her mood, sitting with legs crossed, then legs wide apart as if displaying herself to punters in the imaginary lap dancing club. She did the little girl lost pose, the tip of one finger of her left hand placed on pouting lips while the index finger of her right hand stroked slowly up her pussy.

This was starting to get her really aroused so she went back up the full length mirror in the bedroom and stuck the same pose, repeatedly running the finger up and down her pussy through the thin lacy material of her panties. Soon the wetness of her pussy was soaking its way through the material; she let out a little sigh as she rubbed a little quicker and a little harder.

Ripples of pleasure started to lap over her body to such an extent she moved over to the bed and lay down. Then pushing the material of her panties aside she slid a single finger into a hot, slippery love hole.

Her breaths quickened as she then withdrew the finger and circled her pussy with the occasional circle around and over her clit. As this continued she could feel the initial tremors of an orgasm building.

Quickening the movements the tremors built, until with a sigh and a loud cry; she came.

Lying on the bed recovering with her mind drifting she became aware of the door bell ringing. Who on earth could this be so early in the evening? It was barely 6-30pm.

**Chapter 7: The Long Walk**

Jodie quickly pulled a bathrobe around herself and went down to the door. Opening it from behind the door, so only her head was visible, Jodie looked out to see Kyle standing there.

“Hello Jodie, I don’t suppose you expected me” Kyle said smiling.

Jodie’s face also lit into a smile “No, won’t you come in Kyle” she said opening the door wide, then wondering what her make-up looked like after the exertions of her orgasm.

“Would you like a coffee or something Kyle” she asked.

“Yes a coffee please would be really nice” he replied.

“Have a seat in the lounge Kyle, I’ll bring it through” Jodie said hoping she could then pop up to the bedroom and check her appearance and make good any blemishes.

“The kitchen will be fine” Kyle commented walking through to the kitchen.

Hell ! Jodie thought as she lead the way to the kitchen, now what do I do? She put the coffee on and stood slightly conscious of her appearance when Kyle said “I think you should lose the bathrobe Jodie and let Claudia out”.

Jodie’s mind raced, what was her state of dress? Were panties straight or twisted up from the ecstasy of the orgasm, were the tops of her thighs glistening with her love juices?

Then another thought hit her, if she was going to migrate from Jodie to Slutty Claudia the panties would have to go! What would Kyle do, ask her to deposit them somewhere or ask for them as in the restaurant on the first meeting?

If the latter and he sniffed them, then she would be lost, he would know of her orgasm or at least her arousal.

She was still trying to think of a way out as she undid the robe and slipped it off.

“Oh, very nice Claudia” Kyle commented “I was not expecting such an arousing site.” Claudia tried to stand tall and proud although she felt like trying to hide her sexy assets.

“Please pass me the robe Claudia; then remove your panties” Kyle continued.

“I must look a mess, I wasn’t expecting you, in fact I was just going to have a shower, you must….” Claudia said in a never ending stream until abruptly stopped by Kyle.

“You are now Slutty Claudia, you do not speak unless spoken to. You must learn to control your tongue”. Kyle said sternly.

Claudia stepped out of her panties and scrunched them up in one hand moving it behind her back trying to hide them – thinking along the ‘out of sight out of mind’ theory.

This in hindsight probably only made Kyle more aware that something was amiss. He held out his hand. “Panties please Claudia”.

Claudia reluctantly opened her hand and let the panties drop into Kyle’s hand. “Claudia!” he said instantly. “These are soaked, you slutty girl. First you talk without permission now this. I think this punishment may bring both misdemeanours to the fore in your mind!”

Kyle held the panties up, then turning them inside out he scrunched them into a ball. “Open” he said as the love juice soaked panties approached Claudia’s mouth.

Claudia opened her mouth and Kyle pushed them in. He had obviously taken care to scrunch them up as the soaking crotch lay on Claudia’s tongue allowing her to savour her own juices.

“Now” Kyle said sternly “Go to your room and get your wrists cuffs and put them on. But don’t link them. Oh and take the robe with you.”

Kyle passed the robe to Claudia who laid it over her shoulder then placed her hands behind her head. This pose together with the uplift bra she was wearing created an even more delicious cleavage. Claudia wiggled out of the kitchen still wearing her 4” heels and up to her room.

She first hung up the robe then located the wrist cuffs and buckled one on each wrist. She placed her hands behind her head again before returning to the kitchen. Kyle had already poured a cup of coffee and was sitting on a stool at the breakfast bar.

Claudia took her submissive pose in the kitchen and awaited further instructions from Kyle.

“Have you the photos of your clothes ready for me yet?” Kyle asked “I see you have purchased the collar.”

Claudia shook her head to the first question and nodded for the second. Her mouth being filled with the love juice soaked panties prevented any answer.  The taste of herself filled her mouth and although the panties were soaked they still seemed to dry her mouth out; she really wanted a coffee.

Kyle sipped his coffee slowly. “Come to me and turn around” he commanded. Claudia did as he requested. “You may lower your arms “.

Claudia again did as requested but as her arms reached her sides Kyle pulled them behind her back and snapped the link that had been dangling from one cuff to the other.

A wave of excitement washed over Claudia as she tested the bond between her cuffed wrists. “Now turn around and kneel” Kyle commanded causing butterflies in her stomach as she complied.

Kyle put down his empty cup and then reached down and unleashed his hard cock from his trousers. Claudia stared intently at it as it was only a few inches in front of her face.

The soaked panties were then pulled from her mouth as Kyle put a hand behind her head and pulled her onto himself.

Claudia’s mouth was now filled with another different tasting intruder.

“Now then Claudia, you being constantly aroused and wet, show me how good you really are”.

Claudia moved her head back so just the tip of his cock was in her mouth; then began slowly circling it with her tongue and sucking slightly. This continued with little thrusting movements of her head so his cock slid deeper into her mouth.

Kneeling with her wrists cuffed behind herself made balancing slightly difficult, plus the floor was none to soft and her knees were starting to hurt. Her movement got slightly stronger and more deliberate as she heard Kyle moan slightly.

Rolling her tongue around the head of his cock seemed to bring the loudest moans so she concentrated on this with the occasional deep plunge.

Sensing Kyle was approaching an orgasm, as he started to trust back; she started to think what should she do when he started to cum? What would he do?

Should she pull away, then he would cum in her face or over her breasts and over her bra. She didn’t like cum over her face.

Or should she let him cum in her mouth? Then should she spit or swallow? Would he tell her what he wanted?

She was rolling her tongue around the tip of his cock resulting in a long louder moan from Kyle. Leaning forward to allow him to trust deeper into her mouth, she over balanced and her head lurched forward until her nose hit Kyle’s pubic bone.

However this meant the full length of Kyle’s cock thrust into her mouth and down her throat making her gag as he came. Being this deep inside her, she had no choice but to swallow while trying to regain her balance.

With her head still resting against Kyle she felt him shudder as his knees trembled. Finally pulling her head back and off Kyle’s cock; coughing and spluttering she regained her balance.

She looked up at Kyle who had a distant look on his face, but a satisfied look also.

“Very good Claudia” he said pushing the panties back in her mouth.

Claudia was less than impressed at this action with the taste of his cum deep in her throat and mouth.

“I just need to clean myself up a little Claudia, please show me to your washroom.” Claudia rose to her feet somewhat unsteadily and led the way.

Kyle entered the washroom while Claudia waited obediently outside.

When he came out he returned to the kitchen and Claudia, with hands still cuffed behind her back followed. “I think you deserve a coffee Claudia” Kyle said sitting on one of the breakfast bar stools and poured two cups of coffee.

“Turn around” Claudia turned around and Kyle removed the link between the cuffs and slipped it in his pocket. “Now let me remove those panties so you can drink.”

Kyle lay the panties on the worktop next to his coffee and beckoned Claudia to sit on the adjacent stool.

Kyle then engaged Claudia in conversation of a non-sexual nature and they chatted for some while.  After another coffee and a few biscuits later she looked up at the clock, they had been chatting for a couple of hours, yet it only seemed like minutes. They did appear to get along very well.

Noticing Claudia look at the clock, Kyle said “I think it’s time we were going out”.

Claudia was about to reply – Now? Where? – but remembered her lowly position in time.

Kyle rose from the stool and turned and walked into the hall, Jodie followed close behind. Then on reaching the front door Kyle opened it for Claudia, but still dressed in only bra, suspenders and stockings and heels, she stopped.

Surprised at being expected to leave the house in such a state of undress, she said “Shouldn’t I change first Kyle?”

“Will you never learn girl!” Kyle said in an annoyed voice that hurt Claudia. “Open” Kyle continued and the love juice panties again approached Claudia’s mouth. She dutifully opened her mouth and the stale love juice soaked panties entered returning a cold bitter taste. “This will be the standard method of keeping you quiet I fear”.

Standing holding the door open Kyle twisted his head with a nodding movement, indicating Claudia should leave the house. Claudia walked a few steps out into her drive way feeling the cool evening breeze across her butt and the tops of her thighs. They still being slightly wet from her earlier activity, the breeze gave her quite a cold feeling, not to mention the thought of being semi-naked in the open.

Kyle pulled the door shut; then held up Claudia’s set of keys to show that they weren’t now locked out. He walked across to his car and opened the passenger’s door for her; Claudia got in and felt the coldness of the leather seat on her exposed butt.

Immediately she thought how she had likely already made a damp patch on the seat. Kyle closed the door and went around the car and got in. Claudia was nervous, where was he taking her dressed like this, she was likely to get arrested if found in a public place wearing no panties and just bra, suspenders and heels.

They drove down to the end of Claudia’s drive and turned right onto the little lane as dusk was just turning to darkness. The lights of the car shone brightly, lighting up the trees and hedgerows as they sped down the lane. After only a minute or so Kyle slowed down and stopped in the middle of the lane, then he reversed backwards off the lane into a gap in the hedgerow into a field. With car now completely off the road and the engine stopped Kyle turned to Claudia saying, “Now Claudia, I want you to get out close the door then walk around to my side of the car.”

Claudia opened the door an slowly got out looking intently towards the lane, with no one in sight she closed the door and walked around to Kyle’s side of the car as ordered.

Kyle had already wound the window down as Claudia approached, “Turn around with your back towards me and your wrists behind your back.” Kyle instructed.

A shiver ran down Claudia’s back but from the excitement of the situation and the ‘clink’ as Kyle used the link to join the cuffs behind her back.

Claudia pulled at the cuffs feeling her restraint and her exposed helplessness, her breasts heaved as she took a deep breath. She felt the increased dampness around her pussy and how the breeze resulted in a cold feeling.

“Now Claudia, we are only a few hundred yards from your drive way so it shouldn’t take you long to make your way home. It’s 9-45pm now, so I shall expect you home by 10pm.” Kyle said starting the car and engaging first gear.

Claudia felt a ripple of fear and also excitement, she tried to complain but the love juice soaked panties in her mouth just resulted in “Yuuuuuarrrtttmeeee” response. The car pulled forward and Claudia walked a few steps alongside looking at Kyle with a pleading ‘please don’t do this, don’t leave me here’ look. But Kyle wasn’t looking and turned left into the lane and drove off leaving Claudia with her dripping pussy exposed to anyone that came along.

Standing on the edge of the lane Claudia watched the car drive away, she was hoping as last time he would stop a little way down the lane. Making her think he was leaving her but really just doing it for effect, but he had gone much further than last time and there was little sign of him stopping as the lights got further away until they disappeared around the corner.

Taking a step or further into the lane to try and see further around the corner all Claudia could see was the light from the headlights getting further away as they lit up the trees a distance in front of the car.

Now it was confirmed that Kyle was indeed leaving her there to make her own way back home Claudia tried to take stock of her situation.

The moon was shining brightly through the gaps in the cloud giving her surroundings an eerie feeling; the branches of the trees casting menacing looking shadows.

Suddenly she saw a figure lurking about 20 yards away on the other side of the hedgerow. Claudia stood stock still, part in shock and part not trying to attract their attention. After a few seconds and with no moment from the figure Claudia wondered whether her mind was playing tricks on her.

Should she move and attract their attention? Surely they would know she was there after all not a minute ago a car with head lights blazing had dropped her off and sped off down the lane. Perhaps the figure was further back in the woods at that point and hadn’t seen her get out. What should she do?

She waited a little longer; still no movement so she tried to back into the gap from where she had come; then hide behind the edge of the hedge. Slowly so not as to make a noise she took a step, then another. Finally she was behind the hedge. She peeped over the top and looked intently at the figure; still no movement. A cloud scudded across in front of the moon and everything went dark for a few seconds.

Oh why had Kyle left her here alone and exposed; or was this another trick? Was this an accomplice?

Kyle had never mentioned anyone to her in any of their conversations and she didn’t think he would bring anyone into their relationship – well not so soon anyway. She took another look, surely if it was a person they would have moved by now?

She decided she was not going to stay there all night, so she started to creep step by step along the other side of the hedge. She got closer and closer; still no movement. Then as she was now only a few yards away she realised it was not a figure at all just a broken branch sticking up from the hedge.

The moonlight had indeed played tricks with her mind! However the sense of vulnerability had aroused her.

Once again she took stock of the situation; so there she was; wrists cuffed behind her back, gagged by her own panties which resulted in her pussy being on show, wearing a black uplift bra with a plunging front, black suspenders stockings and high heels, alone and about ½ mile or so from home.

She then recalled her comment to Kyle after the last adventure ‘You will have to make me run a bit further next’ how this had come back to haunt her.

She listened hard for the noise of any approaching vehicle and looked both ways for the sign of any lights. Although this was a very quiet country lane, cars did drive along it from time to time.

She started towards her house, the ‘clack, clack, clack’ sound of her heels on the road seemed to fill the air. She started to jog a little; short little steps that caused her breasts to bounce rhythmically.

After a 100yards or so she was getting tired so she slowed to a walking pace. ‘Clack, clack, clack’ the sound of the heels still rang out. Until now she had never realised how loud they were, so loud in fact they drowned out other noises. Other noises, she thought and turned around. To her horror she could see the lights of a car approaching. Now frozen by panic the sound from the car was clear, had she not have been jogging she would have heard it approaching; now what was she to do?

The vision of a semi naked girl with cuffed wrists caught in the headlights like a startled rabbit went through her mind; but hell it made her feel so horny!

The car was two or three corners away so its occupant or occupants wouldn’t see her until they were quite close. She had perhaps 30 seconds until they were on her!

What should she do, let them find her and pretend she had been attacked? She instantly dismissed this as would bring in the police and would be too dangerous and embarrassing.

So hide in the ditch to her right, it was quite deep, muddy and had painful looking nettles in it; this would be a last resort.

Looking down the lane away from the approaching car there were just hedges on both sides. Looking back towards the car there was a gap in the hedge, but it was 20 yards away, could she get there in time?

She would have to try, if not there in time she would have to hide in the ditch. She ran as fast as she could in her heels, now thinking it would have been better to have slipped them off, but it was too late now. Stopping to remove them would take too long. She could see the headlights getting closer; she tried to run a little faster, but heels and her wrists cuffed behind her back were a real handicap.

She realised she wouldn’t reach the gap in the hedge in time and was just about to slide into the ditch when she noticed there was a large tree in the hedge row a few yards before the gap in the hedge. The trunk of the tree stuck out past the line of the hedgerow by about a foot or so.

If she pushed into the hedge just behind the tree it is possible they wouldn’t see her. Still running as fast as she could she reached the tree as the car rounded the corner. Not being able to stop herself in heels her momentum took her into the hedge next to the tree giving her more cover than she imagined or hoped for.

The car went past, but as she was still face first in the hedge Claudia didn’t see whether those inside the car had seen her or even being looking in her direction.

She tried to pull herself from the hedge, her hair was caught in some small branches and her stockings had been snagged. When she managed to free herself the car was a considerable distance away and moving further away all the time. If whoever was in it had seen her they would have stopped by now.

Claudia looked down at her torn stockings through the strands of her hair that now hung down in front of her face. Her wrists being cuffed behind her back, she could not move the hair from her face other than try and flick it back into place with violent toss of her head. This worked to some extent but as she started to walk towards her house once more the strands fell back down again.

Now the panic had subsided she realised the tops of her thighs were damp, her arousal was intense.  She wanted to pleasure herself, but there was no way she could reach with her hands; cuffed as they were. She rubbed her thighs together trying to increase the physical sensations. She hoped Kyle would do something to her to release the sexual tension when she reached home.

She flicked her hair back out of her face again and  repeated this a couple of times before she decided to forget it, she would just have to look as though dragged through a hedge backwards; which under the circumstances was not far from the truth.

Now stopping every few steps to listen for approaching cars and constantly looking around Claudia slowly made progress towards the driveway leading to her house. She rounded a corner and could now she the end of her drive only 100 yards or so ahead. This lifted her spirits and she did a short stepped jog once more.

Her breasts again bounced to the rhyme of her jog, jutting out due to the uplift of the bra and her wrists cuffed behind her back, they felt as though they might jump out of the bra cups at any moment.

She reached her driveway and with a breast heaving sigh and turned into it. The stony drive way was not that easy to negotiate in high heels so she tried walking on the grassy verges at the side. This however meant her heels sunk in, but eventually she found the grassy strip running down the centre of the drive between the wheel tracks was a fairly smooth and hard enough to not let her heels sink in.

The light from the windows of her house was lighting her way and she could see the front door open. Kyle was standing there waiting for her.

Kyle waked a few steps towards her and putting his arm around her shoulder said “You have done very well Claudia, and it is still a couple of minutes to 10. The experience had lasted less than 15 minutes but surely it was longer, the incident with the car seemed to have lasted ages.

Kyle lead her into the hall closed the door then led her into the kitchen where there was a nice smell of coffee and sat Claudia up on one of the stools with her back to the breakfast bar.

“Legs apart” Kyle commanded and Claudia spread her legs out in a ‘resigned to whatever was going to happen’ movement. However she was surprised by what happened next.

Kyle went down on his knees between her legs and his tongue licked slowly up her slit. Claudia let out a loud sigh that was muffed by the panties still in her mouth.

Kyle licked again; another sigh. Then the licks got slightly quicker and reached up to her clit; his tongue delicately circling around it, then darting back down to her slit trying to push its way in.

More licks and tongue probing and clit sucking was soon increasing Claudia to a state of ecstasy, she was moaning with head thrown back and eyes closed. Kyle changed from tongue to fingers probing her hot wet slit with rhythmic thrusts. Claudia, when logical thought was possible, thought how expert his tonguing and fingering was!

More thrusts, then his tongue returned to darting in and out and licking her slit and circling her clit; this finally brought her to a huge orgasm. She moaned and cried out loudly, louder than she thought she had ever cried before, but the panties were holding so much back.

Still surrounded in clouds of ecstasy she felt Kyle pull the panties from her mouth and release the link from the cuffs allowing her arms to fall by her sides. Then while still feeling the last remaining ripples of the orgasm she felt herself being swept up in his arms and carried into the lounge.

Kyle lay her down on the sofa. Claudia opened her eyes as Kyle placed a soft kiss on her lips.

“There Jodie, lay and rest a while” Kyle said.

Picking up on ‘Jodie’ and not Claudia, Jodie releaised she was released from her submissive role and put her arms around Kyle and pulled him onto her lips for a long kiss.
