---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Ensign's Fantasies 2
authors:
- Cindy
tags:
- M+/f
- drugged
- collar
- electro
- forced
- sex
- oral
- anal
- vr
- fantasy
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**An Ensign's Fantasies**](ensigns_fantasies.html))_

_**Part 2**_

_The following narrative is that of a retired Starfleet commander. At his request he will remain anonymous and all names used throughout are changed to protect the innocent (and/or guilty)._

_It took me several days to get my head together after my session with Ensign Brightlove's holodeck fantasy Diana1001. The holodeck fantasy had imposed not only a different body on me but emotions as well. My true self had been pushed back in my consciousness and almost all my thoughts and feelings were those of a girl in distress. I had been through many holodeck scenarios in the past but had never experienced such a complete immersion. I well remembered the degradation I had gone through but also remembered the pleasure I had experienced. It was with some trepidation that I decided to try another of Ensign Brightlove's programs. I thought I would try a different numeric sequence. I had double checked several short programs to assure that the "Computer end program" would work properly. I donned a VR cap and commanded, "Computer start Diana2301."_

_-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------_

_I woke lying on my bed in my own bedroom. Something was not right. My arms were up over my head and they wouldn't move. I twisted my head and saw my wrists were handcuffed to the head of the bed. I felt a ball stuffed in my mouth that I couldn't dislodge. Lifting my head, I could see my tits were bare. My jacket and blouse were unbuttoned and my bra was pushed up off my tits. Further I saw my skirt was pushed up around my waist and I was naked from the waist down. My shoes, tights and panties had been removed. My pussy felt sore and I knew I had been screwed while I was unconscious._

_I recalled being at the club I frequented on Friday nights with the other girls from my office. I had been having a drink at the bar while waiting for them. I wasn't averse to letting a man pick me up for the night when things seemed to go right, but I couldn't remember meeting anyone. I had no memory of bringing anyone home._

_Someone stepped into my view at the foot of the bed. It was Jerry, a lowlife that showed up at the club once in a while. He had tried to cozy up to me and some of the other girls, but we had always rebuffed him. He had always seemed a sleazy coarse lowlife that we wanted nothing to do with. Now I could recall he had sat next to me at the bar and tried to strike up a conversation._

_"Well princess, I'm glad to see you're finally awake. Screwing you was OK before but I'll like it better with you cooperating."_

_The idea of having sex with him was repugnant. My face must have shown my feelings as he went on, "I put my collar on you. With that on you're going to do whatever I want or suffer the consequences."_

_He pulled something out of his pocket and said, "This is level one."_

_I felt a splitting headache. It only lasted a moment and then was gone._

_"Now I'm going to let you loose but remember I just have to push a button here and you'll feel the pain. It can go all the way to level 10."_

_He came around to the side of the bed, unfastened the handcuffs and I sat up, pulled down my bra and pushed my skirt down on my legs. I reached behind my head and unbuckled the straps to the gag in my mouth, pulled out the gag and tossed it away. I felt a thin metal collar around my neck but it felt smooth all around and I couldn't detect a clasp. I thought removing it could wait. I was bigger than him and felt sure I was in better shape and could beat him and take the controller from him._

_I barely started swinging my legs to the side of the bed when I felt searing pain up and down my spine. It doubled me over and I nearly fell off the bed._

_"Careful princess, if you try anything you're just going to get more pain. Now are you going to do what I tell you?"_

_"Alright. what do you want?"_

_"Take my cock out and lick it."_

_I was disgusted at the idea but I knew I didn't want the pain again. I unzipped his pants and freed his cock. I thought I would gag at just the sight of that cock with its bulbous purple head, but I proceeded to bend down and lick it._

_When he told me to turn my head left to the vidcam, smile and lick my lips, I did as I was told. I saw he had a vidcam on my dresser recording the scene. I suspected he was probably recording me willingly having sex so I could not complain of rape to police._

_"Get up on the bed on your hands and knees. Pull your skirt all the way up. Spread your legs. There, that's a pretty cunt."_

_My pussy was dry but I suffered through it as he knelt behind me and impaled me. I hoped he'd be quick but it seemed he went on screwing me for an interminable time. I suppose because he had already screwed me once, it took longer for him to reach another climax. Finally with a few hard thrusts I felt his cum spewing into my pussy. Now I only hoped he would get up and leave. I only wanted a hot shower to try to feel clean again._

_I sat up on the side of the bed as he got up and rearranged his clothes. He left saying,"You're a great fuck princess. Good night. I'll see you tomorrow."_

_"I'm not your princess! My name is Janet." I probably spent half an hour trying to find a clasp on the collar. I finally gave it up and determined to get hold of my girlfriend, Barbara, at the fire department, to see if she could get the tools to cut it off. I stripped and went to the bathroom to douche thoroughly, then showered scrubbing hard to rid myself of the dirty feeling he left me with._

_After a restless night, I called Barbara and told her what I needed. She told me to come by the fire station about noon and she would get the collar off. Just before noon I arrived at the station and we went off to a quiet area where she brought her tools. Nothing she tried would even leave a mark on the collar. She said, "It must be some kind of super alloy. The only other tools I can think of to use would be the jaws of life or a laser torch but those would kill you before they got through the collar."_

_I thanked her for trying and left to return to my apartment. I was thoroughly depressed about being forced to service Jerry whenever he wanted. The thought of having regular sex with him sickened me. Short of suicide, which I just wasn't ready for, I saw no way out. I busied myself about the apartment for the rest of the afternoon. Early in the evening my communicator chimed for someone at the front door. The door monitor showed it was Jerry. I told him to go away but I saw him take out his control. As he pushed a button, I got the same splitting headache as I had the night before. I commanded the computer to release the door and I watched as he entered. He was at my apartment in a few minutes and I let him in. He walked on into my bedroom and I followed._

_"OK princess, you know what I want. Strip and get up on the bed on your hands and knees."_

_Remembering the pain he caused before, I did as I was told. Without benefit of any sort of foreplay, he screwed me doggy style. I felt grateful that he was quick and hoped he was satisfied and would leave soon. As he withdrew, I got up and reached for my robe._

_He said, "Don't bother with that. You need to get cleaned up and get ready to go out. Tonight you're going to be whoring for me."_

_"What are you talking about, you slimy bastard? I'm not about to be your whore."_

_"I told you you were going to do what I said. Let's see how you like level 5."_

_He pressed a button on his controller and suddenly my whole body was engulfed in fiery pain. Somebody screamed and I realized it was me just as the whole world went black._

_I came to lying curled up on the floor. Jerry was sitting in a bedside chair._

_"Now princess, are you ready to do what I tell you?"_

_I meekly nodded agreement, too afraid to suffer that pain again._

_"Clean up the mess you made and then get yourself cleaned up and dressed to go out."_

_I got cleaning supplies and cleaned up where I had apparently been sick and lost control of my bladder. Finished with that I went and showered. After the shower I picked out fresh underclothes and a skirt and blouse. I took them back to the bathroom and dressed there. Back in the bedroom I applied light makeup and stepped into a pair of pumps._

_"Let's go princess." I followed him out to his hovercar and got in the passenger seat. We drove to an area of the city I wasn't familiar with and pulled into a motel with an adjoining bar. He registered in the office, then brought me to a room on the ground floor. Inside he commanded,"Strip."_

_I stripped completely naked. He rolled up my clothes into a bundle. He held out his hand with a couple of pills. I asked, "What are those?"_

_"Tranquilizers. They'll help you calm down and relax."_

_I took them to the bathroom and downed them with a glass of water._

_"You'll stay here for the evening and I'll send your customers over. You're going to give them whatever they want, like a good little whore. Unless you want more of level five. Got it?"_

_I was terrified of that pain and I nodded in agreement. He left, taking my clothes out with him. I pulled back the bedcovers and sat in the bed, pulling the covers up around my shoulders. In a little while I felt zoned out and I realized Jerry's tranquilizers were having an effect. At least I wasn't feeling depressed any longer about my situation._

_A man came in using a keycard Jerry had given to him. He asked, "You're Janet?"_

_I nodded yes._

_"I'm Mike. Jerry said you'd be waiting for me."_

_He proceeded to strip naked, then reached down and pulled the covers away from me._

_"Let's see what the merchandise looks like. Not bad! That's a nice looking rack."_

_He grabbed my ankles and pulled me down to lay flat. He got on the bed pushing my legs apart and quickly penetrated me and laid down on top of me, crushing my boobs under him. I felt thoroughly mortified to be so readily used by a complete stranger. The feeling was only momentary as my pussy betrayed me. It had all it wanted as it was stuffed full and was being fully stroked. A warm feeling of desire spread from between my legs throughout my body. All I wanted was that cock thrusting in my pussy and I tried to wriggle about to get more of it in. All too soon I felt his cum flooding my pussy. He stopped humping me and I could feel his erection going away and then slipping out. There was nothing I could do but watch him dress and leave._

_Laying there alone and horny, my fingers made their way to my clit. I was interrupted as another man came in and greeted me with, "How ya doin'? Looks like you're all ready for me." As he stood by the bed and started unbuttoning his shirt, I sat up and unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. I wanted a cock in my pussy now. I pushed down his pants and underpants and grasped his flaccid cock. I pumped it lightly and watched his erection grow. I wanted to pull it down between my legs, but he stepped closer placing his cock in my face. I had once had a boyfriend who talked me into blow jobs, but I never cared for getting a mouthful of cum. Now it appeared I had no choice but to do it again. I put my tongue out and licked at it but he pushed further until the head was in my mouth. I pumped his shaft and continued licking until I thought I felt his cock stiffen and pulse. I drew my head back getting his cock out of my mouth and was splattered with a spurt of cum right between my eyes. He pulled my head forward ramming his cock into my throat and I felt more of his cum going down my throat. Some of his cum dripped on my tongue as he withdrew. He told me, "Lick it clean." which I did._

_As soon as he pulled his pants back up, I got up and went to the bathroom. I washed my face and thoroughly rinsed my mouth, only wishing I had some mouthwash. I walked out of the bathroom just as another man came in. I returned to the bed and watched as he stripped and laid down beside me. His cock was still flaccid so I took it in hand and pumped lightly. That didn't accomplish much and he suggested sucking on it. I continued pumping as I got the head in my mouth. As his cock reached an erection he pushed me back, positioned himself between my legs and quickly penetrated my pussy. It only took moments for me to reach an orgasm and I laid there in the blissful aftermath as he kept pumping. With no decent foreplay and considering my reluctance at screwing absolute strangers, I should not have been feeling so horny nor have reached an orgasm so quickly. I had to suspect that one of Jerry's so called tranquilizers must have been an aphrodisiac. I was sure of it when the man finally climaxed and withdrew and my pussy felt like it needed more._

_The next man in seemed more interested in playing with my tits than with screwing me. He sat beside me on the bed and gently massaged my boobs and gently pinched my nipples. It felt delightful but I really wanted his cock in my pussy. He knelt between my legs but then bent over me to suck at my nipples while I could feel his cock waving against my thighs. I was ready to scream at him to stick it in when finally he put it in. It felt wonderful to have my pussy stuffed full again and I soon reached another orgasm._

_The next couple of men went pretty much the same way. My pussy got stuffed full and I had more orgasms. I had to wonder how many orgasms I could stand and how much cum my pussy could take._

_Another one came in wanting a blowjob. He sat on the bed and had me kneel on the floor between his legs. I started to use my hand to pump his shaft but he pulled it away and holding my head, had me bob up and down while I sucked his cock. When he climaxed it felt like he filled my mouth with his cum. I quickly swallowed but could still taste the saltiness of it._

_I lost count of how many men used me through the evening as a constant succession of them came in. For the most part all I had to do was lay on my back and spread my legs. There were a couple more that wanted blow jobs and several that needed their cocks sucked to get them erect. My pussy was thoroughly used and I did have several orgasms._

_Many managed to feel up my tits and ass. The lighter fondlings were enjoyable though some of the groping was rough. The strangest request was the man who wanted me to squeeze my tits around his cock as he pumped between them. I just laid there watching his cock pushing between my tits. I was surprised when he ejaculated and his cum squirted out far enough to reach my eye. I barely got my eyes closed before the cum splattered over my cheek and eyelid. A second squirt got my ear and went in my hair. Opening my good eye, I watched as the rest of his cum dribbled out on my chest and neck. When he got off me I dashed to the bathroom to wipe it all off._

_Later another man held me spooned against him while he reached around me to fondle my tits. It was enjoyable but I could feel his erection against my ass. I felt horny and wanted him to stick his cock in me. I wiggled my ass against him. He pushed me away until my torso was perpendicular to his. I raised my leg and he manipulated his cock to enter my pussy. As his cock penetrated me he seemed to hit a sensitive spot. It was like an electric shock that flashed through my whole body. It seemed intense enough to be painful but was pleasurable at the same time. The feeling came again each time he thrust into me. I felt an orgasm building and it hit quickly but didn't stop but just kept rolling on. My whole body seemed to continuously pulse as I was overcome with wave after wave of pleasure. As I felt him cumming the intensity subsided but when he finally withdrew I felt like my body had turned to jelly. It seemed as if I had no muscle control left to me. I was totally wasted and the next couple of men got no more from me than they would have from a plastic doll._

_I was still feeling weak when I heard another arrival, "You've got a real pretty ass. I'm gonna enjoy fucking that."_

_"No, not in my ass."_

_I closed my legs and crossed my ankles. It didn't do me any good as he forced me over on my stomach. He held me down with his hands on my ass cheeks and used his knees to spread my legs. I felt him spread my cheeks and he spit on my asshole and rubbed it around with a finger._

_As his cock started to penetrate, I complained, "That hurts."_

_"Just relax sweetcheeks. I'll go nice and slow."_

_I tried to relax and let him penetrate without resistance. He pushed his cock in very slowly while I was held pinned under him. He seemed to push in forever before I finally felt his balls reach my crotch. I was surprised that nothing seemed torn or contorted. It felt as though I was stuffed impossibly full._

_He let himself down to rest on top of me, saying, "Sweetcheeks you sure are tight. Anybody'd think you were still a virgin down there."_

_"I was before you came along."_

_"You mean I busted your cherry. Now that's something to celebrate. You're sure to remember good ol' Luke as the man who got your cherry."_

_"There's nothing for me to celebrate."_

_"You had to break it in sooner or later. Might as well be somebody like me who appreciates it. I'll be sure to take it slow and easy for you."_

_He raised up his torso and proceeded to hump my ass with short slow strokes. As he neared ejaculation, he drew back, almost pulling his cock out of my ass, then rammed his full length back in. I could feel his cock pulsing as he spewed his cum in my ass. He let himself down, resting on my back and asked, "Was that good for you sweetcheeks?"_

_"It didn't do anything for me! Are you going to get that thing out of me?"_

_"In a minute. Just let me catch my breath."_

_I felt mortified to be pinned under him with his cock stuffed up my ass, but there was nothing I could do. Soon his erection subsided and his cock slipped out. He got up and went to the bathroom. When he came back out, I hurried past him to use the bathroom myself. I wiped myself down as best I could with the towels that were now all wet as I'd been using them all through the evening._

_Returning to the bed, I found a 100 credit note. I had already been left some tens and twenties. I stuffed them all in my purse tucked in a bedside drawer. I only had to service a couple more men before Jerry finally showed up. I grabbed the bundle of my clothes he had under his arm and went to dress in the bathroom._

_Finally in his hovercar, Jerry was exultant that he had been paid 2200 credits for me to service 22 men. I asked, "What do I get out of that?"_

_"You get 25%, 550 credits." He passed me a wad of credits._

_"That's not very much for me getting screwed all night."_

_"Look. I got expenses. I had to pay for the room and buying drinks. And I'll be paying for your collar for a long while. It's got GPS and satellite phone service built into it. I can reach it from any phone or from my computer."_

_That chilled me and I remained quiet for the rest of the drive except to insist he drive me by an all night pharmacy. I picked up suppositories and pads and resumed the ride home._

_At home though I was tired, I used an enema and douched and showered thoroughly. Once I felt reasonably clean I inserted my suppositories and went to bed._

_---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------_

_That had been a wild episode. I could never have imagined what a woman felt in being screwed. And to have been forced to give blowjobs and take being screwed in the ass. Of course the orgasms had been pleasant and even super to some extent. But still I left the holodeck thanking my lucky stars I had been born a male._

_04.09.10_

_story continues in [**An Ensign's Fantasies 3**](ensigns_fantasies3.html)

o0o
