---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: London’s First Time
authors:
- Kim Normundie
tags:
- Sbf
- barn
- cuffs
- collar
- corset
- susp
- toys
- insert
- caught
- F-f
- denial
- tease
- oral
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2005-08-20 00:00:00
---

Hi, my name is London I was named after the city
I was conceived in. Let me tell a little about me. First I am 19 years
old. I stand 5’5” tall and weigh 105 lbs. My measurements are 34B-22-35,
my hair is blonde and I have green eyes. Pretty good huh.

This little adventure was a while in coming. You
see I have always wondered why a person would let themselves be tied up,
I did not fully understand. I was at a girlfriends house and the subject
of BDSM was brought up and after a little coaxing by her I let her know
that I have thought about it but was too afraid of doing it with the wrong
person, she told me she under stood completely and that she had a few things
for me. She gave me a few magazines about bondage and a few web addresses.
I went home that night and read the magazines one after another and the
more I read the hotter I got, after going through them for a while I hit
the net and went to a site called Gromet’s Plaza and I read story after
story and just from reading I had a huge climax.

I went to sleep that night and dreamt of being
bound but not by somebody but by myself. I woke the next morning and discovered
I had been aroused during my sleep because I was wearing dripping wet panties.
I knew that I had to find a way to fulfill this urge that had been lit
in me. I did some extensive research and discovered the different ways of
getting free and discovered that ice was a handy way of release either
directly or by releasing the implement of release. With some timing experiments
I made a chart of how fast ice melts at different temperature. I ordered
me some wrist and ankle cuffs, a spreader bar, and a posture collar. I
thought this would be a good start to my collection. I went to the local
hardware store and bought rope, pulleys, clothes pins, and duct tape. I
stopped by the mall and bought a corset and fishnet stockings. I also bought
a pair of heels that were 7 inches tall and had straps that you wrapped
around your leg up to the knee. I had to wait a week for my order to come
in and when it did it had a surprise in it a big red ball gag. Now all
I had to do is to wait for the weekend and plan.

The planning was harder than I thought but after
some time it came to me. I would drive out to this empty barn that looked
like it had not been used in a while. To get some prep work done I stopped
by the barn after work the next day and looked around and found that it
was indeed unused and so was the rest of the land, it seems the owner died
and the land was in dispute so the only thing that could be done was basic
up keep to the place and the only thing that seemed to be done is the fence
line was kept cut. I pulled my car into this road that lead into the woods
and used a previous spot to park my car so no one would see it and to make
my work more fun I stripped down to just my panties and heels and nothing
else. I quickly walked to the barn with my stuff and got to work.

I fixed the door so that there was no way to lock
it. I then got to work on the pulleys, I fixed a couple of them to the
walls on either side of the barn and to the bottom side of the hay loft,
the ceiling here looked about 12 feet tall and I had a time getting these
in place but wit a little effort I managed. I strung the rope and measured
it so that all four pieces of rope would be pulled by the same weight thus
holding me tight and spread out for anyone to discover. Boy just the work
was getting me hot and I still have things to do. I looked all over the
barn and finally found what I was looking for an old half drum and some
rocks.

Here is the plan, tie all four ropes to the barrel
fill it up to ten pounds short as the same weight as myself, put enough
holes in it so that water could get out. If it worked out I would be hanging
completely off the floor being stretched out and only being able to get
down after the ice melts. The ice would be the extra weight I would need
to be stretched and when it melts I would be free. Back to the car I went
and when I got there I noticed some tracks by my car that did not look
like mine but they were definitely heels, I put an over sized shirt on
to be able to drive and did not think much about the tracks.

The day came and I was up at the crack of dawn
to start my little journey. I decided to dress before I left so that the
ice would melt as little as possible. I started with the stockings and
heels, I tied the straps as tight as I could stand and then put knots in
the straps. I then put on the corset and had already made it as little
as possible, which would mean I would be going from a 22 inch waist to
a 16 inch waist. I was able to do this by this handy corset tightening
device I got with the corset. I then attached the garters to the stocking.
I put on one of my denim mini skirts that I had cut of the bottom couple of
inches so that standing flat footed I would be exposing the bottom 2 inches
of ass cheek.

I topped the outfit for the drive only with a
tee shirt I mean to remove it at the car before I go to the barn. I put
the cuffs, collar, and spreader bar in a bag and off I went. Just before
I got there I had stopped to get some ice, 20 pounds of it to be exact.
This was the extra weight I would need to spread me out. I stopped the
car by the fence in front of the barn and put the ice on the other side
and I then parked my car. I got out and took off the shirt and grabbed
my bag of goodies and quickly lock my keys in the car. Not to worry I had
the spare key in the barn, I hid it so that I would not be able to quickly
retrieve it.

I put the cuffs on and set to work on the ice
I opened every bag and dumped it in the barrel. I the attached the spreader
bar and the ball gag and lastly I put my favorite dildo up my pussy and
used a piece of rope to hold it. Now with the dildo buzzing away and me
in a state of who knows what I used a pole I had set up and tipped the
footing under the barrel and it started to move and it slid down the plank
I had set up for this and when it got just over half way it dropped and
bam I was as taut as a piano string.

It must have been about a half hour or so and
I was at the point of coming. I did and wow it was great but then I noticed
that the weight was getting  heavier not lighter, what the fuck is
going on. I thought my shoulders were going to come out of socket and I
was not aware of anything else so I did now notice until it was too late
a pair of black boy shorts being pulled over my face and I knew I was not
alone. The  combination of the smell of another pussy and that damn
dildo I had a bigger orgasm that the first.

I then felt a pair of hands pull the panties to
one side and remove my little friend from my pussy and not so gently it
was shoved up my ass, first time for this. I then felt a tongue start licking
my pussy. This went on and on and every time I was about to cum the tongue
would stop. I don’t know how long I was up there because my barrel never
lightened up enough to let me down thanks to the tongue. The panties on
my face were taken away and there standing naked except for a pair of sandals
was my girlfriend that gave me the magazines. She announced that the only
way I would be allowed to cum again was to agree to eat her out I was in
such a state I had no choice.

She climbed up to the hay loft and did something
to the rope because she then sat down on my shoulders with her pussy in
my face and said eat like your life depended on it bitch. At that moment
I thought it did and I stuck my tongue as far in that hot wet snatch as
I could and started to lap, nibbled, and tongue fuck this bitch to orgasm,
after a while she could hold out no longer and gushed all over my face,
I never knew that women could climax like that.

She sat there for a few more minutes and the climbed
down and pulled the dildo from my ass and made me lick it clean and that
it went back in my pussy and off she went, I yelled for her to come back
but she was gone, I hung there not knowing my fate when all of a sudden
the weight slipped and I was free. My arms were sore so as was my ass.
I was so relieved that I did not even get my stuff I just found my car key
and went home to clean up and plot some revenge on a certain bitch that
used to be my friend, now I only thought of her as meat to feed my hungry
monster called revenge. But that a story for another time.
