---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/special/halloween22/the_devil_in_the_mirror.html
subcategory: TG/CD Stories
title: The Devil in the Mirror
authors:
- Tigerstretch
tags:
- F/f
- devil
- halloween
- latex
- mast
- enclosed
- tease
- cons
- X
date: 2022-10-29 00:00:00
---

"Put it there! Yes… There… Wait… Maybe over there…"

"Miss… If you don't make up your mind, our arms will fall off… Sooo…"

"Ah, yes… Sorry. Right there is fine."

The two oversized delivery men finally placed the antique makeup vanity on the floor. There was not a chance in the world that I could move this piece of furniture made of solid wood on my own, so I understood that it would be its final resting place.

I paid the movers, and they left my place shaking their heads. Obviously, they weren't too happy that I made them deliver this heavy thing to the third floor of an elevator-devoid apartment building. They probably didn't like me very much.

I closed the door behind them and returned to my room to admire my new decoration. It was sitting there, in the corner, and it was a bit bigger than what I had expected. All protected in bubble wrap, that thing was about four feet wide by five feet tall. It was a desk made of solid oak with many small drawers for makeup and jewelry and, of course, the mandatory big mirror mounted on top. It came with a little wooden chair, possibly not the original one.

It wasn't that I regretted my purchase already, after all, I got it for free from an old lady who wanted to part with it, but it was taking up a lot more space than I expected. I wasn't that smart and should have measured it before acquiring it. My room size was proportional to my wealth, very small, and this was not a good fit.

"Baaah… It's too big. What am I going to do with this now? Stupid me!"

I figured it wouldn't hurt to at least unpack it and take a better look since I would have to share my space with it until I found a solution.

Using my weak fingers and scissors, I gradually liberated the makeup vanity from its cushioned prison. I made a big ball of plastic and tape in the corner of the bedroom and then sat on the small chair in front of the mirror to get a feel for its usefulness.

It was disappointing. Instead of focusing my attention on my new well-crafted piece of furniture, my reflection in the mirror dragged my soul to a much sadder place.

I wasn't very pretty, at least from my point of view. Really, I didn't have much that went in my favor. I wasn't very smart, I wasn't good socially, that job as a cashier in a fast-food restaurant couldn't be called a career, and, on top of that, I never had a real romantic relationship. At 23 years old, it was sad that I could call my life a failure already. Buying this makeup vanity in search of novelty to brighten my mood was a mistake. That big mirror just reminded me how unimpressive I was. Symptom of a certain acceptance, I didn't even cry because of my sudden realization; I just kept staring at my messy hair and worn-out clothes.

Sad.

Trying to move my focus to something else, I began exploring the multiple drawers. The side ones were empty except for some dust and a dehydrated spider corpse. Was it unreasonable to hope that the previous owner forgot a box full of diamond rings?

Nothing, nothing, and more nothing. All the small square drawers were as empty as my life. Even luck kept its distance from me.

But then, I opened the wide middle drawer and discovered something that was probably not supposed to be there. A small black satin pouch closed with a red ribbon was sitting there for me to look at.

Was it possible that, despite this negative trend in my life, today would be a more exciting day? I looked at the pouch and attempted to imagine what could be inside it.

"Necklace? Earrings? Mmm… Bracelets, maybe?"

I reached into the drawer and pulled out the pouch to feel its content.

"Uh? What's that?"

Through the soft fabric, I could feel two round objects with straight lines inside them. It was heavy enough, so they were possibly made of metal, but I had no idea what they could be. So I pulled on the ribbon and opened the small bag. I tilted it to let the objects fall on the desk. They made very metallic noises.

"Mmm? Stars?"

What were they? Made of black metal, it was two identical stars; just lines forming stars, as if two triangles had intertwined themself by accident. There was a circle around them, too, possibly to hold them together in one piece. I inspected one of them, and there were no pins or holes which could have indicated that they were indeed pieces of jewelry, like a part of a necklace or something.

I left the chair and lay down on my bed to look at them some more. With one star between my fingers and the other resting on my chest, I began theorizing.

"Well, they are all black, so it's not gold, which means they are worthless. But they are very cute, so maybe I can turn them into a necklace? They are a bit too big and heavy to be earrings."

I flipped the one I was holding back and forth, trying to find an inscription or something, but there was really nothing. Just black glossy metal.

While looking at it, I dropped it, and it fell on top of my chest, next to the other one. That gave me a twisted idea.

"Hehe… Nipple ornaments, maybe?"

I placed one on top of each of my neglected boobs, held them there with my fingers, and smiled. They would make lovely kinky decorations.

But then, as I found comfort in my bad joke, a strong smell of burning reached my nostrils. I quickly sat up, trying to figure out where that was coming from. Quickly, I realized that it was coming from my shirt, where I had placed the pieces of metal… I jumped on my feet and began to fight with my top.

"AAAAH! WHAT THE FUCK!"

Faster than I ever did before, I pulled the shirt off my body, tossed it on the floor, and stepped on it to kill the already dead fire.

"Whaaaaat the… What was that about!?"

I picked up the dead shirt from the floor and inspected it. There were two burned holes in the chest at the boob level. My reaction was probably not the more logical one, but again, I wasn't renowned for my intelligence.

"My shirt… It's dead… Whyyy?"

"Because you are now mine."

"AAAH!"

A female voice reached my ears, scaring the crap out of me. I turned around in panic and saw… nothing. I looked around, and there was nothing else than my uninteresting bedroom. Maybe asking nicely would yield a different result…

"He… Hello? Can… Can I help you?"

"Help me? Uh? What? Why would you…"

"Where… Where are you? I can't… see you."

"I'm HERE. In the mirror! Are you blind or what?"

"The mirror?"

A bit nervous but relieved that I had not just heard a voice in my head, I went back to my makeup vanity and sat on the chair. When I looked in the mirror, to my great surprise, it wasn't my reflection that I was seeing.

Displayed in the mirror, in front of a background of active flames, was a pretty woman looking at me. She had red skin, long black hair, horns, and a cute corset containing her generous shiny boobs.

"Oh… Hello."

"He… Hello? Hey! Why are you saying hello to me? You are supposed to be scared!"

"Scared? No. I'm curious about seeing you in my mirror, but you are not very scary. Can I help you?"

"That again? Why are you asking me that? It doesn't make sense."

"Well, you just connected to my mirror. I'm not sure how you did it, but I'm just checking if you needed to talk to me or if it was a mistake or something?"

"… Connected to your mirror?"

"Yes. Are you using Zum-Chat, or something like that? The old lady didn't mention that the mirror could also be used this way. It's kind of cool."

The red lady, visibly irritated for an unknown reason, opened her mouth but closed it again. She repeated the same thing a couple of times as if trying to decrypt my language and find a way to communicate. Seeing her do that made me smile a bit because she was really cute.

"What… What is Zum-Chat?"

"Haha. Everybody knows what Zum-Chat is. You are funny. So, is this your Halloween costume?"

"Halloween? What is that?"

"Aaah. Okay. I see. You are just calling random people to have fun with them."

At that point, when I felt played with, I realized that I was shirtless in front of this mirror during a potential Zum-Chat call with a stranger. That little fire incident and this unexpected turn of events made me forget about that. I wrapped my arms around my chest and turned sideways before frowning at the lady.

"Heeey! You are not recording this, are you!?"

"Recording? What is recording? HA! THAT'S ENOUGH!"

"Uh? Why are you getting all pissy at me all of a sudden? You called me!"

"Don't you get it? I'm the devil! Now be scared and start praying for your God to save you!"

"…"

I just stared at her some more, struggling to understand what her deal was, still worried that she was recording me. With this roleplay, she might have attempted to trigger an internet-worthy reaction that she could publish later. At least, it was a possibility worth considering. But my lack of response didn't seem to please her, so she tried again.

"Hey! What are you waiting for? Beg your God to come to save you!"

"I don't believe in God. And can you disconnect now? How do I turn this off?"

Using my finger, I pressed randomly on the mirror, trying to terminate the call or at least find some sort of menu. Unfortunately, nothing happened, and the cute lady wearing this devil costume was still on.

"You… You don't believe in God?"

"No, I don't. But again, cute costume. Thanks for showing it to me. Can you leave this call now?"

"But… I'm the devil… I made you my slave. Why aren't you scared?"

"Look, I work in a fast-food restaurant. Today is Halloween, and I already saw lots of little devils ordering burgers. Sure, your costume is better, you are adorable, but it doesn't scare me."

"It's… It's not a costume…"

"Right. Goodbye now. Close the call. I don't know how to end it from here."

"… But…"

With little interest in continuing this discussion, I grabbed the nearest blanket and placed it over the mirror. Immediately, that made the devil lady whine.

"Heeeey! You can't do that! You are my slave. You must do what I tell you to out of fear."

"Would you leave me alone, please? I'm not going to play your game. Go away!"

I looked around the desk to see if there was a way to disconnect it. Perhaps the movers had plugged it into the power outlet while I wasn't looking or something. I couldn't find anything, so maybe it was battery-operated?

While I was looking for a solution to end this, the devil lady continued her nonsense.

"What about the seals I placed on your sinful flesh? You don't care about that?"

"Uh? What seals? Like an animal?"

"NO! Seal, as if my evil dark power invested you, and I locked them inside your body using seals."

"You used marine animals to seal your dark powers inside me? Okay, are you on drugs? You shouldn't do drugs. It never ends well. Even me, I know this much."

"Nooo, not the animals. The seals on your breasts! The Sigils of Baphomet!"

"On my…? What?"

Curious, I opened my arms and looked at my chest.

"Uh?"

The two black star jewels I had found earlier were glued to my boobs. My nipples poked through the middle, and the star inside the circle covered the areolas. I pulled on them, but they seemed fused with my skin.

"Hum… What is this? Why are these stars stuck to my nipples?"

"They are not stars. They are the sigil of Baphomet! It's super evil. They are the seals I attached to you to…"

"I know, to lock your dark powers inside me. You know what? I like them. How did you do that."

"… You… You like them?"

I ran my fingers over the black metal symbols perfectly adjusted to my shape and flawlessly aligned with my features. Yeah, they were smooth and pretty. I couldn't say that I hated them; on the contrary, they had this kinky vibe that made me feel fuzzy inside.

"Yeah… I mean, look. They are super nice."

"…"

I pulled the blanket off the mirror, and the lady wearing the devil costume stared silently at me. Once more, I could see her jaw opening and closing as if she was looking for her next words, but they wouldn't come.

I tugged on the metal stars, but they were firmly attached to my skin, which sent a little chill down my spine. Doing this in front of a stranger was also a bit special, but for some reason, with my nipple barely visible, I didn't feel quite as naked as before.

"Can I keep them?"

"… What… NO! You are not supposed to like them. They are the symbol of the devil. If other villagers see them on you, they will think you are a witch or worship the devil. At best, you'll die of shame."

"Villagers? Oh, roleplay. Right. Ah, I don't think people care about that. If they learn I have cute stars on my nipple, they will probably think it's hot."

"… They… they are not cute stars…They are the sigil of…"

"The sigil of batmonet, I know…"

"… Baphomet…"

"Whatever. Anyway, I don't know how you did this, but I forgive you. If you let me keep them, I won't ask you for money for my destroyed shirt."

"Are… Aren't you going to pray for your God to get released from my evil grasp?"

"Stop with that already. I told you. It's fine if you believe in God, but me, I don't."

She frowned at me once more as if she didn't like any of my answers. But then an evil grin appeared on her face, and she chuckled.

"Haha! Alright, slave…"

"My name is Amanda, not slave."

"SLAVE! I'll now show you what I can do, and believe me, you'll beg for mercy."

"Uh? You are going to do more things on Zum-Chat?"

"AH! Behold my dark powers, and endure!"

"… Okaaay?"

What was she going to do now? I didn't think I would still talk to her if she had not been this pretty and playful, but at this point, curiosity just got the best of me, so I waited for her to do whatever she had in mind. She launched some sort of incantation at me, which was fitting with her Halloween costume.

"By the power of Satan, let the darkness envelope your flesh. I revoke from your eyes the right of seeing your own humanity. Crawl, viscous evil, and coat this slave until she begs for mercy! Let everyone see the evil she carries within! Crawl! Crawl!"

"Hey, cool chant!"

Somewhat admiring the effort she put into her character, I couldn't do otherwise but compliment her.

But something a bit strange began to happen. From the two stars glued to my nipples, a black mass began to spread over my skin. It was as if lots of little black worms crawled in every direction, leaving a trail of goo behind them.

And it felt pretty good; I had to admit.

"Oooh… That feels great. What is it?"

I didn't know how she was doing it, but I wished for it to continue.

The black material enveloped my chest, shoulders, and belly. When it crawled inside my pants to cover my hips and crotch, I couldn't do anything other than let a small moan out because of the very appreciated sensation.

"Aaaanh… That's… That feels so good…"

"Hahaha! How do you feel now that I'm forcing these dirty sexual feelings on you? Are you going to beg for mercy…"

"Aaah! Please… Please…"

"AH! I knew it, slave! Now you have regrets, and you are begging me to stop…"

"Mmm… Please continue! It feels so good."

"… WHAT!?"

As the black skin kept crawling all over me, covering me more and more and triggering these unique feelings, I rushed and took off the rest of my clothes. Rapidly, the black compound enclosed my head, leaving only my eyes and mouth open. I threw myself on the bed and began rubbing my body all over with my coated hands.

"Oooh! I LOVE this … Wooow!"

"NO! Stop loving it! Now! Unlove this right now!"

"Mmmm… How did you do that? It's so awesome… Is that latex?"

"Latex? What is latex? You can't love this. You are not allowed. I just covered your entire body with evil!"

"Yeah, yeah… Whatever. I still love it. Mmm…"

"…"

It was probably a bit inappropriate to do that during a Zum-Chat call with a stranger, but it felt so good, and I couldn't help myself. I moved my hand to my crotch and began rubbing it… and it worked great.

"Aaaanh! Mmmm! So… Sorry… I have to."

"…"

It felt so incredible to be covered from head to toe in latex and masturbating during a Zum-Chat call. It was erotic and perverted, and I loved it. My life had been shit for such a long time, so I deserved this special adventure. I had no idea how that lady had made all of this happen, but I didn't want it to end.

For a long time, I played with myself in front of her, pushing myself to the edge and beyond. My first orgasm, while encased in rubber, was beyond pleasant; so much that I began asking for more cool things like that.

"Aaaanh! Aaaah! Can… can I keep the suit? It's my new favorite thing in the world."

"… STOP IT! You are not supposed to like it, I said! Why are you not praying for your God to come rescue you?"

"Whatever you say, lady… Can I keep it?"

"Grrrr! SURE! Keep it, and take that too! I'm summoning the tentacles of hell! We will see if you keep pretending to enjoy this to deceive me!"

Suddenly, I felt something moving inside my boobs. It was as if they were full of little snakes that tried to escape.

"AAAH! What is this?"

"AND THAT TOO!"

The same happened to my ass and vagina. Larger worms, this time, forced their way inside my already stimulated orifices, making me sink further into my world of rubbery pleasure.

"Maaaaah! Sooo amazing!"

"… Seriously? Don't you have any shame?"

"AAAAH! Fuck me!"

Completely coated in latex, feeling baby snake-like things crawling inside my boobs and crotch, it was too much. I completely abandoned myself to the pleasure she was giving me. Whatever this lady would do to me, I would gladly take it without even questioning how it was happening.

It felt like an hour of blissful torture. I came over and over and kept asking for more. This was the best day in my entire life, and I didn't want it to end.

But the lady was solidly anchored in her character, and she got furious at me as if I had done something wrong.

"THAT'S IT! I'm done with being nice. I'm going to take care of you myself."

"You… yourself? Sure… My address is 435 Edward Rd and it's in…"

"I DON'T NEED YOUR ADDRESS!"

"Oh, stop yelling and just come here, then. I want to know how you are doing this to me."

"… I… I'm coming then… Are you sure that's what you want, slave?"

"Come here, already. It's going to be fun, I'm sure."

"… Fine… I'm coming then. You are going to regret this after what I'm going to do to you."

"Ahan… OOOH! Tentacles again!"

"…"

As I was cumming one more time from this tentacle's wonderful touch, I looked at the girl in the devil costume displayed in the mirror, and she moved toward me. Suddenly, two hands with long black nails traversed the smooth surface and gripped each side of the mirror. Then her horned head exited the mirror too.

"WOW! How are you doing this? Are you a magician or something?"

"Stop talking. I'm coming for you. You are in real trouble now!"

As I looked at her entering my bedroom through the big mirror as if it was a mere window, I admired how much more beautiful she was in person; with her sexy corset and red skin, I just hoped she would do what I secretly wanted her to do.

The last part of her body that popped out of the mirror was her pointy devil tail, and seeing it wagging around was just such a nice touch to that costume. It looked so real.

She crawled on top of the bed and then on top of me. She used her sexy tongue to lick me from the belly to my neck. Despite being covered in latex, it felt so amazing. It was a dream come true; having sex with someone for the first time.

I had always considered myself a bi-sexual leaning toward men, but she totally made me change my mind. I was already in love with her, and I was already ready for a pure lesbian relationship.

But her? I still wondered what she was trying to achieve with this overly serious roleplay and advanced magic tricks.

"AH! Don't you have regrets now? You are going to be ravaged by another woman, the devil itself, and your entire village will cast you out!"

"No, I love it."

"…"

"Kiss me!"

I couldn't stand it anymore. Her roleplay was just getting in the way of a great moment. I grabbed her by the neck and forced her into an intense kiss, the best and the first kiss of my entire existence. For some reason, that girl, whoever she was, was turning me on more than anything else in this world, and I wanted her to be mine.

"Mmmm!"

"Mmmph!"

This torrid kiss was followed by a crazy night of shameless sex with this stranger. It didn't take much longer for her to stop acting silly with her roleplay and just focus on giving me pleasure and receiving the one I offered.

---

"Oh… I see. Really?"

"YES! How many times do I have to tell you for you to believe me?"

The following day, I was still deliciously encased in my latex skin with the metal stars firmly attached to my nipples, and peacefully, I held that pretty stranger in my arms while recovering from the best night ever.

We were just chit-chatting lovingly, but what she explained to me was a bit difficult to swallow. She was the real devil? What?

"Look…"

She wagged her devil tail in front of my face and poked my forehead with it.

"Normal people don't have a tail."

"Well, in the past, I'm pretty sure we had one…"

"Amanda! That was hundreds of millions of years ago! And what about my horns? People don't have horns either."

"I love them."

"Yes! I know, but people still don't have horns."

"Could be a surgery."

"You are so dense! I'm the real devil. I'm telling you."

"Okay, okay. Can we still date?"

"… Really?"

What? I didn't care if she claimed to be the devil. I was in love, and I didn't want to lose her. Buried in my arms, among pillows and blankets, her red skin stood out, and her beautiful fiery eyes charmed me; I would hate for our relationship to end after only one hot night. So I tried to offer whatever I could think of to sweeten the deal.

"Okay. I'll be your slave. Will you stay with me now?"

"You already are my slave. You can't escape me!"

"Oh, good. That means we can live together?"

"Yes… I suppose that's what it means."

"Forever?"

"Well, your head is broken, Amanda. You were supposed to feel ashamed for experiencing sexual feelings, then humiliated to have a woman making love to you. You were supposed to beg for mercy and call your God to rescue you, but it didn't go that way at all. What's wrong with you?"

"I loved every second of it. No offense, but I think you live in the past. Nobody cares about these things anymore. Women are liberated, and same-sex relationships are just as normal as they should have ever been. As for religion, people are free to choose what they believe in. You should not judge people like that. It's wrong."

"Well, things have changed a lot after a few hundred years of sleep. Bleh. How can I be evil now?"

"I'll teach you how to express your evil side in today's world. I promise."

"Mmm… I don't have a choice, I suppose. I'm linked to you until you ask for a God to get rid of me."

"Not going to happen. I love you, and I don't believe in God."

"Urgh…"

---

Being in love means believing in the other person. Kumiho, the name of my new girlfriend, had made me accept that she was the real devil. I've spent so much time naked with her to understand that her tail and horns were real. Even her red skin, it wasn't just makeup or dye. It didn't change much in our relationship, though.

After six months around her, letting her treat me like a slave and having the best sex of my entire life, having discovered that she loved inflicting pain and that I loved receiving it, I concluded that we were totally made for each other. I would never ask a God to get rid of her. Ever! She was MY devil, and I would keep her.

Loving luxury and wanting a lavish lifestyle, Kumiho managed to get us a lot of money; like, a LOT. She was pretty good at influencing people. We moved to a big manor, and she summoned some weird creatures to take care of the cleaning so we could focus on our torrid BDSM sessions and endless sex games.

As for real life, going to the restaurant with her attracted attention, but she was, most of the time, doing an excellent job at ignoring the people staring at her because of her looks. Being red with horns was bound to attract attention, but it was something she had to learn to live with to some degree.

I wasn't asking her to accept the unacceptable, though. Last week, we went to that fancy restaurant. When the manager of the place asked her to leave because her evil appearance disturbed some old snob ladies, she ripped my clothes off in front of everybody, made me lay down on the table, and licked my pussy until I screamed my orgasm in public.

Okay, we got banned from that restaurant forever, but it was a good thing in the end because, for the first time in six months, I saw her smile genuinely, not just her little usual devil smirk.

I think she was seriously happy to have abused me in front of everybody. It felt good that she had expressed her evil and also obtained satisfying revenge at the same time.

Sure, Kumiho was a bit evil inside, but she also carried a lot of good without being aware of it. It was very reassuring to see that she was now comfortable with the idea of spending a lifetime with me as her sex toy. Doing evil things to people was her, and since I was a very willing candidate, I could only experience happiness around her.

… Even now, with my hands cuffed to the bed and having those strange underskin snakes crawling inside my boobs while she was ravaging me with a big strap-on in the most delicious and demonic way.
