---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sophies_fantasy.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Sophie's Fantasy
authors:
- Gordian
tags:
- n/a
---

**Sophie’s Fantasy**
Chapter One

By the time Sophie and I had been going out for six months we’d pretty
much explored most of our fantasies and desires together.  We also
both knew that in another two months Sophie’s long-term fiancé returned
from Australia and that our relationship would be over.   I think
Sophie then hoped to freshen up their sex life with a few ideas she’d learnt
along the way with me.  Apparently, that was her only problem with
the guy, it certainly wasn’t his money, he was even more loaded than Sophie.

One Saturday night in bed, we were laying together after sex, talking. 
Sophie said to me “You know how much I enjoyed our kidnap game, well how
about we play again, but this time with you as a burglar in my apartment
?”. 
I said, “Sure, but you’re obviously thinking of more than that because
done that a few times already and I know what you’re like for variety !”. 
Sophie paused then replied “Yes, but this time I don’t want to know
when - I want you to surprise me”.   Then she continue, “And,
no ‘safeword’, I trust you enough to know you wont harm me”.  After
a bit more talk about setting the ground rules for the scene, we both well
in the mood for more sex.  I rolled Sophie onto her stomach, handcuffed
her wrists behind her, added a ballgag and blindfold then lifting her up
in to a kneeling, head down position I fucked her until we’d both come
once more.

I unbuckled and removed her blindfold, then I got up off the bed and
put on my shorts.   Sophie rolled over onto her side then using 
her elbows sat up.   I showed Sophie the handcuff key, on key
ring it shared with its spare copy and all the padlock keys, “I imagine
you’d prefer to sleep with the cuffs and gag off ?”, I asked, “well, I’ll
put the key where you can it - with some effort !!”.  I quickly left
the bedroom, followed hastily by Sophie.  She saw me at the front
door of the apartment, which I’d opened fully, but with just enough room
for me to stand behind it.  Sophie had a good view of the landing
shared by the four apartments on her floor, and potentially, they of her. 
She jumped back into the bedroom doorway, peering round to see me.  
I held the key out for her to see.  “Fetch”, I said as I threw the
key ring down the central stairwell, from the second to ground floor.

”Hhhmmmoow”, pleaded Sophie.   “It’s up to you”, I replied,
“You can leave them and hope they’re there tomorrow”.  Sophie looked
at me shaking her head.  I walked up the hallway and at the bedroom
door pulled Sophie into the hall, so I could get passed her and into the
bedroom.  Climbing into bed, “Fetch them I said”, I told her, then
turned off the bedside light.  I watched her hovering in the doorway,
then plucking up the courage, she crept up the hallway towards the front
door.  Knowing she’d look back, I stayed in the bedroom and quickly
put my trousers, shirt and shoes on.   When I was sure she’d
gone down the stairs, I crept back into the hallway.   Looking
out onto the landing I was only just in time, Sophie was at the bottom
of the stairwell bending down to pick up the key ring.   I grabbed
the front door keys, slipped out onto the landing and quietly closed the
front door.  As Sophie was running back up the stairs towards me,
I quietly went up to the next floor landing and waited..

Sophie arrived at the front door, naked and breathless from running
up the stairs while ballgagged.  She was still holding the key ring
in her handcuffed hands behind her.   I looked over the railings
from above her to see her bending forwards to lift her hands up to ring
the door bell.  Oblivious to my presence, she rung the door bell about
three times before realising she had the means to remove her cuffs and
gag.  Sophie moved over to the corner of he landing to use the roof
light to see better.  It only took her a minute to undo one wrist
and bring her hands back in front of her.

From the next landing up, I said loudly “Aye, I’ll see ya nixt week
theen” in my best Scottish accent, the walked heavily down the stairs towards
Sophie.  I wished I could have seen the panic on her face as she realised
she was trapped naked on the stairwell, and tried to work out where to
hide and if she had time to take off the ballgag or remaining handcuff.

I continued my descent to the second floor landing to find Sophie had
obviously run back down to the ground.   Continuing down, I realised
I hadn’t heard the communal front door open, so I assumed she was hiding
under the last set of stairs.  Reaching the ground floor confirmed
that she must have hidden there and would be unable to see me leave. 
I opened the front door to the apartments and let it slowly shut itself
while I quietly made my way back upstairs.   Keeping near to
the wall so I wouldn’t be seen by Sophie I went back up to the flight above
her apartment.    As I looked down from just above her,
a naked Sophie emerged coming up the stairs, now holding the ballgag and
handcuffs in front of her.  She bent down and called out for me through
the letter box in the front door.  Sophie then rang the door bell
out and called out again, this time sounding more urgent.  I crept
down the last flight of stairs and jumped out on her.   “Gotcha”
I shouted as Sophie jumped up, pulling her hands in front of sex.  
Boy did she jump up quickly !!  “Come on then sexy, back to bed”,
I said as I opened the door, “and did you like my Scottish accent ?”.  
“You absolute bastard”, she replied as she ran inside.

Back in the bedroom, I asked her if she was still serious about a ‘no-safeword’
scene.  She assured me she was, and we went to sleep; her wondering
and me planning.

Chapter Two

We spent a lazy Sunday relaxing together, playing and eating. 
Before I left to go home on Sunday evening we talked more about Sophie’s
‘burglary’ fantasy.   Sophie wanted me to surprise her some time
the coming week, and gave me the keys to her apartment.   I said
she’d have much more of a surprise if it was over two weeks.  
The ground rules we finally agreed were that I would ‘rape’ her in her
apartment sometime in the next two weeks, that during that time we would
have no other contact with each other, there would be no ‘safeword’ after
I’d started and that Sophie could leave a message on my answer-phone to
nominate one ‘safe’ day which I would honour.  We also agreed that
Julie needed to know about the planned ‘break-in’ in case she heard something,
and Sophie said he’d tell her that night.

I spent most of Monday at work with my mind definitely elsewhere ! 
The one thing that still bothered me was the surprise element.  Sophie’s
fantasy was for me to enter her apartment one night, tie her, tease her
and ‘rape’ her.  Although that would undoubtedly be unexpected, I
wanted to surprise her totally, so I planned something slightly different.

I telephoned my ex-partner Suzy, who I had kept in casual contact with
since we broke up, and arranged to take her out for dinner on Wednesday. 
Then I bought some supplies for the big event.

At dinner with Suzy, we caught up on old times and new romances. 
After sinking a bottle of wine the talk turned more sexual and Suzy told
me she’d been with 3 guys since we split, one was too ‘straight’, one had
got too rough physically when she’d introduced bondage to their bedroom
and the third had dumped her as ‘weird’ for suggesting it.  
I told Suzy that other one ‘one-nighter’, I’d been with Sophie for some
months now, but that the relationship was due to end in a few months as
Sophie had other marriage plans.  Suzy immediately laughed that if
I’d been with Sophie for more than a month then she must be into bondage
too, and was the end of the relationship the reason I’d met herself.

I answered Suzy’s questions and then explained my plans for the ‘burglary’. 
Suzy was intrigued as well as curious.   Suzy was a bondage submissive,
and had never experimented with dominating anyone, least of all another
woman.   After some persuasion and a promise that if she’d help
me then I’d help her fulfil any fantasy she had, Suzy agreed to participate
and I arranged to pick her up on Friday.

Although Sophie was blissfully unaware, my plans involved capturing
her in the morning, before she went to work, and not at night.  I
drove to Suzy’s apartment, then she drove us, in her car, to Sophie’s place. 
We parked just down the street from where Julie would walk to the train
station.  I’d explained to Suzy, that Julie had to leave a clear half
an hour before Sophie, who worked locally, and that I’d show her the apartment
after Julie had left.

Julie left on time, just after 8am, and walked off to the station and
out of sight.  We got out of Suzy’s car and walked up to the apartment
block.  I used the pass-code to open the front security door and carrying
my sports bag full of supplies took Suzy up to the second floor and showed
her the front door.  I then went quietly up to third floor landing
to wait, while Suzy went back to the car to get her ‘cover story’.

With a bouquet of flowers containing a card for Julie, Suzy waited outside
the block, by the front door.   After about twenty minutes I
heard Sophie leave the flat and lock the door.  I opened the window
on the landing and threw a stone down to alert Suzy.

Now I had to hope Suzy would convince Sophie to come back up the stairs
to the apartment with Julie’s flowers.  I quietly went down to the
second floor and let myself into the flat, got my stuff ready and hid in
Sophie’s bedroom.   Fortunately for me, a minute or so I heard
the keys in the lock and Suzy’s voice saying “thanks, I’d get in trouble
for delivering them late if I took them back”.   I heard Sophie
open what I guessed was the kitchen door then a few moments later Suzy
saying “and could you just sign here please ?”.

That was my cue, I sneaked up behind Sophie who was facing Suzy and
quickly pulled the pillow case over her head.  Before she could react,
with my hand over the pillowcase and covering her mouth and nose, I pulled
her backwards, keeping her off balance but bringing her into the apartment. 
Suzy quickly followed us in, shut the front door and as I pulled Sophie
to the floor, Suzy knelt astride her waist.   Suzy pulled the
handcuffs and ballgag from the rear of her jeans and, dropping the cuffs
on the floor, reached up under Sophie’s hood.

With me covering her mouth and pinching her nose Sophie was rapidly
running out of breath.  As I released my hand from over her mouth,
Sophie took a much needed lung full of air and Suzy forced the ballgag
into Sophie’s open mouth.  As I held onto Sophie, Suzy buckled the
ballgag secure and then handcuffed Sophie’s hands behind her back.

A one inch belt was strapped round Sophie’s crosses ankles and with
her now secured tied, Suzy fed a padded leather blindfold up under the
hood and fastened it in place.   I removed the makeshift hood
and we watched a tied, blindfolded and gagged Sophie thrash around on the
hall floor, trying to call out for help.

I could tell that Sophie wasn’t sure it was me or not.  She’d never
met or seen Suzy before, and certainly hadn’t expected a female to participate,
even if it was me.   Although, I’d made sure Sophie hadn’t seen
me, I’d also tried to throw her off the scent, literally.   I’d
worn an aftershave I’d never even heard of, let alone worn before, plus
as a confirmed non-smoker my clothes reeked of cigarette smoke as I’d worn
them the night before while drinking with a mate in a small local pub.

I picked up Sophie’s ankles and dragged her down the hall towards the
lounge.  Suzy called out, “You entertain the Bitch, I’ll look for
her jewellery”, and headed into Sophie’s bedroom.   Now the fun
could really start.....

Chapter Three

Sophie ran her own business, and dressed as she was, was obviously on
route to a meeting.   A light blue business suit comprising of
jacket and pencil skirt covered a white blouse and tan stockings, with
matching leather heeled shoes.   By now however, Sophie’s jacket
had opened, her skirt had ridden nicely up her thighs and her shoes had
fallen off.  Unfortunately for me Sophie wasn’t wearing stockings,
but tights, (that’s pantyhose in American), but although she didn’t it
yet, it was definitely fortunate for her considering my plans.

Dumping her on the floor of the lounge, I retrieved my bag full of 
‘supplies’ and started upgrading Sophie’s bondage.  To quieten her
struggles I noosed a looped rope round her neck then wrapping the loose
ends round her handcuff chain pulled her wrists up her back, between her
shoulders.   Not only would this stop her struggling too hard
for fear of choking, it would confuse her because she knew well that was
something I would never do.   Bastard, eh ?

Getting a role of duct tape from my bag, I prepared to fix Sophie’s
legs.  With her ankles already held crossed by the leather strap,
it was easy to bend her legs up behind her in a hog-tie position.  
I knelt between Sophie’s knees, separating her legs, and as her right ankle
was uppermost, started work on her left leg   Starting at her
knee, I wrapped the duct tape around her doubled-over leg gradually pinning
her left ankle to her left thigh.   Stopping just above the ankle
bindings, I turned my attention to her right leg.   Repeating
the process with more duct tape secured her legs ankle-to-thigh in a position
I’d seen in an HOM magazine but now know as a ‘frog-tie’.  I removed
the leather strap from her ankles, and using more duct tape fixed her ankles
tightly to its own thigh.

With Sophie now just resorting to pleading through her gag, I lifted
her so she was bent forwards, face down on the sofa, just her knees on
the floor and me kneeling between her them.   It didn’t take
a genius to figure out what was coming next and Sophie was mmmphing ‘no’
and shaking her head repeatedly.

Kneeling behind her with my trousers and boxers down round my own thighs,
I took a grip of her hair, holding her head against the seat of the sofa.  
With her skirt now up round her waist,  I ripped the crotch of her
tights open, pulled the gusset of her panties to one side and steered my
cock into her waiting pussy.   I was hard as a rock after the
‘foreplay’ and thrust into her hard and fast.  I very quickly felt
myself building to orgasm.  Letting go of Sophie’s hair, I used both
hands to hold her by the hips and pumped myself in and out of her pussy,
harder and faster, until I shot my load deep inside her.

I was brought out of my post-orgasmic haze by Suzy’s voice, “Having
fun are we ?”.   I turned to see Suzy leaning against the lounge
door frame, her arms folded in front of her chest.   I pulled
my spent cock from Sophie’s wet pussy and wiped it clean on her skirt.

”Listen up Bitch”, Suzy said, “guess what I found in a brown shoe box
in your wardrobe ?”, and laughed.  I looked curiously at Suzy while
Sophie suddenly started pleading and shaking her head.   Suzy
reached behind her and showed me a huge black, ribbed, rubber dildo.  
“How about we toss a coin for where we use it”, Suzy continue, “Heads for
her cunt and Tails for her tight little arse”.   I was amazed,
I knew she had a vibrator, and even thought she’d kept of our ‘toys’ for
her own use, but I’d never seen this monster.   By now Sophie
was desperately shaking her head and begging round her ballgag.  
I almost felt sorry for her - almost, but not quite.

”Oh dear, Bitch is getting upset”, laughed Suzy.  “Well”, she continued,
“if you tell us where the key to the safe in your wardrobe is, we might
just spare your arse from this dildo”.   I looked at Suzy even
more surprised, I certainly didn’t know Sophie had a safe in her bedroom. 
“I’m waiting, Bitch”, said Suzy, sternly.

Sophie looked up, as best she could, and nodded her head in Suzy’s direction.  
This was turning out more eventful than I’d planned, and Suzy certainly
appeared to be enjoying herself too.   “Is the safe key in your
bedroom also, Bitch ?”, asked Suzy.  Sophie slowly nodded ‘yes’, indicating
that it was.

We dragged Sophie from the lounge into her bedroom, where I lifted her
onto the bed and laid her down on her stomach.   “Listen up,
Bitch”, Suzy told her, “I want you to point your finger to where the key
is hidden, understand”.   Again, Sophie nodded.  “Your head
is up by the headboard and your door is on the left, so...”, Suzy continued,
“if you don’t want this dildo shoved up your arse, show me where the key
is”.   With her left hand, Sophie pointed her index finger at
the window over to her right.   “By the window ?”, asked Suzy. 
Once again, all Sophie could do was nod her head in agreement.

I went over to the window sill, which was empty except for two photographs
and a potted plant.  Guessing right, I lifted the plant pot to find
a silver key underneath.   I threw Suzy the key and went over
to Sophie’s dresser.   By now I knew she’d need her gag changed
so I collected a single stocking and a pair of her panties.  
Balling up the panties, I pushed them half way down the stocking, then
by tying a small knot either side of the cloth ball, the stocking became
a home-made ballgag.

By now Suzy had opened Sophie’s safe, and looking over to me as I went
back towards Sophie’s bed, she said, “Look, all this expensive jewellery
- and a video too.  I wonder if little Bitch here has a starring role”,
then laughed.   This got Sophie thrashing round on the bed and
protesting, yet again, but still to no avail.

”You have another little play with the little Bitch,” Suzy said, “I’m
going to check out the other rooms and this video”.  Then Suzy surprised
me again, by putting her finger to lips indicating me to be quiet, then
closing the bedroom door loudly but staying in the room.  She beckoned
me over to her, then taking the stocking gag from my hand walked over to
the struggling, mmmphing Sophie.

Leaning over from the side of the bed, Suzy unbuckled Sophie’s ballgag
then helped her expel it from behind her teeth.   Sophie quickly
exercised her jaws, the whispered, “Colin, please let me hear your voice”.
Suddenly, I realised Suzy’s game, as Suzy leant over pulled the stocking
ballgag between Sophie’s teeth and said, “Wrong burglar, sweetie”, laughing. 
“Who needs a video when we’ve got you to play with - you hadn’t forgotten
that lovely big dildo of yours, had you ?”.    Now Sophie
really started trashing around, shaking her head and pleading through her
gag.
Two very horny burglars had some interesting plans for her !!

Chapter Four

This part of the burglary, we had planned and discussed previously.  
We sat Sophie upright on the bed, Suzy holding her wrists, leaving her
frog-tied legs to fall to her sides and providing us with a nice view while
we worked.   I ran a doubled over rope across her neck, under
her arms and tied it off to make a rope shoulder harness.  Then I 
applied two pairs of thumb-cuffs, each one connecting a single thumb to
the join of the shoulder harness in the middle of her back.

With her thumbs secured like this, it was easy to remove her handcuffs
and neck-rope.  I then tied a separate length of rope, in a band,
securely around each wrist, making a rope wrist-cuff with a trailing end
to tie off to the headboard.   With the other wrist done likewise,
Sophie was ready to be spread-eagle on the bed.

We lowered Sophie onto her left shoulder, then removing the thumb-cuff
around her right thumb, pulled her right arm to the side and tied it tightly
to the corner bedpost.  Rolling Sophie over to her right, I released
her left thumb and with Suzy holding her arm, we secured her left wrist
to the bedpost in a nice, tight spread-eagle. With Sophie’s legs already
duct taped ankle to thigh, it was easy to slip a rope just behind each
knee and by tying it off to either side of the bed, pull her thighs wide
apart and leave her very accessible indeed !!

While Suzy got the pillowcase and a roll of duct tape from our bag,
I tightened all the ropes holding Sophie to the bed, stretching her tightly
in her spread-eagle.  “I hope you haven’t got too attached to it”,
joked Suzy, “but we want our blindfold back too, I’m afraid.  But
don’t worry, we’ll replace it with something suitable.  Pulling the
pillowcase down over Sophie’s head, I held it in place while Suzy reached
up and removed the leather blindfold.  As I kept hold of the pillowcase,
Sophie wrapped a couple of turns of duct tape around the outside of 
it, directly over Sophie’s eyes.  With the pillowcase held firmly
in place and the duct tape adding to its light reducing effect, I doubled
the pillowcase back over, pulled it back up Sophie’s head and taped it
to the top of her cloth covered head.  A few more well placed turns
of duct tape ensured no light got through to Sophie’s eyes, either through
the cloth or from the sides of her nose underneath the blindfold.

With Sophie now securely bound, gagged and blindfolded, I picked up
the large dildo and with her legs invitingly open, I pulled her panties
to one side.   Then, with Sophie mmmmphing in protest, I slowly
slid the monster into her pussy.  Tied as she was, despite her best
efforts, she was unable to even buck her hips, all she could do was throw
her head from side to side as the dildo burrowed deep into her.   
As her pussy stretched to accommodate it, I twisted it around so Sophie
could feel the ridges along its length.  Her pussy was now so wet
that it was only the girth of the dildo that stopped it sliding effortlessly
inside.

By the time I’d slowly started fucking Sophie with the dildo, Suzy had
pulled off her jeans and panties and climbed onto the bed.  
“Come on lover”, Suzy said, “let the Bitch fuck on her dildo and listen
to us while you fuck me properly”.   I tried to use Sophie’s
panties to hold the dildo in place, but it was too long and even fully
immersed in her pussy, protruded too far out of her for me to stretch her
panties over its base.   Suzy grabbed the duct tape, “For fuck’s
sake, tape it in there and fuck me will you !!”, she said impatiently.

Using the tape once more, I ran a length under from underneath her arse,
up across the base of the dildo then on to her pubic hair and stomach. 
I was glad it wouldn’t be me removing that bit !!.  With Sophie humping
her dildo, it was Suzy’s turn to feel a real cock inside her.  
Suzy wanted it hard and fast from the rear, and with her already kneeling
on the bed, her naked pussy ready and waiting, I was definitely happy to
oblige.

I knelt behind Suzy and thrust my cock deep into her, then thrusting
steadily faster into her while my right hand reached around and fingered
her clit.  Suzy started moaning loudly, then almost screamed as she
succumbed to a body stiffening orgasm.  I slowed down and let her
ride out her orgasm, then as the orgasm subsided,  I rolled her onto
her back, slid back into her now very wet pussy.   I picked up
each of her knees, and putting them over my shoulders used my body weight
upper arms to keep them there while I thrust my cock deep inside her. 
I knew from experience that Suzy couldn’t take this for very long at all,
so clenching my own buttocks I pumped harder and faster, quickly coming
myself and pumping my sperm into her just as Suzy came once more herself.

I let her legs down, but lay on top of her, getting my breath back. 
“Oh God, that felt good”, were Suzy’s first words.  I smiled and nodded. 
Over our heavy breathing, we suddenly heard Sophie grunting through her
gag.  We both looked up to see Sophie desperately trying to use her
hips and legs to fuck the dildo, but tied to tightly and with her thighs
held wide apart, she couldn’t.

Suzy rolled be off her and moved up the bed towards Sophie, saying “Here,
let me help”.   As I watched curiously, Suzy knelt astride Sophie,
then squat down and rubbed her wet, come drenched pussy all over Sophie’s
nose and gag !!.

Having given Sophie’s face a good soaking, Suzy got up off her and said
“She’s not having much luck with that dildo, I think you’d better help
her out, don’t you ? “.   Needing no encouragement on that front,
I pulled the tape free from underneath Sophie’s arse freeing the dildo
to edge out slightly as Sophie squeezed her muscles around it.  I
twisted the tape, sticking it out of the way up on her stomach and started
slowly pumping the dildo in and out of her pussy.  In less than a
minute Sophie started climaxing, her hips bucking rhythmically and her
breathing faster.  I kept using the dildo until I was sure she’d come,
then slowly withdrew it and went down on her, sucking her rigid little
clit.

Sophie started moaning again so I kept going until she started coming
again, then moved up her body and started fucking her hard.  Holding
myself back as long as I could, I kept thrusting into her until I felt
myself coming, then pulled out and with the help of my right hand, shot
my load onto her mouth and gag.

Looking round the room, Suzy had gone, probably to the bathroom as her
clothes had also gone.  I bent down next to Sophie’s ear and whispered,
“I hope you enjoyed that as much I did !!”.  Sophie raised her head
and nodded, then pulled unsuccessfully at her wrist bonds and tried to
say ‘untie me’ through her gag.
Suzy returned, dressed, cleaned up but still looking flushed.  
“Finished now are we ?”, asked Suzy, sarcastically.   I got off
the bed and got dressed, leaving Sophie calling out through her gag.

With her right arm still tied outstretched to the bedpost, I stuck three
12 inch strips of duct tape horizontally across her forearm onto the bed
sheet.  Sophie would be able to work her arm free, but it would enable
us to make our getaway.   I noticed Suzy had left the wardrobe
doors open as well as the safe door, so I gathered up the jewellery and
retrieved the video, then hid them all in one of the drawers of her dresser.

Suzy packed the remnants of our bondage gear into the bag and we prepared
to leave.   I kissed Sophie’s forehead and said “I don’t suppose
you’ll tell whoever the real reason you missed their appointment, but it
may brighten their day if you did”.   Sophie mmmphed a loud ‘fuck
you’ through her gag and once again tugged at her wrists bonds to be untied. 
I untied the rope holding her right wrist to the bed, then Suzy and I quickly
left.

Suzy drove us back to her place and invited me in for a coffee then
lunch.   I wasn’t too sure how this would end up, until Suzy
said “And bring that bag of toys in with you, I want my turn again now”.  
That afternoon was another experience I won’t forget in a hurry, and which
I’ll tell you about later.   .

When I got home the next morning, I picked up two answer-phone messages
from Sophie.  The first simply said “Who the fuck was that woman and
I want my fucking stuff back, you bastard”.  The second message, a
few hours later said “I’ve found all my stuff, no thanks to you. 
It took me over an hour to get free and cleaned up.  I still want
to know who the other woman was, if you ever want to see me again it had
better be a good restaurant on Saturday - you owe me !”
