---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My New Mistress
authors:
- Heather
tags:
- M-m
- cd
- bond
- bagged
- cons
- XX
date: 2007-01-27 00:00:00
---

**Author's note: This is a true story lived by me. What was done here should not be attempted by anyone. If anything had gone wrong, it could have easily ended in my death.**

DARK

I was your typical kid growing up. I played with my toy cars, G.I. Joe's and my tree fort. I had 2 loving parents and a little sister.

COLD

I don't really know what made me start doing it, but at a young age I started wearing pantyhose.

THE AIR TASTES FUNNY

As I progressed into my teens my fetish with women's clothing grew alongside my interest in being tied up.

CONCENTRATE

In my high school years I discovered the Rocky Horror Picture show. I discovered that wearing lingerie felt great, especially when I was tied up nice and tight.

BREATHE

All of my girlfriends knew that I liked to wear lingerie. Especially during our bondage games.

THE WALLS ARE STICKING TO ME

I had a couple of Mistresses over the years and with each one my interest in cross-dressing grew. I also found out that i was a natural submissive.

COOL

I learned that I love to push my limits and to explore the sensations that are produced when I do so.

DARK

I met my current Mistress about a year ago now, although at the time neither of us ever thought that it would progress this far.

THE AIR TASTES SWEET

We started out as 2 cross dressers getting together to dress up and take some pictures.

CONCENTRATE

Before too long we were doing all-out photo shoots on a regular basis. Some of these pictures involved her tying me up.

BREATHE SLOW AND DEEP

As time progressed she began to enjoy tying me up in different positions and I got to explore some of my fantasies on film.

DONT PANIC

We were beginning to be more than mere friends. Our friendship was becoming something special.

CANT STRAIGHTEN OUT

Our photo shoots started to migrate into BDSM play sessions after we took some pictures of me in whatever new outfits I had bought.

WARMER

She helped bring out the gorgeous model that was inside me. I was no longer a mere cross dresser, I was gaining a following.

DARK

As she taught me how to pose in front of the camera I would teach her new ways to tie me up or torment me.

THE AIR TASTES SWEETER

She was turning me into my idol, Bettie Page. I never thought I would look good in a girdle and stockings, being a product of the 80's.

CONCENTRATE

Both of our wives have known from the start what we were up to. They let us have our girl time together whenever we can.

BREATHE DEEP

After about 6 months I started to see the Domme side in her begin to develop into something real.

BREATHE SLOWLY

As she learned what I liked to have done to me, she really started to enjoy it more and more.

CANT GET A DEEP BREATH

She is the jealous type, but I don't mind too much. We have lots of fun together when we play.

WARM

She has become much more to me than a friend. She is someone to explore my deepest, darkest fantasies with.

DAMP

Some of these I can't even do with my wife because they are beyond her abilities.

CLINGY

My Mistress doesn't seem to have many limits. She seems willing to take me wherever I want to go.

DARK

She enjoys watching me squirm and moan.

THROAT FEELS RAW

She treats me like the girl that is a part of me.

HARD TO BREATHE DEEP

She enjoys pushing me to my limits and sometimes beyond.

BREATHING FASTER

All I have to do is ask and she will tie me up in any manner that I want.

BREATHING SHALLOWER

She will torment me with any toys that I desire.

STARTING TO PANIC

She has even learned to love having me on a leash recently.

CONCENTRATE

I have some pretty dark fantasies that few are willing to explore.

DONT PANIC

But my Mistress welcomes them all and expands upon them.

DARK

Until recently I didn't think she had it in her to be my Mistress.

THIS WAS ALL YOUR IDEA

I'm glad I was wrong.

STICKING TO EVERYTHING

This is what has led me to where I am right now.

THE AIR TASTES SWEET

On my knees. Hands tied behind my back. Wearing a leather hood. Blindfolded. Soaked in pee.

BREATHING FASTER

Inside a large plastic bag that has been tied shut, completely airtight. Running out of air.

COOL

My Mistress has ripped a hole in the bag for me to breathe.

DEEP BREATH

Fresh air!

RELAX

My whole body is trembling.

FRESH AIR NEVER TASTED SO GOOD

"How are you feeling, Heather?"

HEADACHE

My thoughts are still a bit foggy.

BREATHING SLOWER

"Wonderful, Mistress."

RELAXED

"Could you untie me now, please Mistress? I'm getting cold."
