---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Leon City Side Stories 2025
authors:
- TheLargeEmpty
tags:
- F/f+
- latex
- majick
- outdoors
- bond
- collar
- ponygirl
- slime
- cons
- nc
- XX
date: 2026-04-12 00:00:00
---

### **The Witch, Demons and a Elf**

#### **Part 1 - The Aftermath**

Bruce kissed his wife Grace on the forehead and pulled the covers over her. She had already worked hard, so she deserved a little longer sleep. Bruce snuck into their daughter's room and began getting her ready for the day ahead. Grace herself remained in bed, even though she was already awake. She always woke up with her loved one. Even when Grace had hardly slept or slept unnaturally long.

She thought it was normal, and she just woke up when Bruce woke up. He had even allowed her to stay in bed a little longer that morning.

“Bruce is such a wonderful master,” she murmured, snuggling into her blanket as she listened attentively to the sounds in the house. Bruce was getting everything ready for the trip. She would have preferred to do it herself, but he had ordered her to stay in bed.

“Honey!? Are you getting ready?” Bruce finally called out, and Grace immediately opened her eyes.

My darling wants me to get ready. She thought over and over again as she put on her beautiful clothes. She put on her skirt and matching over-the-knee socks. Then she pulled the shirt over her head and smoothed it out. Her clothes were so tight, yet they fit her body perfectly. Grace hoped Bruce would like how she was dressed. To complete her outfit, she strapped the red high heels around her ankles. She went downstairs and saw Bruce buckling their daughter into the car. Grace wanted to make him happy and knelt in front of the front door. She bowed in front of the door and waited. Grace heard the door open and felt a tingle of excitement in her stomach. But instead of the expected cheers, she heard something else.

“Oh, Grace…” Bruce said gently and sympathetically, something she hadn't expected. He took her by the hands and forced her to stand up and show her body pressed into the latex university uniform. She looked into his eyes in confusion before he hugged her tightly.

“Oh, Grace…” he murmured into her hair again, and she felt him tremble.

Grace blinked and only now did she realize what she had just done. Her mouth fell open and tears welled up in her eyes.

“Bruce… I'm so sorry, I… I don't know…”

“It's okay, Grace, we… we'll get through this, but… please call your friend. You need help… and fast.”

Grace nodded. Things couldn't go on like this. She hugged her husband tighter as she sniffed.

Celine raised an eyebrow when she arrived at the small house Summer had described to her. It had certainly seen better days, with its peeling paint and rusty gutter. But it would serve its purpose as a hiding place. Celine walked up the driveway with her small suitcase and rang the doorbell. It only took a few seconds for the door to open and a woman, about Celine's age, to open the door a crack. The woman looked up in surprise at Celine, who was half a head taller than her thanks to the boots she was wearing.

“Hello, you're… Grace? Summer asked me to check on you,” Celine said kindly, smiling gently. Grace blushed when she saw the woman dressed in latex, but who was she to judge? After all, she herself wanted to walk through the zoo dressed in latex this morning.

“Yes… Yes. Um, you're Summer's friend? Can you help me?” Grace asked, opening the door to let Celine in.

“Let's see, I assume so. I haven't brewed a potion in a long time, but I could still do it. By the way, I'm Celine,” said the red-haired beauty, extending her hand to Grace. Grace shook it and asked, “Maybe? And what do you mean by brewing potions?” Grace started to laugh, “Are you a witch or something?”

“You could say that. If you prefer, you can call my potions medicine,” explained Celine, walking into the kitchen, where she slammed the suitcase down on the table and opened it. Inside were test tubes and various herbs that Grace had never seen before.

“Um, what is all this stuff?” Grace asked, nervously watching Celine work. But the witch ignored the question and kept her hands busy while asking Grace instead.

“So… Summer was pretty vague on the phone. What exactly do you have?”

Grace's mouth became very thin, but as her lips began to tremble, the words just bubbled out of her mouth.

“After we were freed from the university, I experienced some aftereffects. I assume it was because of the gas and hypnosis I was subjected to there. The constant discipline we had to follow, or the punishments we experienced. All the lessons, the posture training. It… it's like it's burned into my brain. I can't get rid of it, and today…”

“Mmm, I see, I see,” said Celine as she took a pot out of a kitchen cupboard, filled it with water, and placed it on the stove.

“Summer said you could help me, but… what are you doing?”

"I already told you. I'm making an antidote. If the stove is hot enough, or I have to set it on fire…“ Celine said thoughtfully, looking seriously at Grace, who turned pale at that moment. ”May I?“

Without waiting for an answer, Celine reached out and plucked a single hair from Grace's head.

”Ouch! What are you doing?" Grace hissed, rubbing her head.

“Be quiet now. I have to check this, otherwise you might… I don't know… explode?”

Grace was about to reply, but her mouth was glued shut. Celine's command was like law, and the witch looked up in surprise when she noticed it too.

“Wow, someone's been snacking on a lot of that gas,” she said, dropping the hair into a filled test tube.

It hissed briefly in the liquid and turned it pink.

“All right, shouldn't be a problem,” Celine said, tossing a few plants into the pot.

“Now, Grace. How strong is this gas really? Kneel down and kiss my hand.”

Grace immediately fell to her knees and took Celine's hand in her own. She planted a big kiss on it and then looked up expectantly. She just wanted to please the woman in front of her, and if that was what she wanted…

“These criminals…” Celine muttered disappointedly, “Stand up and sit on the chair.”

Grace did as she was told and continued to look at Celine with wide eyes.

Celine turned away from her and watched as a green cloud rose from the pot. The witch nodded and poured the contents of the pot into several test tubes, pressing one of them into Grace's hand. “Drink this whenever you want to obey someone,” Celine said simply, and Grace immediately poured the broth down her throat.

A nasty, foul taste spread across her tongue and Grace had to cough.

“What the hell is that?” she asked, fighting not to throw up, and Celine shrugged as she packed her suitcase.

“How many times do I have to tell you? It's your medicine. When it's gone, let me know and I'll make you some more. See you later.”

Celine patted Grace on the head as if she were a puppy and turned to leave.

“How is that supposed to help me?”

“Grace, sit!” Celine said sharply, but Grace didn't move. “Like this?”

Grace looked at her in bewilderment. She had absolutely no idea what the woman had just done to her, but it was true. She no longer obeyed the command. She no longer had any desire to obey her.

“Thank you?”

“You're welcome, sweetie,” Celine said with a laugh and disappeared out the door, leaving a very confused Grace behind.

#### **Part 2 - Rivals Game**

Rilliana strolled across the clearing of her home, sipping a smoothie. Normally, she would have just gone up to her room, but Phae was blocking her way. The little angel was sitting on the doormat, her eyes tightly shut and her ears covered. Rilliana walked over to her and nudged her. The angel opened her eyes and looked up at the elf.

“Oh hi, Rilli,” said Phaelyn, but she kept her ears sealed, so Rilliana had to speak a little louder.

“Hey Phae… why are you blocking the door?”

“Oh… I am, aren't I?” said Phae, rolling to the side.

“Thanks,” said Rilliana, but she remained where she was. “What are you doing here?”

“Oh, I… um… Ifry and Celine are arguing, and I don't like it when people argue,” said Phae quietly, and Rilliana frowned.

“Yeah, arguing isn't nice, but sometimes you just have to let off some steam. It's better than bottling it up,” she said and listened. Rilliana heard Celine and Ifry talking a little louder than usual.

“Shall we go see if we can settle the argument?” Rilliana asked, holding out her hand to the angel. Phae hesitated before nodding cautiously and letting Rilliana pull her to her feet. The elf opened the door and was greeted with a torrent of words that didn't sound like an argument, though.

“Your breasts are so big that you can't even see what's right in front of your feet!”

“OH! At least I have breasts! I bet you use your chest as a cutting board, they're so flat!”

“POOOH!”

"You know, Phae, there are small but subtle differences. At first I thought the two were just arguing a little… loudly, but no, they're just having a childish…“ Rilliana paused to find another word for argument so as not to upset the angel, ”squabble.“

”Squ-ab-ble?" Phae asked, frowning at the strange word.

“It's nothing you need to take seriously. If we stay out of their way and let them calm down, everything will be back to normal,” Rilliana said with a smile.

“I understand,” said Phaelyn. Rilliana and Phae were just about to go to their room when Celine burst through the door and saw the two blondes.

“YOU!”

“Ah, fuck,” Rilliana muttered, and Phae hid behind the elf.

“You have to decide which one of us is the better dom!”

Rilliana exhaled slowly and painfully.

“Again?” the elf asked, but she bit her lip when she saw that Celine's head was turning as red as her hair.

“You two will be our subs for this competition!” Celine said through clenched teeth.

“In the living room, on your knees! Now!” Ifry ordered, and Phae was about to run when Rilliana stopped her.

“Not you, Phae. Where's the fun in making an already trained sub the object of your game?” Rilliana asked, receiving questioning looks from the other three women. The elf held out a hand as if the solution were hidden in it, smiled broadly, and raised an eyebrow.

“Take the cop and the thief.”

Off the path, under a huge tree, Caitlyn and Jade lay on a blanket. The girlfriends listened to the silence of the forest, felt each other's warmth, and drank from their smoothies from time to time. “It was really nice of Rilliana to show us this place,” Jade murmured, stroking Caitlyn's thigh.

Caitlyn nodded and closed her eyes as the sun blinded her.

“We don't have to worry about those crazy people seeing us here,” she murmured, opening one eye when she felt a shadow fall over her. Standing in front of her were Celine and Ifry, both staring at her greedily.

“I hope you don't mean us,” said Ifry.

“Well… not yet…” Caitlyn murmured and sat up, but Celine interrupted her.

“You have to come with us. Now!”

“Why?” asked Jade, who had no intention of lifting a finger. Caitlyn fell back.

“Because we…” Ifry began, but Celine raised her hand.

“Let me handle this. I don't feel like discussing it.”

Before anyone else could say anything, Celine raised her hand and the blanket under Caitlyn and Jade folded around them.

“Hey, what the hell!” Jade and Caitlyn cried in unison as they were squeezed together and lifted up by the magic.

The blanket formed into a sack and squeezed the two women together. Celine and Ifry could hear moans and gasps coming from inside, and the rivals grinned at each other.

“After you, two-man tent,” Ifry said, and Celine's left eye began to twitch.

“Thanks, Flounder,” Celine replied irritably, causing a vein to appear on Ifry's temple.

The blanket opened in the C&T clearing and Caitlyn and Jade rolled out. Both wanted to complain immediately, but the faces of Celine and Ifry silenced them instantly.

“Of course, not dressed appropriately,” muttered Ifry and snapped her fingers. Instantly, the women's clothes disappeared, leaving them naked. Caitlyn and Jade immediately covered their crotches and breasts, and their mouths fell open.

“Wawawaawaaaas! Give us back our clothes immediately!” Caitlyn shouted, and Jade nodded in agreement.

“Who are you taking?” Celine ignored the request and turned to Ifry.

“Mmmmh… I think Caitlyn,” Ifry replied, and with a spell from Celine, red and black latex shot out of her hands and sprayed the two naked women.

Caitlyn's body was covered in black latex in no time, while Jade's was red, matching their hair.

“What are we betting on, anyway?” Ifry asked.

“Pffff… Why did we get into a fight again?”

“Good question. Maybe we should sit down and think about it. You two! Kneel! Your mistresses need chairs!”

Caitlyn and Jade looked at each other for a moment, then at Celine and Ifry.

“No?” replied Jade.

“Wrong answer,” they both said, and a riding crop appeared in Celine's hand, while Ifry held a wide paddle.

Through the gaps between her fingers, Phaelyn watched as both women were spanked by Ifry and Celine and chased across the clearing. Rilliana and she had made themselves comfortable on the roof and watched the four others' antics.

“Do you think that hurts Caitlyn and Jade?”

“I hope so. Those two stole my smoothies for their picnic,” said Rilliana, grinning broadly as Jade and Caitlyn finally got down on all fours. Celine and Ifry sat on their backs and everyone could hear loud moans.

“So, what are we going to do?”

“How about the loser cooks for everyone tonight?” Jade suggested, gritting her teeth.

“Quiet, slave,” Celine barked, slapping her crop on Jade’s butt. She hissed as the pain shot through her body.

“How about the loser makes dinner?” Celine asked, and Ifry nodded in agreement.

“Excellent idea, Celine, my dear.”

“Oh, thank you, Ifry dear,” Celine replied.

“But how do we test who is the better dom?”

“You know… we already have the whips… how about: Who can give their sub the most strokes until they give up?”

Caitlyn and Jade turned pale.

“Excellent idea! They’re both so proud that they would never humiliate themselves like that!”

“We have to get out of here!”

“QUIET!” Ifry shouted, and the paddle smacked Caitlyn's butt, almost knocking her over.

“Fuuuuuuuck,” Caitlyn groaned as her arms began to shake. She looked at Jade and then up at Celine, who was about to stand up.

“I… I give up!” Caitlyn shouted, and everyone looked at her in surprise.

“But we haven't even started yet!” Ifry exclaimed indignantly.

“I'm sorry, Ifry…” Caitlyn murmured, lowering her head.

At dinner, Rilliana walked over to Caitlyn and bent down to the cage to refill Caitlyn's bowl.

The police officer had been stuck in it ever since she had undermined the game between the rivals.

“Why did you give up? I thought you were going to put on a big show for Phae and me,” Rilliana said with a grin. Caitlyn looked down at the spaghetti Ifry had cooked for them as punishment.

“You would have loved that, right? But no… it wasn't the pain that forced me to give up, or because I believe Celine is the better mistress.”

“Then what?” asked Rilliana, and Caitlyn glanced furtively at the witch.

“Celine may be a masterful magician… but she can't cook.”

#### **Part 3 - The Carriage**

The friends crowded into Celine's living room. They sat at the table and played cards. Phae rested on Summer's lap. While listening to music, she nibbled on a cookie, and next to her, Ifry drew something on a large sheet of paper. None of them felt like moving much, and Chloe let her gaze wander wearily until she looked through the large living room window and into the witch's garden.

“Hey Celine, what's actually in that building?” asked Chloe, who saw the long building behind Celine's property every day but had never questioned what it was for. The witch looked outside and the other women followed her gaze.

“Oh…” said Celine, and she, Rilliana, and Trisha began to smile. “I'll tell you what, Chloe. Since you and your friends are just hanging around my house and eating anyway, I suggest we have a picnic.”

Chloe, Caitlyn, Ava, and Ifry narrowed their eyes and stared at the witch calculatingly while Rilliana and Trisha giggled.

“What's in there?” Chloe asked, crossing her arms under her chastity bra.

“The car we're taking to the picnic,” Celine said simply and stood up.

“Okay?” Chloe muttered, exchanging thoughtful glances with her friends. They already suspected that the witch was up to something.

Ten minutes later, Chloe, Phaelyn, Ifry, Caitlyn, Ava, and Summer stood in front of the long house. They whispered to each other as they waited to be let in.

“A picnic, huh? Why don't we just walk there?” Caitlyn asked.

“Maybe it's farther away?” Phae asked.

“Maybe, but then why don't we take one of Rilliana's cars?” asked Chloe, and the friends fell silent just as the elf appeared in the wide doorway.

“Sooo, everything should be ready now,” she said, and the others looked at each other. The friends knew exactly what that meant.

“So, when are we going to be tied up?” Ava asked, slightly annoyed, and Rilliana blushed.

“Ava, don't spoil the surprise for everyone!” Rilliana said indignantly, but even Phae stared at the elf with a raised eyebrow. “Haaaaa… Now… now you're going to be tied up.”

Rilliana opened the gate, revealing a huge wooden carriage. It was studded with steel and gold and made a massive impression.

“A carriage?” Phae asked, slightly confused, but her expression brightened. “CELINE HAS HORSES!?”

She immediately ran inside to find the horses, but there were none. She only found empty stalls with straw on the floor, and she pouted. The others followed her hesitantly.

“Hey, our names are on the stalls!” Summer exclaimed, and immediately the others found their names as well.

“Unfortunately, there haven't been any horses here for a long time. But now we have you!” Rilliana explained with a grin, and the friends flinched as the barn door locked behind them. Also grinning, Trisha and Celine blocked their way to the exit. Caitlyn was about to say something when something snapped around her neck and clicked. Rilliana had put a collar around her and Ifry's necks that would seal their magic for the coming battle.

“Oops, me and my clumsy fingers,” laughed the elf, winking as she handed the angel another collar, which Phae put on from the free pieces, while Ifry's mouth opened reproachfully.

“So, ladies. Please go to your boxes so we can change you,” said Celine gently but with an undertone that brooked no argument.

The friends looked at the witch for a moment, then at each other, and then ran away grinning.

“I wouldn't have wanted it any other way… Trisha, grab her,” said Celine.

“With the greatest pleasure,” said the catgirl, showing her sharp teeth for a moment until her hunting instinct kicked in. Like a flash, she shot after the women to catch them.

Since no one could use magic, Caitlyn was the fittest due to her job and had managed to escape the shifter the longest. However, her luck came to an abrupt end when the catgirl jumped at her from the side and they both rolled into a box. Trisha pinned Caitlyn to the floor and stared down at her with a grin.

“Got the last one!” Trisha shouted triumphantly.

“Very good! Then get her dressed,” Celine called back, throwing her a bag before disappearing into another box, where they could hear Phae's joyful squeals.

“So what do we have here?” Trisha asked, pulling the bag toward her while holding Caitlyn at bay with one hand.

But she had to admit that the policewoman wasn't giving up, and the shifter liked that all the more.

“Let me go, Trisha!” Caitlyn shouted, twisting her wrists under Trisha's grip until her fingertips dug slightly into her skin.

“Quiet now, police girl. I have to see what my sister brought us,” Trisha explained, rummaging through the bag with her other hand. She took out a leather harness with matching blinders and a spreader gag. She also found a pair of arm restraints and a new shiny dark blue suit. It looked heavy and thick. It was very different from Celine's other latex suits, but still familiar.

“What's that?” Caitlyn asked curtly, staring at the suit as if it were going to eat her alive.

“A new suit to protect your body. Come on, take your clothes off!” Trisha ordered, but Caitlyn stuck her tongue out at her.

“I'm not even thinking about it with you in here!”

“Then I'll have to do it myself,” said Trisha with a smile as Caitlyn realized she had walked right into the shifter's trap. A sharp claw found its way to her belly button, but before Trisha could cut open Caitlyn's shirt, she quickly shouted, “Wait! I'll do it myself!”

Trisha pursed her lips, but stood up and helped Caitlyn up. The young woman blushed instantly, but didn't want to risk her shirt again and lifted it over her head. Caitlyn threw it on the floor and her jeans followed suit. Clad only in her underwear, she stood facing the shifter, who now began to smile even more broadly.

“Don't you want to turn around?”

“Nope.”

“Sure,” Caitlyn said dryly and turned away from Trisha, whose grin now rivaled that of the Cheshire Cat. Caitlyn's underwear landed on her pants and she knelt down carefully to pick up the suit. As she did so, she shot a dirty look over her shoulder. Trisha was still leaning against the wall, enjoying the show and Caitlyn's bare bottom. She turned her attention back to the suit. It felt very thick, yet it didn't seem to compromise elasticity or shine. Caitlyn opened the thick zipper at the back of the suit and slipped her legs in. The suit molded itself easily around her body. It held her firmly in place but didn't squeeze her uncomfortably anywhere. It felt like a mixture of a diving suit and Celine's latex.

“Arms behind your back!” Trisha commanded, and Caitlyn's arms moved as if by themselves behind her back just before Trisha closed the arm binders around her chest and slipped her arms inside. A zipper sealed her hands inside, and additional straps reinforced the feeling of tightness and helplessness. Trisha then put on the rest of the harness, which was connected with metal rings, and finally the gag and blinders. It was a strange feeling for Caitlyn not to be able to see anything out of the corner of her eye, as she always had to be alert at work.

“Everything okay?” asked Trisha, sensing the nervousness in Caitlyn's body. She shrugged, and the catgirl put a hand on her shoulder.

“It's all right. Celine Rilliana and I will take care of you, and the forest isn't as dangerous as it used to be.”

Caitlyn raised an eyebrow.

“You just had extremely bad luck,” Trisha laughed, and Caitlyn grumbled into her gag so that it sounded like a horse snorting. Trisha smiled and led Caitlyn to a hay bale to sit down.

“Ready for your hooves?” Trisha asked, and Caitlyn's eyes widened as the catgirl fished dark blue pony boots out of the bag that shone as if they had been carved from sapphires. Caitlyn immediately stretched out her feet to try them on, and Trisha followed her ponygirl's command. Her feet were pressed into shape and she had to stand on the balls of her feet. At least the inside was well padded, but the boots had no support at the heel. She had to balance constantly, but Trisha didn't give her much time to get used to them and led her back to the carriage where some of her friends from Rilliana were already being harnessed. Summer and Chloe were in the back row, wearing pink and gold suits. Caitlyn was placed in the second row next to Ava. She wore a purple suit. She nodded to her friend, who had a deep red face and seemed unable to believe what kind of situation she had gotten herself into again.

“So that should be everyone,” said Celine, coming out of a box with Phae and Ifry. The angel wore a bright white suit, while Ifry wore a bright red one. The couple was strapped to the front of the carriage, and Celine made herself comfortable inside, while Rilliana and Trisha settled down on the driver's platform. A hissing sound rang out as Trisha cracked her whip.

“Go, girls! Run!”

Caitlyn immediately pushed against the carriage and could see Phae doing the same in front of her, but they didn't move an inch.

"I said go! Show me what you're made of!" Trisha shouted, cracking the whip on Caitlyn's rear. She squealed loudly and gave it everything she had, but nothing helped. The carriage was simply too heavy and the women couldn't move it. Even Ifrys and Phae's supernatural strength didn't help them, but Caitlyn believed that the collars were taming their powers.

“What's going on? I thought we had the best ponies in town,” said Celine, sticking her head out of the carriage window. Instead of the best ponies in town, she was greeted by the sad sight of panting pony girls who couldn't move from the spot even with all their strength.

“Haaaaa. Trisha? Rilliana? It seems to me that we need to train our ponies. Get me some treadmills and a long whip!”

The ponies turned pale as the elf and the shifter jumped out of the carriage with grins on their faces.

#### **Part 4 - The Great Escape**

Caitlyn panted through the gag. The training was exhausting and sweat ran down her head. The pony boots kept tripping her up, but the cables attached to her harness held her steady.

“Come on, Caitlyn. You need to lift your legs more,” Celine admonished her, and the riding crop whistled through the air.

Zack!

A thunderclap shot through Caitlyn's butt and she squealed. She quickly got back on the treadmill and picked up the pace again.

Next to her, Caitlyn could hear giggling, groaning, and more panting. Her friends were dressed in the same costumes as her, running parallel to Caitlyn and stumbling across the treadmill. However, it seemed that the treadmills were running at different speeds. Phae was going at walking pace next to them, while she, Ava, and Ifry almost had to run. The armbinders didn't exactly help them keep their balance, and at regular intervals, they all got slapped on the butt.

"Haaaaa, impossible at this speed… I think you need a little refreshment, and then we'll pick up the pace again. Rilliana, help me carry it for a moment. Trisha, watch our hard-working ponies,“ said Celine, tucking the whip under Trisha's arms as she dozed on the carriage. She didn't even look up as the witch and the elf left the barn.

”Mmmmpfffff!" all the pony girls cried at once into their gags.

Even Summer and Chloe, who had a more moderate pace, groaned under the training and just wanted to get out of their restraints.

“What?” Trisha muttered irritably and opened one eye. In front of her, the six ponies ran in their shiny outfits. Their behinds wiggled attractively, and Trisha had a great desire to familiarize all six of them with the whip. After all, they were disturbing her sleep.

“MMMhff!”

Zack!

The whip landed on Chloe's butt, and the blonde gasped.

“Quiet! I want to sleep!” Trisha muttered and lay back down with a grin. But immediately the ponies groaned again, and Trisha followed suit. Every butt got acquainted with her riding crop, but she realized that at least Caitlyn, Ava, and Ifry were running on empty.Maybe they should be given a little leeway… They're tied up, after all, so they shouldn't get too far. Trisha thought and “accidentally” flipped a switch as she lay back down. Immediately, the cables retracted from the harnesses and the pony girls stumbled off their treadmills. Phae looked shyly up at the cat girl while the others immediately took off. They ran out of the barn and escaped the pony training, even though they were still wearing the suits, harnesses, and, most importantly, the arm binders.

##### **Caitlyn**

Caitlyn ran with her friends as fast as her hooved feet could carry her. She didn't know where to go, she didn't know why, but she knew that she definitely didn't want to keep running in those devilish pony boots. She knew it was contradictory, since she was running away in those very boots. But at least it was her own decision.

“MMPF!” Chloe called to her, and Caitlyn turned her head almost 90 degrees because the blinders were still restricting her vision. She saw Chloe's wide-open eyes as she shook her head and then…

Caitlyn felt the ground disappear beneath her feet, and a fraction of a second later, she lost eye contact with Chloe. Caitlyn jerked her head forward again, and now it was her turn to open her eyes wide. The ground had disappeared and been replaced by a hole, into which she was falling at that very moment.

The air whistled past her ears, and when she saw the ground, she curled up into a ball. There was a loud thud as Caitlyn landed on soft ground, and mud splattered in all directions.

I… I'm not dead? Caitlyn asked, opening her eyes. Her whole body was covered in mud, and she shook her head to get rid of it.

She looked up and could see her friends above her. Chloe, Summer, and Ava stared down until Chloe seemed to say something through the gag and then left. The other two followed her. Caitlyn watched them in disbelief until she felt something on her leg. She looked down and saw a small slime crawling up her leg.

“Mmmh?” she muttered into her gag and bent down.

Probably Celine's slimes? I didn't know she had any in her clearing. Caitlyn thought and smiled behind her gag until she felt another slime crawling up her butt.

Ummmm.

She looked around. There was a huge pool of mud around her, and it was moving. Dozens of slimes were crawling toward her, attracted by her warmth, and Caitlyn swallowed. She stood up and wanted to run away, but her pony boots were stuck in the mud.

Ah, fuck, Caitlyn thought before all the slimes jumped on her and buried her beneath them.

##### **Ava**

In shock, Ava saw Caitlyn fall down the hole. There was a splashing sound, and she looked down in horror, as did Summer and Chloe.

“Mmmmpff mmmh,” Chloe muttered next to her and shrugged before heading toward the forest. Ava looked down again and breathed a sigh of relief when Caitlyn looked up. Summer nudged Ava and she nodded toward the woods before galloping away. Ava took one last look down and then ran after Summer. She felt the urge to run. Not on a stupid treadmill, but outdoors, in the woods, with Summer. The fresh air felt like a blessing on her face, and even her suit seemed to cool down and give her body new strength. Thanks to her training, she managed to catch up with Summer, but there was no sign of Chloe.

Well, she lives here. I'm sure she knows what she's doing, Ava thought and nudged Summer lightly, who started to giggle.

“Mmmmf?” Ava asked, trying to figure out where her friend was going.

“Mmmmhfff!” Summer said, but Ava didn't understand a word. She trusted that Summer knew where they were going.

But how could Summer know where they were going? The thought flashed through Ava's mind and she slowed down.

She looked back and saw only trees. “Mmmhmmmh?” Ava asked, and at that moment Summer screamed. Ava spun around and her blood ran cold. Summer was hanging in midair, kicking her hooves. Ava knew immediately what had happened to her friend. She was caught in a trap set by the spiders that lived here.

Ava hadn't thought they were lurking so close to the clearing. She knew she had to do something to save Summer, but her fear paralyzed her. And then she saw a fluffy spider. Purple and as big as a melon. It still seemed only interested in Summer's struggle against the web, but it looked up when Ava took a step back and broke a branch. The crack seemed to echo throughout the forest, and Ava suddenly felt hundreds of eyes on her.

It was a mistake to come here, Ava thought as all her alarm bells started ringing. She turned around and was about to run when something hit her in the back. A long thread had been shot from the branches and was now stuck to her suit. Ava hoped she wouldn't have to pay any attention to it, but at that moment, spider webs shot out from all corners and angles in her direction, stopping her attempt to escape. Threads stuck to her body from all directions and pulled at her until she stumbled and fell. The sticky silk wrapped itself around her body before she could even get up. Her legs were pressed together and her arms, which were already pinned to her back, were hopelessly tangled in the threads. The spiders pulled her back to Summer, who had been transformed into a silk mummy, and threw Ava headfirst into the web next to her. One of them crawled over her legs and sprayed her with the damp cobwebs. As they dried in the air, they contracted. Ava knew that the rest of her body would soon suffer the same fate. At the same time, she cursed Greed, who apparently had no desire to help her and instead preferred to snack on the sweat from her sweaty body.

##### **Ifry**

Ifry watched her friends for a moment and noticed that her beloved Phae was missing. The demon blinked in confusion and turned around. Each step of her hooves clattered on the floor until she stood in front of the gate and glanced back inside. There she saw the angel disappear into a box with Trisha. Ifry reentered the barn and walked over to them. Once there, she saw Phaelyn curled up on the soft floor, right next to Trisha.

“Mmmhpf,” Ifry said through her gag, and both women looked up.

“Oh? Ifry, I thought you had run away with the others. Do you want to lie down with us?” Trisha asked, and Ifry nodded. She carefully knelt on the floor and lay down next to Phae, who rested her head on Ifry's shoulder. They cuddled close together. Trisha threw a blanket over them all and closed her eyes.

“Enjoy the break, my dear ponies,” Trisha murmured, putting an arm around them both. Phae snorted softly, making Ifry and Trisha giggle.

##### **Celine**

“We're back,” said the witch happily, “I hear Trisha has already freed you and you've been able to rest a little.”

Celine walked around the carriage and looked satisfied at the empty treadmills. However, when she found the box with Trisha snoring and the couple cuddling together, she became suspicious.

“Hey, where are the others?” Celine asked, nudging Trisha with her boot. Trisha opened one eye.

“No idea. They ran away from me.”

“Run off? What… how?” Celine asked, stunned, while Rilliana followed the tracks of trampled hay out into the clearing.

“Celine?”

“Oh, please don't tell me those idiots ran into the forest…” Celine muttered, following Rilliana to recapture the pony girls who were surely lost.

Fortunately, one of them came running back at that moment.

##### **Chloe**

Chloe grinned stupidly behind her gag as she escaped the ordeal of treadmills and whiplashes. Until she looked around and realized she had gotten lost again.

Fuuuuuck, she thought, stamping her hooves in annoyance. There was a loud crack and she spun around. Behind a tree stood a woman dressed in leaves, watching her. She had blonde hair and a flower adorned her head. Chloe's eyes widened when she saw the nymph, who remembered their last encounter all too well, and turned around.

“Hey! Where are you going?! Don't you want help? HEYYY!” the nymph called after her, but Chloe wasn't having any of it. Her exhausted body suddenly had new reserves of energy and she ran as if the devil himself were on her heels.

Screw it! I'd rather run on the treadmill for hours than talk to her again! echoed in Chloe's head. She broke through the clearing and ran happily toward the witch, who had put on a very stern expression, until she lost her footing and landed with a splash in the mud next to Caitlyn's slime-covered body.

#### **Part 5 - 1362**

Rilliana clutched her cloak tighter to protect herself from the biting wind that swept across the land. Howling sounds could be heard as it whistled through the trees, sending a shiver down the elf's spine.

“Not much longer…” Rilliana murmured as she looked up and could now clearly see the lights. Guards patrolled the walls, chatting among themselves. Only when she came to a halt in front of the drawbridge did they notice the elf dressed in black.

“Who goes there?” they called, and the wind carried their voices to Rilliana’s ears.

“A traveler in need of a warm bed,” Rilliana called back, which was answered only with laughter.

“Too bad, the gates are closed and won’t open again until tomorrow morning. Go away, traveler,” the guard called back and disappeared from the parapet, laughing.

“Typical,” Rilliana muttered and left the path. It wasn't the first time she had to sneak into a city, because she always had the misfortune of reaching cities in the middle of the night. Once she was safely hidden among the trees, she looked up at the walls. Torches wandered past on the battlement, and she waited until they were further away before she started running. A magically enhanced jump carried her over the deep moat, and she landed roughly at the foot of the wall. She almost fell backwards, but just managed to grab a protruding stone and pull herself up. Glancing up to make sure no one had noticed her, she began to climb. It was easy, having spent most of her “youth” roaming the walls of Leon City. She quickly reached the top and rolled onto the battlement. There she crouched in the shadows as a guard with a torch approached.

“Did you see that?”

“Mmm?”

“There was someone there.”

“Oh, it was probably just a rat or something. Calm down, you've become so paranoid.”

“You haven't? I'm telling you… these demons and witches… they're among us. And we have to be more vigilant than ever. This wave of disease is coming from evil forces.”

Rilliana narrowed her eyes when she heard the last part and crept on. She had arrived at the right place.

> 10/27/1362
>
> Hey Trisha…
>
> Sorry I haven't written much lately. The Black Death and the ongoing war with England have made France… well… it's not the most beautiful place on earth these days. I've arrived in Vaulancourt. As always, at night, but you know me. Fortunately, I found lodging in one of the inns and…

Rilliana looked up and hid her diary as the innkeeper hobbled over to her and set down a loaf of bread and a bowl of lukewarm soup.

“Thank you,” she murmured, and the innkeeper nodded.

“The room upstairs is free. But I warn you, don't fall too deeply asleep,” he said sadly.

“Why not?”

"Demons, witches, and vile elves haunt the city and steal the souls of those who wander too deeply into the realm of dreams… If you sleep too deeply, you will never wake up again… and you will die,“ he said bitterly and turned to leave, but Rilliana held him back.

”Can you tell me more about this?"

Rilliana looked into the broken eyes of the innkeeper, who seemed to be wondering if the stranger was making fun of him.

“It starts with sleep. If you don't wake up in the morning, your body becomes paralyzed. It… it becomes almost impossible to move, and eventually the person starts to gasp for breath. Breathing becomes more and more difficult, more and more painful, night after night, until you…” He fell silent and turned away. Rilliana understood and gently placed a hand on his arm.

“My wife succumbed to the demons four weeks ago… my daughter, she… may have one or two nights left…”

“That is no fate that any human deserves. I'm sorry for your loss.”

The innkeeper just nodded and went back behind the bar, where he served a few more customers. Meanwhile, Rilliana pulled her hood a little deeper over her face. She did not want to be recognized as a “ vile” elf under any circumstances. She picked up her quill and finished her thoughts in her diary.

The rumors seem to be true. Vaulancourt is haunted by something or someone. I will see what I can do. Maybe I can kill it. Maybe seal it away. It's a good thing I brought all of Celine's books with me.

Rilliana put the book away and began to eat. It wasn't the most nutritious thing she had ever eaten, but it satisfied her hunger from the journey.

The elf went to her room after the innkeeper closed the tavern. She looked through the keyhole as he passed her room and entered his lonely bedroom. Only now did she turn to her bed and take off her weapons and traveling clothes. Her cloak revealed a blond head with pointed ears peeking out. The leather armor fell next, revealing the elf in a skin-tight latex suit that protected her from most of the dangers of Europe. She pulled a book and a piece of chalk out of her backpack and opened it. Inside were runes and circles, which she now tried to trace on the floor—a meditation circle that would help her recognize the horrors that haunted Vaulancourt. She sat down inside it and closed her eyes. As Rilliana meditated, the circle began to glow, and its magic scanned the room, then the house and the neighboring houses. Its range grew larger and larger, but she found nothing.

“Mmh,” Rilliana murmured as her magic encompassed the entire city, wondering if she had been wrong. “Perhaps there is a natural source?”

She opened her eyes and looked at the bed, which invited her to lie down. She hadn't slept “normally” in quite a while, and for good reason. Meditation organized her thoughts and helped her process the suffering she had experienced and witnessed. Sleep was more like a gamble. Sometimes it helped, sometimes it didn't, and sometimes it made everything worse.

“But maybe…” she said, taking another book out of her backpack. She quickly found the page she was looking for and cast the spell described in it. She strapped on her quiver and bow and lay down in bed before closing her eyes. She doubted she would need anything else.

“Hopefully this spell will work…” she murmured, and her body went limp as she passed through the gateway to the realm of dreams.

I was lying in my bed in Leon's Keep, but I wasn't alone. My girlfriend was sleeping next to me. Trisha had laid her head on my shoulder and was snoring softly while I stroked her hair. But something wasn't right. I just couldn't put my finger on what exactly it was until I looked at my hands. They were covered in latex, as were my arms and upper body. Now I felt the gentle pressure of it on the rest of my body too. But not only that – I was armed.

“Why…?” I asked, confused, looking down at Trisha, who was now opening her eyes.

“Rilli?”

“Hey, sweetheart, um… long time no see, huh?” I asked, immediately questioning myself. Didn't we go to bed together?

“Rilli,” the shifter murmured again and snuggled deeper into my shoulder. She began to purr, and I felt the vibration calm my body. But still, I had my doubts.

“Do you know why I'm dressed like this?”

“You're always dressed like this,” Trisha said, blinking at me with her deep brown eyes.

“Well…” I began, but again I questioned it. I do go to bed dressed in latex, but never with my bow and arrows, right? I narrowed my eyes and stood up. Trisha fell onto the pillow, but didn't seem to mind. She rolled onto her back and grinned at me.

“Come back to bed,” she said invitingly, reaching out her hands to me, but I avoided her.

“I'm sorry, Trish, but… I have a mission,” I said, realizing that I was dreaming and knowing with a heavy heart that I had to say goodbye to Trisha now. “Maybe we'll see each other again in a few centuries.”

I raised my hand and made a swiping motion. The walls of my room disappeared in a whirl, and with them Trisha. They were replaced by Celine's forest, then Leon's Keep, the hut of my newest friends Ifry and Phae, places in America, Europe, Asia, and Africa, and so much suffering I had experienced on my travels, until I stood in the very city where I was currently sleeping. It was gloomy. Even my eyes could barely pierce the darkness, but it had to be here somewhere. I opened the door to my room and saw a trail of grindings on the floor. It led down the stairs.

“I should follow it,” I muttered to myself and followed the trail, out of the tavern and into the center of town. Here, several drag marks converged and disappeared into the large church.

“Made yourself comfortable in the biggest house, huh?” I asked, drawing my bow. Whatever was in there was responsible for the horrors that haunted the town. I crept toward the church, but stopped when I noticed a thin thread running alongside me. As I followed it with my eyes, I saw a body wrapped in it being pulled toward the church.

“Oh no, not another victim. You've truly eaten enough,” I muttered, drew an arrow, and severed the thread with a well-aimed shot. The body instantly vanished into thin air as the soul was freed from the nightmare. I smiled, but my triumph was abruptly interrupted when a deafening thunderclap broke the silent darkness. I spun around and stumbled back when I saw the monster that had the people in its spell. It towered over me, four times my size. Its entire body seemed to consist of threads—some thin, some thick—but all together they gave it a terrifying appearance. Its arms were so long that it could easily touch the ground, and its face had long, sharp teeth and glowing eyes that pierced the darkness. Its lower body looked like the roots of an old tree, and in between I could see egg-shaped bubbles. Sweat ran down my forehead when I saw that there were people trapped under a milky membrane. They were screaming for help, unable to breathe or move. I swallowed my fear and my trembling fingers grabbed a new arrow. It whistled through the air, but the monster swatted it aside as if it were a fly.

“Oh, shit,” I cursed as it reached out its hand toward me. I jumped away at the last second, but I had rejoiced too soon when threads sprouted from its fingers and grabbed my leg. Now it was my turn to be dragged across the ground, and I fought back with all my might. I shot another arrow, but it simply flew past, and I was pulled between the roots without being able to defend myself significantly. A milky membrane closed behind me, and only then was I released. I wondered why it did that until the chamber became tighter. Behind me, the muscles pressed me against the membrane until I was stuck. The monster didn't allow any further movement as it sealed me inside it. My breathing became more laborious as I ran out of air, and I could do nothing but watch through the milky membrane as the monster disappeared back into the church. It had what it wanted—another victim for the night. I could only hope that it would take its time digesting my soul and that I would find a way out of the situation by then.

#### **Part 6 - 1362 part 2**

I felt like a puppet. Like a plaything for the monster. Of course, I had to proceed without a proper plan once again. I could have assessed the situation more carefully first. Found out what kind of monster was haunting the residents of Vaulancourt before I woke it up. But it was no use. I could only hope that my situation would somehow improve. At least it couldn't get any worse. Squeezed between a wafer-thin membrane and the monster itself. If the situation weren't so serious, I would have enjoyed this “natural” vacuum bed, but with the threat of my soul being stolen and the consequences that would entail, I couldn't think about it for a second.

“Come on,” I growled under my breath as I tried to push my right hand toward my arrows. However, the attempt was met with little success. The monster reacted to my escape attempt, and I felt myself being pressed even harder against the membrane. It was now stretched tightly over my head, and I groaned—but not just out of frustration or pain.

“Fuuuuck. Why did I have to make this rookie mistake… at 200 years old,” I cursed, peering through the milky membrane. My trusty bow lay on the floor right in front of me. It was of no use to me anyway, and I had left my knives and daggers in the real world.

“When did I become so careless?”

This time I cursed myself for not at least taking Trisha's dagger with me. Stupid mistakes that now had me stuck.

The innkeeper opened the door to the hallway and scanned the corridor with dull eyes. Normally, his daughter would have gotten up with him, but since she had fallen into a deep sleep, she was lying in the same room as him. He had tried to give her water and light food, but it was becoming increasingly difficult, and he knew she didn't have much time left. As he passed by, he knocked on the guest room door where the stranger was sleeping. No one answered.

“Hey, get up if you want breakfast!” he called through the door—but still no answer. “Oh, don't tell me…”

He pulled out his key and unlocked the door. The innkeeper took a step inside, but immediately stopped dead in his tracks. The woman was lying on the bed, wearing skin-tight, shiny clothing. It looked to him as if she had been dipped in a barrel of pitch. On top of that, she was clutching her bow and arrow. The next thing he noticed were her ears, which were pointed and stuck out from her blonde hair.

“By God… an elf?!” he cried in shock and stumbled back. Then he saw the witch's circle drawn in chalk on the floor. His heart began to race and his legs grew weak. He sank to the floor, and the fingers of his right hand pointed first to his left shoulder, then his right shoulder, then his chest, and down to his stomach before he folded his hands and began to pray the Lord's Prayer.

“… as we forgive…” he said, but the elf's coughing tore him from his prayer. This snapped him out of his panic as he recognized the cough. The innkeeper opened his eyes and slowly stood up.

“She… she has also succumbed to the sleep?” he asked, walking cautiously toward the bed. The elf’s chest rose irregularly, and she seemed to be struggling for breath.

“Indeed,” he muttered as he tried to move her arm, but the paralysis had already set in. He furrowed his brow and stared down at her.

“What demon would be so stupid as to succumb to its own spell? Or elf in this case…” he muttered and walked over to the dresser where a book lay. He opened it and noted with disgust that it was written in English.

“More like a spy, eh?” he muttered, trying to decipher the writing. It was difficult, but his wife had taught him English before she passed away.

“Leon’s… Keep? Where is that supposed to be, and… 200 years ago, but…” He looked at the elf. She couldn’t have been a day older than 25.

“Witchcraft,” he whispered, but continued leafing through to more recent days. If what the elf wrote to this Trisha was true, she was currently traveling through France trying to help people: dispelling spells, healing, warning villagers. What struck the innkeeper was the elf's aversion to magic, even though she used it herself.

“But… if you use it for good, is it still evil?” he muttered, putting the book back before looking at the one next to it. The page that was open was about dreamwalking.

“Great, more witchcraft,” he said, but his curiosity won out over his aversion.

"When the correct spell is cast, the caster—please, God, forgive me—can enter the dream and alter it to their liking. Everything that lies in bed with him is taken into the dream world,“ he read aloud and stared at the elf with a hint of disgust before reading the rest, ”This technique is used to fight or drive away monsters in dreams…"

The innkeeper looked at the elf again, this time with hope in his eyes. Did she want to save his daughter?

“But if she herself is plagued by the spells, then…” he muttered, seeing a shiny dagger in a beautiful sheath.

“Maybe she needs help?”

The monster seemed to sense that I was a greater threat to it than the others. It sucked at my strength, and breathing became increasingly difficult. If I didn't think of something soon, I would be history. At that moment, I felt something settle into my hand.

“What the…” I whispered, gripping the hilt of the dagger that had suddenly appeared in my hand. I grinned.

“Tough luck.”

I angled the knife, and it cut through the membrane with ease. Immediately, the monster above me screamed in pain as I stumbled out of the cocoon, sticky liquid beading off my suit and dripping from the torn membrane. “Ooooh? Did that hurt?” I asked, ducking under the giant hand.

I rolled across the floor as its other hand smashed into the ground, picking up my bow in the process. Before the monster could attack me again, I fired three arrows that shot into the dense web of threads and hit the bubbles containing the villagers of Vaulancourt. Coughing, they fell out, and their souls immediately disappeared in golden light as they returned to their bodies. The monster screamed in pain and seemed paralyzed. Its arms flailed about to prevent me from shooting, but one arrow after another found its target. When I destroyed the last cocoon, the monster was in a state of shock, and I quickly shot three arrows into its head in quick succession. It fell to the ground with a thunderous crash and dissolved into black vapor.

“Lucky,” I muttered and closed my eyes as my body woke up.

Rilliana took a deep breath and opened her eyes. She immediately sat up and froze when she saw the innkeeper standing in front of her—with her books and weapons.

“Did you make it?” he asked curiously, but Rilliana could see that he seemed torn.

“See for yourself,” Rilliana said in a hoarse voice, pointing toward the hallway where they both heard footsteps.

“F… Father?”

All caution was immediately forgotten as the innkeeper ran out of the room to embrace his daughter.

“Élise! You're awake! You're finally awake! Thank God!”
