---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What not to do in the Woods
authors:
- fourinchrichard
tags:
- Solo-M
- M-m
- naked
- outdoors
- caught
- official
- blackmail
- bond
- oral
- anal
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2011-11-19 00:00:00
---

I was hiking in the forrest two years ago during a heat wave that kept most sane people inside in their air conditioned houses. The places I went were at least shady, and I was confident I would be alone during the week when I had off with my odd work shift of two rotating days off in a row. I got an early start and walked in after parking my car in the empty lot, it was always empty when it was this hot! I usually strip out of my clothes once onto one of the many trails and assured I'm alone. I have found that if I hike in at least a mile from the trail head there are no candy wrappers or other evidence of human activity and I feel safe to strip off. That day though I was out of my clothes while almost in sight of the parking lot and carrying them in my bag!

I like the feeling of the sun and wind on my skin, and as a practical matter I would avoid sweating through my clothes. I am not a large guy and try to stay in good shape, but I would never want to get caught naked in the woods either. I think the thrill of potential discovery added to the experience for me. As I alluded to, this wasn't the first time I did this, and I knew others who did it as well from several blogs I go on, and that's where I got the idea from in the first place. I had my things, including my wallet and keys in my day pack and hung it from a small tree several steps off of the trail, but a mile from my car. I was only wearing my hiking boots, and just stood there soaking in the feeling of the air on my skin as I realized I was some kind of closet nudist at heart. I had a water bottle and started walking on my way with a free feeling I find hard to explain, and just a tinge of fear of discovery. I had done this very thing enough not to expect to be caught, but the first time it was a real thrill and I hid at every unfamiliar noise. I so wanted to share this personality kink with one of my girlfriends, but so far had not found one who I thought would understand it.

I was daydreaming on my walk in the woods like usual, and making a long loop back to my things and all the other things I had to get done that day. I felt wonderful and walked right up on my day pack and didn't even see the man in green pants and shirt standing right next to it. I saw the hat first, it was the typical hat worn by the forrest rangers around here and I must have looked ridiculous with the shock on my face. He was leaning on a long walking stick and when he saw that I recognized him he told me not to move. I didn't dare, I knew I was screwed!

He asked my name, and several other questions before he told me to to turn around and he handcuffed my arms behind my back. He said he had had heard of lewd activities in the park and that I would have to come with him. I told him I had never been arrested before, or in any trouble at all, and he just didn't care. I asked if I could get some clothes out of my bag that he was now holding, and he said that would be tampering with evidence and I would be processed like I was. Not only was I cuffed, but I would have the added humiliation of going to the station naked. He didn't guide me toward the parking lot, and I assumed his vehicle was parked elsewhere. He had his arm on mine steering me from behind, and it reinforced my loss of freedom, and I didn't know how this perfect day turned so crappy so fast.

I stopped at one point and pleaded with him for some way to get out of this, and he just said unless I was engaged in activities with another man I was going with him. In responce to my blank stare he explained that same sex "affection" was now a protected activity in the park due to the governors recent ruling, and if that was in fact what I was doing he would have to let me go. I thought for a moment and decided that claiming to be gay to this guy and being allowed to go home would be better than getting arrested naked and experiencing the whole legal process first hand. I decided to lie and I told him I was here to meet one of my guy friends for sex, but that I couldn't find him.

"Is that you formal statement" he asked me? I nodded my head because I couldn't bring myself to say it again. I have gay friends and admit to being mildly curious about what it would be like, and I do like it when I can talk a girlfriend into oral or anal with me, but that's it.

I had to be the most naive guy in the world not to see where this deal was going next. He said all I would have to do was prove it to him!

At my second blank stare he needlessly explained to me that members of that community regularly engage in oral and anal sex with members of the same sex. And as he didn't believe me, he went on, I would have to prove I was telling the truth by performing either of those for him. If I couldn't, he said he would add giving false statements to my charges!

I just stood there with my arms behind my back feeling helpless, and out maneuvered by this guy who was not only bigger than me, but obviously smarter. I don't know how long I stood there, but it occured to me that all I would have to do was what I asked every girlfriend I ever had to do for me. I guessed it made me a hypocrite if I was unwilling to do it myself, and besides nobody would know but the two of us. I got onto my knees and closed my eyes, and gave this guy my first oral sex ever. He was hard and apparently way more into this than I was. I did what I like my girlfriends to do, the rare ones who will that is, and as gay as it sounds, it wasn't so bad. Without the use of my hands I was handicapped, and when I thought he was going to cum I intended to pull away and let him shoot off on the ground like my girlfriends do.

He had other plans and held the back of my head as he picked up the pace, and held me onto his cock as he dumped his load down my throat. I couldn't help but to swallow it on instinct, unlike my girlfriends. I was disturbed to feel that my own cock responded and was as hard as his had been moments before. I expected my freedom as a reward for my sacrifice, and was instantly shot down by him pointing out that I gave the worst head of his life. He said it seemed to him that I lied, and that was the first oral I ever gave. He pulled me up by my arms and redirected me down the trail as my bobbing cock lead the way. I hoped he didn't notice!

We got to a large fallen log across the trail we were following and I was told I had one last chance to gain my freedom. He had me stand right up against the waist high log and he untied my left boot and retied the thick laces through one of the holes in the end of his walking stick. He made a mass of knots and pulled them tight, and it would take time to undo them if I could even reach them cuffed as I was. He had me widen my stance until my legs were the full distance apart of his stick, and he tied my right boot lace to the other end of his stick. Naive or not I saw where this was going, and he bent me down over the thick log as I did little to resist him. The bark was rough on my stomach, but especially so on my trapped cock. He squirted some kind of cool jell into my hands that were still cuffed, and over my ass with no other place to lay, and he told me I should know what to do!

I still feel uncomfortable describing what happened next, but I got to feel what it is like to be on the receiving end of what I have tried to get every girlfriend I ever had to let me do to them! Getting started was very rough, but once he was there it wasn't so bad at all. One of the worst parts of the whole ordeal was when he finally came, after a very long time of hammering me back and forth on the log. We were both grunting like animals and his orgasm triggered my own, and I shot off all over the ground between our legs.

He pulled out and slapped my ass affectionately, and said "well done sweety". He had taken my drivers license out of my pants earlier to see if I was lying when he asked my address and name, and he said he would mail it back to me if he found that I had not lied to him, along with some pictures. I told him in that case I wasn't really gay, and he said "you are now, sweety". There was a truth to his words that was hard to argue with, and I dwelled on that as he removed my cuffs. I stayed bent over the log and he told me I was free to go, for now, but that he would be in touch.

He walked away and left me to untie my boots from his walking stick in a process that could take a half an hour. He called to me from up the trail, "sweety, as long as we're being so honest with each other, you give great head and I'm not really a ranger, and thank you!"

To be continued
